UNK: He's like a criminal Good Will Hunting?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: And it looks like he's graduated to murder.
UNK: Mark West : Louis has had a rough life.
UNK: Mark West : He was abandoned by his father when he was five.
UNK: Mark West : Then he was raised by his mother,
UNK: Mark West : who has to work two jobs to support him.
UNK: The kid was on his own 20 hours a day.
Slaughter : Not all latchkey kids wind up killers.
UNK: Yeah, they're not all Einstein-Ievel geniuses either.
West : Louis was... Honestly, was just too smart.
West : And he didn't have anyone to help nurture his talent.
West : So all he could do was lash out.
West : That's when I first met him.
West : I knew right away he was the perfect candidate for Operation Mentor.
West : What he needed more than anything
West : was a strong male role model to look out for him.
Slaughter : - That was Victor. - Eventually, yes.
West : But Louis went through five other mentors first.
West : I got a lot of pressure to kick him out of the program.
West : Victor was my last shot.
West : But they hit it off right away. And Louis started getting better.
West : You know, Detective, you should consider becoming a mentor.
Slaughter : Yeah, I'm not role model material.
Castle : He's really not.
West : You never know. I wasn't always a counselor.
West : I used to chase money around wall Street for 15 hours a day,
West : but this here, this is definitely more fulfilling.
Castle : Yes, I imagine so.
UNK: Now, ifVictor were to use Louis' genius to help commit a crime,
UNK: that would have been quite a betrayal oftrust, wouldn't it?
Slaughter : Enough to make him snap and kill his mentor?
West : Well, Victor was the first person that Louis ever trusted,
West : besides his mom.
West : So finding out he'd been betrayed would have been pretty devastating.
Slaughter : Any idea where Louis might be hiding?
UNK: MR. wEST : I don't know. Sorry.
UNK: Oh. Uh, thank you very much for your time, Mr. west.
UNK: We got to go.
Martha : - Now. - Oh, yeah. Thanks.
Castle : Mr. west,
Ryan : I'm Detective Ryan and this is Detective Esposito, NYPD.
Ryan : We just have a few questions about a kid that Victor Lee was mentoring,
Hayley : named Louis Prince?
UNK: It's possible that he might have some information
Esposito : that can help us solve a crime.
West : That's funny. You guys just missed the two other cops that were here.
West : They were asking about Louis, too.
Castle : Yes. Got it.
Castle : Hayley managed to track Louis down using the IP address on his computer.
Castle : I have an address.
Castle : Thank you very much for doing this, Hayley.
Castle : I have another call. Thanks.
Slaughter : - This is Castle. - You lied to us?
Castle : Oh, well, when you put it that way...
UNK: Castle, no... This is notfunny.
Ryan : What are you doing running around with our murder suspect?
Castle : Hey, Slaughter didn't kill anyone.
UNK: AII right? I promise you.
Castle : He wants to find Victor's killerjust as much as we do.
Ryan : Really? Did he tell you why he's not working gangs anymore?
Castle : Yes. He said he got bored.
Ryan : No. He got demoted,
Ryan : he's under investigation for robbing a drug dealer.
Castle : You robbed a drug dealer?
Slaughter : Hell, no! That's a BS charge.
Ryan : Slaughter's about to lose his pension, Castle.
UNK: We figured that he teamed up with Victor to steal that chip
Ryan : and then he got greedy.
UNK: Give me that. Hey, Detective, get your head out of our butt.
UNK: Yeah, sure, I might've tuned Victor up a little bit,
Slaughter : but I didn't kill him.
Slaughter : You're wasting your time chasing after me,
Slaughter : you should be after the kid.
UNK: Hello?