UNK: He said thatyou'dlook outforme.
Slaughter : He did?
Slaughter : Yeah, yeah. Of course I will.
Castle : Wait a minute, how did you find him here?
Louis : I hacked his life.
Slaughter : You what my life?
Louis : I used a cryptographic generator I created
Louis : to get your social security number.
UNK: After that, it was simple guess work.
Louis : I went through your credit cards, your bank statements,
Louis : and when I discovered that you hadan ex-wife
UNK: who's currently performing in Italy,
UNK: I found I todd that her home alarm system
Louis : had recently been disarmed.
Louis : I knocked down a few firewalls, got into your ex's calendar,
Louis : and discovered the housekeeper doesn't come until Thursday.
Louis : So I assumed it was you,
Louis : I hacked her desktop's IP address and here I am.
Slaughter : Maybe I should be calling him Sherlock.
Louis : Someone's here.
Slaughter : Hey, kid, tell us where you are, and then I want you to hide.
UNK: I'm ata warehouse...
UNK: Hey!
Slaughter : Damn it, we lost him.
Castle : Maybe not. Look at the wall.
UNK: What is that?
UNK: It's a fumigation notice.
Castle : You can just make out the company name and the phone number.
Castle : I really think we should call for backup.
Slaughter : Screw that. Come on.
Slaughter : I see the kid. He's tied to a chair.
Slaughter : Looks like he's being interrogated.
Castle : By how many?
Slaughter : I only see one. Come on.
Castle : Whoa! whoa! whoa!
Castle : You don't even have a gun.
Slaughter : It's just one guy. Come on.
Slaughter : Hey, buddy.
Slaughter : - Nice. - Piece of cake, huh?
Slaughter : What's the matter, kid?
UNK: Huh?
UNK: I guess we should've called for backup.
Castle : Do you think?
Slaughter : Okay, chuckleheads.
Slaughter : Killing a police officer is not exactly a good addition to your rap sheet.
Castle : Or a best-selling author.
UNK: David Lacey : It's kind of hard to charge us with murder
UNK: David Lacey : if nobody ever finds the bodies.
Thug : Should I take the kid out of here?
UNK: No, let him watch.
Lacey : This way he knows what's going to happen to him
Lacey : if he doesn't do exactly what I ask.
Lacey : What the hell are you doing?
Lacey : Hey, knock it off.
UNK: Sherlock, we're gonna die here, Iet's at least try to do it like men, huh?
UNK: Will somebody please shoot these guys!
UNK: Slaughter & Castle : - Fight scene! - Fight scene!
UNK: Sorry.
UNK: Swat Member 1 : Don't move! Show me your hands!
UNK: Detective Ethan Slaughter : Is that it?
UNK: Detective Ethan Slaughter : Is that all the guys you brought?