Beckett : to fuel your expensive lifestyle.
Beckett : A house in the Hamptons, a Ferrari.
Beckett : A pair of top-of-the-line breast implants.
Beckett : I'm assuming those aren't for you, though.
UNK: Ted Murphy : My personal life is none of your business.
Beckett : It is when it leads to a murder.
Beckett : - You lost a ton of money in the market. - Everybody did.
Beckett : But not everybody had access to Greg's trust fund.
Beckett : When you ran out of your own money, you started using his.
Beckett : Burned through almost the entire two million,
Beckett : and then when he called you to tell you he was getting engaged,
Beckett : you panicked because you didn't have enough equity to put it back.
Castle : You realized the only way to avoid detection
Castle : was to put a stop to the wedding. But how?
Castle : Greg was clearly in love with Kyra, Kyra was in love with him.
Beckett : And then you met Sophie at the engagement party
Beckett : and you realized that she was the perfect instrument
Beckett : to sabotage Greg's wedding because she was so desperate for money.
UNK: Ted Murphy : That's ridiculous.
Castle : The fact that she still carried a torch for Greg made it that much easier
Castle : to convince her to sneak into Greg's room in the middle of the night.
Beckett : With this. Sophie's video camera.
Beckett : We found this in your luggage in the hotel.
Beckett : It still has Sophie's fingerprints all over it.
Castle : Only she didn't quite get the footage you were hoping for, did she?
Castle : When Greg refused Sophie's advances she had a change of heart.
Castle : She ran back to her room where you were there waiting for her.
Beckett : What happened, Mr. Murphy? Did she threaten to expose you?
Beckett : To tell everybody what you asked her to do?
Castle : You couldn't let that happen. And then you realized
Castle : there was another way to sabotage Greg's wedding.
Castle : - Kill a bridesmaid. - Wow. What a story.
UNK: Ted Murphy : And very well told, I might add. But that's all it is. A story.
UNK: Really?
Beckett : Do you remember how I told you that we went through your luggage?
Beckett : We found this tie tack. Platinum, right?
Beckett : Did you know that we found trace evidence of platinum
Beckett : in the wounds in Sophie's back?
Castle : You probably didn't even realize you were making them
Castle : when you were choking her from behind.
Beckett : Which is why it never occurred to you to get rid
Beckett : of the one piece of physical evidence that tied you to the crime.
Castle : We're sorry we kept you waiting.