Kyra : Sophie! Sophie, are you in there?
UNK: Sheila Blane : Sophie, the procession starts in 15 minutes!
UNK: Sheila Blane : If that girl ruins your wedding...
Kyra : I'm not worried about the wedding, Mother. I'm worried about Sophie.
UNK: Laurie Hill : If I had as much champagne as she did last night,
UNK: Laurie Hill : I'd probably be late for February.
Kyra : Oh, hey. Can you open this door for us?
Kyra : It's an emergency, please. Thank you.
Kyra : Sophie? Sophie?
UNK: Sheila Blaine : The bed hasn't been slept in.
Kyra : - She's not in the bathroom. - Go and see if her dress is still here.
Castle : Make sure it's nice and tight.
Alexis : Yes, sir.
Martha : What on Earth are you two doing?
UNK: Research.
Alexis : Dad has Nikki Heat duct-taped to a chair in his next chapter
Alexis : and he doesn't know how to get her out of it.
Castle : I thought, what better way to figure it out
Castle : than to get into the mind of my character?
Martha : I don't know, I suppose you could just use your imagination.
Castle : I want it to be authentic. Hands.
Martha : Well, hurry taping up your father. We don't want to be late.
Martha : Oh, God. I can't believe I just said that.
Castle : Where are you two off to?
Alexis : Gram's got a dress rehearsal. I thought I'd go watch.
Martha : Watch me? Or watch the adorable delivery boy in the second act?
Alexis : Too tight?
Castle : - Perfect. - Are you sure about your mouth?
Castle : Like I said, authentic.
UNK: Mmm.
Alexis : Nod if you're okay.
Alexis : Okay, we're off. And after, we might go shopping.
Alexis : So, you don't mind, right?
Alexis : Oh, come on, Dad. We both know you'd have no respect for me if I didn't.
Alexis : Have fun, and good luck.
Martha : I don't know where she gets it from. Honestly, I don't.
UNK: Bye.
Esposito : Victim is Sophie Ronson, 35. She's in from LA for the wedding.
Beckett : - Was she a guest? - Mmm-mmm. Bridesmaid.
UNK: Bride came looking when Miss Ronson didn't show up for her hair and makeup.
UNK: Found her stuffed in that armoire.
Beckett : What do you see?
Lanie : Preliminary cause is asphyxiation.
Lanie : And from the way her windpipe is crushed,
Lanie : I'd say the killer choked her from behind.
Lanie : We've got contusions on her throat, one of her earrings is missing.
Lanie : It looks like it was yanked from her lobe.
Esposito : We searched the room. The earring's not here.
Beckett : Get CSU to print out a picture
Beckett : so that uniforms can start searching the hotel.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : Time of death?
Lanie : Based on temperature and lividity,
UNK: I'd say between 3 : 00 and 5 : 00 a.m. This morning.
Kyra : - Thank you. - Mmm-hmm.
Beckett : Let's talk to hotel security. I wanna see surveillance tapes
Beckett : and a list of all registered hotel guests.
Beckett : And get records for her room phone and her cell.
Esposito : I'm on it.
UNK: Hotel says only one key card was issued to the victim.
UNK: It was last used to enter the victim's room at 3 : 18 a.m.
Beckett : Okay, well, that coincides with time of death.
Beckett : Where are the bride and groom?
Ryan : Bridal suite at the end of the hall. Greg and Kyra.
Beckett : Okay, have uniforms assemble the wedding guests in the bar
Beckett : - to be interviewed. - Where's Castle?
Beckett : I don't know. Figured the death of a bridesmaid would be right up his alley.
Ryan : Heard "wedding" and probably got cold feet.
UNK: Hmm...
UNK: Huh.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : When was the last time that you saw Sophie?
Kyra : At the rehearsal dinner last night. I don't even think I talked to her.
Kyra : She came all this way for us, and I don't think I even said hello.
Greg : It's not your fault, Kyra. It was a crazy day.
Kyra : Did you talk to her after I went up to bed?
Greg : No. You know how Uncle Teddy is.
Greg : He wouldn't let me leave without doing tequila shots.
UNK: I escaped up to my room around 1 : 00.
Greg : I'm not sure if Sophie was still at the bar.
Beckett : The two of you weren't in the same room last night?
UNK: No.
Greg : It's bad luck to see the bride before the wedding.
Beckett : Is there anything else you can tell me about Sophie?
Beckett : Was she in a relationship? Did she have any enemies?
Kyra : I don't know. She lived in LA and we were never super close.
Greg : Sophie introduced us. She's the reason we're together.
Kyra : So, when we were planning the wedding,
Kyra : we thought she should be there.
Kyra : But the engagement party was the first time we'd seen her
Kyra : in a couple of years. And now she's dead.
Kyra : Who would do something like this?
Beckett : That's what we're here to find out.
Joe : - Here you go. - Thanks, Joe. It's great.
Beckett : - Hotel security? - Yeah.
Esposito : They do background checks on all their employees.
Esposito : Seemed pretty sure there wasn't a killer among them,
Esposito : but he gave me the list. He's also pulling surveillance tapes.
Esposito : Good news is the elevators are all wired.
Esposito : Bad news is the stairwells and hallways aren't.
Ryan : Oh, look who it is.
Esposito : We were about to send out a search party. Where you been?
Castle : I got a little tied up with work.
Castle : - Which way to the crime scene? - Sixth floor.
Kyra : - Thank you. - Mmm-hmm.
Esposito : Hey, bro. Is that duct tape on your pants?
Castle : Hmm. Yes. Yes, it is.
UNK: So, a bridesmaid, huh? What happened?
Castle : Wouldn't get caught dead in that dress?
Ryan : They're actually not that bad. A subtle mauve chiffon.