Ryan : I know.
UNK: What?
UNK: - You had me under surveillance? - Not you, Kyra.
Castle : Why would you have Kyra under surveillance?
Beckett : She's a murder suspect.
Castle : Oh, no, no. See, Sophie's murder was an isolated crime of passion.
Castle : Watching Kyra after the fact would be a waste of police resources,
Castle : which we both know you would not do.
Beckett : I had to make sure that you didn't do anything stupid, which you did.
Castle : We just kissed. That's all that happened.
Beckett : That's all that happened for now.
Esposito : Hey, the...
Esposito : Everything okay?
Esposito : - Yeah. - No.
UNK: Okay. Financials came in on our groom. No red flags.
Esposito : He actually lives pretty modest for someone with a trust fund.
Beckett : - Anything back from the lab? - Nothing useful.
Esposito : Greg's hair and fiber samples came back negative.
Esposito : Other than the earring,
Esposito : there's no physical evidence tying him to the murder.
Ryan : So I retraced Sophie's steps leading up to the wedding.
Ryan : She checked into the Beaumont on Friday,
Ryan : but she flew into the city on Thursday morning.
Beckett : What was she doing all day Thursday?
UNK: Keith Murphy : I don't know. I didn't even see her until the rehearsal dinner
UNK: Keith Murphy : and we didn't even talk.
UNK: Ted Murphy : I'm afraid I can't help you. I barely knew the girl.
UNK: Laurie Hill : No, the first time I saw Sophie
UNK: Laurie Hill : was at the wedding breakfast on Friday morning.
UNK: Sheila Blaine : I have no idea what Sophie was doing, but I'm sure it was nothing good.
UNK: Sheila Blaine : Did you know that she called me after the engagement party
UNK: Sheila Blaine : to ask me to pay for her flight?
Ryan : - And did you? - Of course not.
UNK: Boyd Gamble : I told her, "People have to make their own way."
Esposito : So you have no idea what Sophie did on Thursday?
UNK: Sheila Blaine : No, but guess what she was doing on Friday when I first saw her.
Esposito : - What's that? - Shopping at the hotel store.
UNK: Sheila Blaine : Here she is telling everybody
UNK: Sheila Blaine : how broke she is, and somehow,
UNK: Sheila Blaine : oh, suddenly she has money to burn.
Beckett : Between the shoes, the dress, the hotel and the flight,
Beckett : Sophie must have dropped three grand on this weekend, easy.
Esposito : I don't know how. Her bank balance is $ 18
Esposito : and her credit cards are maxed out.
Castle : How much did the drug dealer say she paid for the roofies?
Ryan : Two hundred bucks. Cash.