Ryan : - Your alibi checked out. - Thank you.
Ryan : He really was coaching
Ryan : an underprivileged youth basketball league.
Tom : For what it's worth, my kids won that night.
UNK: Oh, geez.
Ryan : Sorry, man. Had to rule you out.
Tom : Let's just move on.
Tom : Look, there's a wrong cop out there. We need to figure out who it is.
Esposito : You know how many cops have gone through the 54th
Esposito : in the last 10 years?
Esposito : Hundreds, maybe thousands.
Beckett : Whoever it was, was very good.
Beckett : You don't work the other side without arousing IA suspicion
Beckett : unless you know what you're doing.
Esposito : Yeah, we're never gonna find him, not in time anyway.
Beckett : In time for what?
Esposito : I gotta take a walk.
Ryan : Hey, I thought you were going for a walk.
Esposito : What do you want?
Ryan : Thornton's going after the ledger tonight, isn't he?
Esposito : The man's been on the run for three years, separated from his family.
Esposito : I gotta help the guy, so don't try to stop me.
UNK: Mrs. Finch : I'm not.
Ryan : - I'm going with you. - No, you're not.
Ryan : I'm your partner.
Ryan : That means I'm with you till the wheels fall off.
Esposito : I know, bro.
Esposito : But I'm gonna need you to get my back if things go wrong, all right?
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Thanks.
Montgomery : Tell me you got something, people.
Beckett : Unfortunately, sir, we are dead in the water.
UNK: No, we're not.
UNK: If Thornton never worked for Racine,
UNK: then someone lied to IA three years ago.
Beckett : To throw suspicion from the real dirty cop.
Castle : So whoever IA was talking to,
Castle : they must know who the real dirty cop is.
Castle : All we need to do is get the name of the informant
Castle : from Holliwell and run him down.
Tom : Easier said than done.
Tom : There's no way an IA officer is gonna give up the name
Tom : of a confidential informant.
Montgomery : We'll see about that.
Ike : You sure you're ready to bet your badge on this?
Ike : Pretty long odds.
Esposito : You're my partner.
Esposito : You sure you can get us in Racine's office?
Ike : Trust me. I've been casing the joint for three years.
Ike : Let's roll.
Beckett : Sir, how did you do it?
UNK: Pulling strings and trading favors.
Beckett : This can't be right.
Beckett : The investigation against Ike Thornton three years ago,
Beckett : Lieutenant Holliwell lists his chief informant
Beckett : as Detective Javier Esposito.
UNK: Son of a bitch.
Castle : - What does that mean? - It means there was no informant.
Beckett : Sir, is there any way to find out if Holliwell served at the 54th?
Esposito : Come on, bro. What the hell's taking so long?
UNK: I could have chewed through that by now.
UNK: Here.
Ike : There we go.
Holliwel : Nice thing about Internal Affairs,
Holliwel : it's our job to monitor other cops.
Holliwel : You should've turned your cell phone off completely, Esposito.
Holliwel : You know, with GPS and all.
Esposito : All this time, it was you.
Holliwel : I figured you'd come for that sooner or later.
Holliwel : Big mistake.
Holliwel : Toss the ledger over here.
Holliwel : Throw it!
Holliwel : See, if I were you, Thornton,
UNK: I would've just stayed dead.
Ike : You're not me. I'm a cop.
Holliwel : I beg to differ, buddy. You're a wanted criminal.
Holliwel : Just ask Esposito over here.
Holliwel : He died trying to apprehend you.