Holliwel : They tried to kill me. Esposito and Thornton, they're both in on it.
Beckett : Drop it or I will drop you.
Tom : You know the drill, Holliwell. Keep them up.
Beckett : Lieutenant Holliwell, you're under arrest for the murder of Paul Finch.
Ryan : Where's Esposito?
Ryan : Where's Esposito?
UNK: Esposito?
UNK: Yeah.
Esposito : We got an officer down.
Ryan : William 16, William 16, need an ambulance at 3471 Houston.
Ike : I'm cool. It was a clean exit.
UNK: Holliwell?
Ryan : Yeah, we got him and the ledger.
UNK: Good.
Beckett : - Ike. - Yeah.
UNK: - This is my partner, Ryan. - Hey.
Esposito : And this is my other partner, Castle.
Castle : Hey, man.
Beckett : And with Holliwell's testimony and the ledger,
Beckett : we now have enough evidence to arrest Racine.
Montgomery : Okay, but what I don't understand is how the hell you ended up
Montgomery : in Racine's office with Thornton.
Beckett : - Sir, I... - Oh, I... I'm sorry, sir.
Beckett : I thought we made that clear.
Beckett : Esposito was with us
Beckett : when we responded to a robbery in progress call at Racine's office.
Montgomery : Uh-huh. And who made the call?
Castle : The call was made by a private citizen who wishes to remain anonymous.
Montgomery : I may need a private citizen to help me write up this damn mess.
Castle : I'd be happy to lend my expertise.
UNK: So...
Ike : I know you're not turning me loose.
Esposito : Just a furlough.
Ryan : We got something we want you to see.
Esposito : You did it, bro.
Esposito : And the best news is
Esposito : you're free to go.
Tom : As far as I'm concerned, Finch acted alone.
Tom : It's my case. I'm closing it.
Castle : And I don't see Racine pressing charges anytime soon.
Castle : Right now, he's trying to deny that the ledger is his.
Beckett : It's time for you to go home, Ike.
Tom : So is it always this much fun up here?
Beckett : We have our moments.
Tom : So now that you know I'm not a dirty cop,
Tom : anytime you need a sparring partner...
UNK: Thanks.
Beckett : I'm sorry. What? - I find...
UNK: What?