Fred : It's hard to put a price tag on an item like that
Fred : because of, you know, the sentimental value.
Beckett : And who else knew that you were keeping it at the bank?
Fred : Just a select group of other stamp enthusiasts
Fred : with whom I formed relationships over the years.
Tom : So how long you been a philatelist, Fred?
Fred : Hey, watch your mouth, pal. Fred Cana don't go that route.
Tom : Philately is the study of stamps, Mr. Cana,
Tom : which you would know if you were, in fact, a collector.
Tom : Come on, Fred. What's really in the box, huh?
Tom : What'd they steal from you?
Fred : I don't have to take this crap. I'm the victim here.
UNK: Hey.
Castle : Hey, you guys rounding up the usual suspects?
Esposito : Yeah, and every hood this side of Harlem
Esposito : says Finch has been out of action for years.
Esposito : Where's Beckett?
Castle : Oh, she and Captain America are in there with Fred Cana.
Fred : Fred Cana?
Castle : Yeah, he's the guy who rented the safety...
Fred : Officer Esposito!
Esposito : Actually, it's Detective Esposito now, Fred.
UNK: Congratulations.
Esposito : Fred here is a bagman for Victor Racine.
Castle : Who's Victor Racine?
Tom : He's a syndicate man.
Tom : Made the leap from organized crime to legitimate businessman
Tom : while no one was looking.
Esposito : Racine is connected and untouchable.
UNK: You ought to know.
Fred : Esposito and his old partner tried to touch him a few years back.
Esposito : How about I touch you instead?
Fred : - Come on! Come on, tough guy! Let's go, man!
Ryan : Come on. Take a walk, all right? He's not worth it. Man.
Beckett : - What the hell was that all about? - He works for Victor Racine.
UNK: So?
Esposito : Victor Racine killed my partner.
Esposito : His name was Ike. Ike Thornton.
Esposito : We partnered up back when I was at the 54th.
Esposito : We worked the Organized Crime Task Force.
Esposito : Victor Racine was our target.
Esposito : Until, one day, Ike didn't come into work.
Esposito : It's like he just disappeared.
Esposito : To make matters worse, Internal Affairs came around here
Esposito : asking all these questions, talking like Ike had gone over,
Esposito : that he was working for Racine.
Esposito : It was an absolute load of crap.
Esposito : Couple of days later, some kids found Ike's car out by the docks.
Esposito : Shot to hell, blood all over the seats.
Ryan : All the hallmarks of a professional hit.
Esposito : Yeah, only we couldn't tie it back to Racine.
Esposito : His guys had dumped Ike's body so that we could never find him.
Esposito : The department shut down the whole operation after that.
Esposito : I transferred here.
Esposito : But I know one thing,
Esposito : if Fred Cana has a safe deposit box,
Esposito : it's because he's holding something for Racine.
Esposito : And it ain't no stamps.
Beckett : He wants blood.
Tom : I don't blame him.
Tom : From the look of it, I'm guessing
Tom : Racine had Finch killed for stealing from him.
Beckett : That explains why he was tortured.
Beckett : So he'd give up his partner.
Beckett : You know, whatever they stole from that safe deposit box,
Beckett : Racine wants it back bad.
Tom : Yeah, but how did he get onto Finch in the first place?
Castle : Maybe he recognized the great smell of Brut.
Beckett : I'm sure that Racine is the kind of guy who has his sources.
Tom : So you like our stamp collector for doing the deed on Racine's behalf?
Beckett : Sure, except we called.
Beckett : He has witnesses willing to corroborate his whereabouts.
Castle : - Of course he does. - And we have no proof otherwise.
Tom : Oh, speaking of which, they brought up the CSU report on the crime scene.
Tom : The car was wiped down.
Tom : Other than Finch and his wife, we got no usable prints.
Beckett : And we still don't have an ID on that metal symbol we found.
Castle : Meanwhile, our stamp collector has an alibi,
Castle : and we currently have no evidence.
Castle : So what is our next step?
Beckett : We talk to the real victim of our robbery.
Beckett : Mr. Victor Racine.
Tom : Bold. I like your style.
Castle : What, you think he's the kind of guy
Castle : who's just gonna tell us what's in that box
Castle : or maybe admit to killing the thief?
Beckett : Watch and learn, Castle. Watch and learn.
Racine : To what do I owe this pleasure, huh?
Beckett : A safe deposit box at Manhattan Mutual