UNK: Tom Demming : You need someone to steady your bag.
Beckett : Are you offering?
Tom : Yeah. Sure.
Beckett : All right.
Beckett : - Thanks. - All right.
UNK: Nice.
Beckett : - Thank you. - Anytime.
UNK: Beckett.
Alexis : All right, here comes the turn.
UNK: Mmm. Actually, sweetie, it's called the river.
Alexis : Right. Right.
Alexis : The fifth community card is called "the river" or "fifth street."
Castle : Now you're on the trolley, kid.
UNK: So, who won?
Castle : Oh. Well, actually, you had me until the river.
UNK: Mmm-hmm. And you got a third jack, and trip jacks beat trip nines.
Alexis : - You win. - Don't sweat it, sweetheart.
Castle : Just your first lesson. What do you say we call it a night?
Alexis : What? No. Let's keep playing.
Alexis : Shuffle up and deal.
Martha : Ah! Hello, darlings.
Martha : Oh. What's all this?
Alexis : Dad's teaching me the basics of No Limit Texas Hold 'Em.
Martha : I'm shocked.
Martha : Shocked there's gambling in here.
Martha : Deal me in.
Castle : Good evening, Detective Beckett.
Esposito : Victim's name is Paul Finch.
Esposito : According to the registration, it's his car.
Beckett : What do we know about him?
Esposito : We ran him for next of kin, found his wife.
Ryan : She's on her way in.
Esposito : And his rap sheet.
Esposito : He's a thief.
Esposito : Couple of bank jobs, some corporate B and E's.
Esposito : But he hasn't been arrested in a few years.
Esposito : So he's either really lucky...
Castle : - Or he's out of the game. - What happened?
Lanie : I'd say he was electrocuted.
UNK: That had to be pretty high voltage for him to get burns like that.
Castle : Sure. You connect these leads directly into the ignition system,
Castle : you rev the engine high enough...
Beckett : Looks like they were trying to torture him,
Beckett : but ended up killing him instead.
Lanie : Either way, it wasn't pleasant.
Beckett : You know, whoever did this
Beckett : either wanted to send a message or needed something from him.
Castle : What would somebody need from a retired...
UNK: What?
Castle : His eyes are closed.
Beckett : Did anyone touch the body before you came here?
Lanie : Nope. It was like that when I got here.
UNK: The killer must have closed them postmortem.
UNK: - That means he knew our victim. - That means he knew the victim.
Castle : I would say, he probably felt guilty about what he had done,
Castle : wanted to erase it.
Beckett : Have CSU sweep the cars, and let's fume the body.
Beckett : Maybe we'll get some prints off of his eyelids.
Lanie : You got it.