Monica : The ledger wasn't there.
Castle : So a guy tortures and kills his partner
Castle : after breaking into a bank to steal something from his boss
Castle : that wasn't actually there.
Tom : It sounds crazy when you say it like that.
Esposito : Look, I know he was my partner, but no matter how I slice it,
Esposito : it makes no sense that Ike would kill Finch.
Castle : - Detective Beckett. - Lieutenant Holliwell.
Holliwel : Sorry to interrupt, but my team's been up on a wire
Holliwel : monitoring the cell phones of several key members of Racine's organization.
Holliwel : We've been listening for any mention of Ike Thornton.
Alexis : - And? - And it turns out,
Holliwel : we're not the only ones looking for him.
Holliwel : Racine just put a price on Thornton's head.
Beckett : Racine must have found out he was going after the ledger.
Holliwel : I guess you're not the only one your old partner betrayed.
UNK: Carol.
Ryan : Where you going?
Esposito : If Racine's going after Ike,
Esposito : the first place he's gonna go is the same place we went,
Esposito : his wife and kid.
Esposito : - Ryan. - Yeah.
Beckett : I'm gonna call the surveillance team.
UNK: Carol!
Esposito : Carol, it's Javi!
UNK: Carol!
UNK: Timmy!
Esposito : Upstairs. Go.
UNK: Carol!
UNK: Timmy!
UNK: Nothing.
Esposito : They're gone.
Ryan : Surveillance team said they never left.
Ryan : - How the hell did they... - Racine.
Esposito : Have the uniforms canvass the neighbors.
Esposito : Maybe somebody saw something.
Ryan : Yeah, on it.
Ike : I appreciate what you done for my boy, Javi.
Esposito : Carol and Tim. Where are they?
UNK: Somewhere where Racine can't find them.
UNK: We've had guys on this place 24l7. How the hell did you get in here?
Ike : Three years as a ghost, you learn a few things.
Esposito : So IA was right.
Esposito : Three years ago.
UNK: Now.
Esposito : - You were working for Racine. - Is that what you believe?
Esposito : You let me think you were dead.
Esposito : And now you're holding a burner on me.
Ike : You're a good cop, Javi.
Ike : But I put this down, you're gonna take me in.
Ike : And I can't let you do that, not yet.
Ike : - Not when I'm so close. - So close to what?
Ike : There is a dirty cop on Racine's payroll.
Ike : So in order to throw them off of his guy, Racine dirtied me up.
Ike : And IA bought it hook, line and sinker.
Esposito : Why didn't you just come to me?
Ike : Look, cases like mine are contagious, brother.
Ike : I couldn't let you catch what I had.
Ike : Racine's guy fed them so much garbage,
Ike : they could lock me up.
UNK: And if I had let them,
UNK: Racine would have had me shanked at Rikers
Ike : before I could clear my name.
Esposito : - Where you been? - Watching, learning.
Ike : That's how I found out about the ledger.
Esposito : Racine's pays and owes.
Ike : Everyone on his payroll, including the dirty cop that set me up.
Esposito : But the ledger wasn't in the bank like you thought.
Ike : Somehow, Racine found Finch.
Esposito : You were there, man. We found your prints.
Ike : He was dead when I found him, Jav.
Ike : I just closed his eyes. Come on, man.
Esposito : And the ledger?
Ike : I know where the ledger is.
Ike : But I need a little more time, Javi.
Ike : Just until tomorrow night.
Esposito : You used to carry yours with you all the time.
Ike : I still do, man.
Esposito : Then that means there's somebody else mixed up in this,
Esposito : somebody from the 54th.
Ike : Whoever it is, they tipped Racine that I'm still alive,
Ike : which means they're close.
Ike : Maybe a part of your investigation.
UNK: 54th.
UNK: Demming.
Esposito : It's him.
UNK: Got to be.
Ryan : Remember how he said he requested this case?
Ryan : Said he liked the weird ones,
Ryan : but it was just so he could hunt down the thieves for Racine.
Castle : I knew there was something I didn't like about him.
Castle : Too pretty.
Castle : Bet he takes yoga classes just so he can pick up girls.
Esposito : All these years, he's been lining his pockets with Racine's cash,
Esposito : leaving Thornton holding the bag.
Castle : but doesn't even read it.
Ryan : The guy's been playing us all along, using us to find Finch's accomplice.
Castle : Just leaves copies laying out where people can see them.
Beckett : Let's nail the bastard.
UNK: How?
Beckett : If he was tipping off Racine, he wouldn't use the precinct phone.
Beckett : He'd use his cell.
Ryan : We could pull his SIM card.
Ryan : If there are any calls to Racine, we have all the proof we need.
Castle : How are we gonna get his phone away from him?
Esposito : What's up, man?
Beckett : I have an idea.
UNK: Wow.
Tom : It's been a while for me.
Beckett : You know, I'll try to be gentle.
Ike : You do that.