Castle : What is it?
Beckett : You tell me.
Castle : Maybe he was murdered by The Artist Formerly Known As Prince.
Beckett : Mrs. Finch, we're very sorry for your loss.
Beckett : Does this look familiar to you at all?
UNK: Mrs. Finch : No, I'm sorry.
UNK: Mrs. Finch : Look, I know what my husband was,
UNK: Mrs. Finch : but Paul had been out of the game since he left prison.
UNK: Mrs. Finch : When we got married, he swore off taking scores.
UNK: Mrs. Finch : Then a few weeks ago, he said he had to go do something for a friend.
Beckett : Did he tell you what or who?
UNK: No.
UNK: Mrs. Finch : I begged him not to do it, but he...
UNK: Mrs. Finch : He said he owed the guy from way back.
UNK: Mrs. Finch : Paul was a thief, Detective, but he had this sense of honor.
UNK: Mrs. Finch : He was old-fashioned like that.
UNK: Mrs. Finch : He was a good man, Detective.
UNK: Mrs. Finch : I mean, God knows he had his faults, but...
UNK: This?
UNK: Mrs. Finch : He didn't deserve this.
Castle : So the guy comes out of retirement for one job and ends up dead.
Castle : That cannot be a coincidence.
Esposito : Yeah, what lures a guy
Esposito : who's been retired for years back into the game?
Ryan : Must've been something big.
Beckett : That was Robbery on the phone.
Beckett : They logged in a break-in at a branch of Manhattan Mutual
Beckett : the day before yesterday.
Esposito : Bank heist. That fits with Finch's profile.
Castle : Did they have any details?
Beckett : Nope. They're sending the new guy up now.
UNK: Tom Demming : And that would be me.
UNK: Oh!
Esposito : - What's up, bro? - How you doing?
Esposito : Why didn't you tell me you transferred?
UNK: You know, I've been settling in.
Esposito : Hey, uh, this is my boy, Tom Demming.
Esposito : He was one of the best cops back at the 54th.
UNK: This is my partner, Ryan.
UNK: - How you doing? You, too. - Nice to meet you, man.
Esposito : Richard Castle. - Yeah, the author, right?
Castle : That's right.
Esposito : And this is Detective Beckett.
Tom : - Yeah, we met. - Yes. Hi.
UNK: Hi.
Tom : So, Paul Finch, huh?
Tom : He's one of the few guys on the island who could've taken a score like that.
Beckett : Like what?
Tom : A couple of pros tunnel into the vault, drill open a safe deposit box,
Tom : leave nothing behind but the great smell of Brut.
Beckett : And you think that Finch couldn't have pulled this off on his own?
UNK: No, it was a two-man job at the minimum.
Tom : There's definitely another player floating around out there.
Beckett : We've run a search for his phone records and financials,
Beckett : so hopefully we'll find something that ties him to a partner.
Castle : Or maybe the partner turned on Finch after the robbery,
Castle : decided he didn't need him anymore.
Beckett : Either way, we know that the robbery and the homicide are connected.
Castle : That seems like an awful lot of trouble for one safe deposit box.
UNK: Yeah. And they left stacks of cash untouched.
Tom : The guys downstairs thought I was nuts when I hopped on this case,
Tom : but I like the weird ones.
Esposito : Hmm. How about that? Beckett likes the weird ones, too.
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : What could be in that box
Castle : that'd be worth digging a tunnel to and killing for?
Castle : Diamonds? German bearer bonds? Nazi gold?
Tom : We still don't know yet.
Tom : The bank had some trouble locating the owner,
Tom : but he's supposed to be coming in this afternoon.
Tom : Would you like to join me for the interrogation?
Beckett : Yeah. Yeah, I'd love to.
UNK: Good.
Beckett : Meanwhile, I'm gonna need you guys to hit the street
Beckett : and see if you can scare up any of Finch's associates.
Beckett : Maybe anyone that he's taken scores with in the past
Beckett : or people that he owes. Thank you.
Lanie : You got it.
Castle : What can I do?
Beckett : You could watch.
Castle : Two weeks ago, I saved your life twice.
Beckett : Thank you for coming in, Mr. Cana.
UNK: Fred Cana : Call me Fred.
Tom : And obviously we're going to do everything we can
Tom : to help you recover your stolen property.
Tom : What exactly was in the box?
UNK: Stamps.
Fred : - Stamps? - Yeah, I collect them.
UNK: It kind of surprises me it took you so long to reach out to us.
Tom : The folks at the bank said they left you a half a dozen messages
Tom : over the last couple of days.
Fred : Well, I been busy, you know?
Fred : I been working a lot.
Beckett : And what is it that you do?
Fred : I'm in private security.
Beckett : This stamp collection, how much was it worth exactly?