Alexis : So it looks like I owe you one night of solo dish duty.
Alexis : And you owe me four days of bed-making duty,
Alexis : three spa treatments, two pairs of sunglasses,
Alexis : and a Bulgari purse for Gram.
Alexis : What's wrong?
Castle : I'm not used to losing.
Esposito : Hey, Carol. Got a few minutes?
Tim : Uncle Javi!
Esposito : - Hey, what's up, buddy? - What's up?
Esposito : - How you doing? - Good.
UNK: Good. Oh, man, you looking tall.
Esposito : Hey, this is my boy, Kevin.
Tim : Hi. I'm Tim.
Ryan : Nice to meet you, Tim.
Esposito : Hey, he loves baseball cards.
Esposito : Why don't you take him upstairs and show him yours?
Tom : - Come on. Yeah, let's go.
Esposito : How long have you known?
Esposito : Carol, it'll be a lot easier for him if you just tell me where he is.
Carol : So you can arrest him?
Esposito : Carol, he killed a man.
UNK: No.
Esposito : His prints were on the body.
UNK: Please.
UNK: Please.
Carol : Do not try to find him.
Carol : Not now, not when we are so close.
Esposito : So close to what?
UNK: Mrs. Finch : I'm sorry.
Carol : I can't.
Tom : You know, if your mouse finger gets tired, we can switch.
Beckett : That's okay. I think I can handle it.
Tom : Oh, I get it. You don't want to give up the driver's seat.
Castle : Hey, I brought coffee.
UNK: Ah, you know what? It's okay. Demming already brought some.
Castle : Did he now?
Castle : Hey, Paul Finch.
Tom : Oh, yeah. He's casing the place.
Beckett : And look who his partner is.
Castle : That's his wife Monica. She said she had no idea what he was doing.
UNK: There's someone else with them.
UNK: That's...
Esposito : Ike Thornton.
Beckett : If he's working for Racine, what's he doing with Finch?
Esposito : So Ike was working with Finch?
Tom : Yeah, it looks that way.
Tom : I'm guessing he discovered Racine was keeping something valuable in the box.
Tom : He needed Finch's skills to help him get it.
Esposito : But if they were working together, why would he kill him?
Castle : Maybe Racine was right.
UNK: Maybe there is no honor amongst thieves.
Esposito : And maybe he didn't do it.
Beckett : We have him at the scene.
Esposito : Him working with Finch, what his wife said, it doesn't add.
Esposito : Something else is going on.
Castle : Looks like we're about to find out what.
Beckett : Here's the thing, Monica, we're not interested
Beckett : in whether you helped your husband case the bank.
Beckett : All we care about is finding the guy who killed him. Ike Thornton.
Monica : You think Ike Thornton killed Paul?
Monica : Let me tell you the kind of man Ike is.
Monica : About 12 years back, he collared Paul and his kid brother Barry on a heist.
Monica : Ike saw that Barry was a first-timer, so he cut him a break.
Monica : Paul went to jail for five years,
Monica : but he never forgot what Ike did for his brother.
Monica : That's why he did this last job with him, as payback.
UNK: Payback's a bitch,
Beckett : because we found Ike's fingerprints on your husband's body.
Monica : I don't believe it.
Beckett : It doesn't matter if you don't believe it. The fact is, Ike was there.
Beckett : He tortured and killed your husband.
Tom : What was in the box, Monica? What did they steal from Racine?
Tom : It must have been pretty valuable
Tom : if Ike decided to kill your husband so he wouldn't have to split it.
Tom : Split it? There was nothing to split.
Tom : What was in the box?
Monica : A book. A ledger.
Monica : A ledger?
UNK: Something that showed all of Racine's pays and owes
UNK: on all of his businesses, not just his legitimate ones.
Castle : An accounting of all of Racine's illegal operations
Castle : could be worth a bundle in blackmail.
Monica : It could if they'd gotten it,
Monica : but when they hit the bank, the box was empty.
UNK: Empty?