Ryan : Guy was out of line back there.
Esposito : I'd be asking the same questions if I was in his shoes.
Ryan : You know you can talk to me, right?
Esposito : I put all that stuff behind me, bro.
Esposito : The only thing I have left from back then...
Esposito : This, right here.
Esposito : Back in the day, when I was in the 54th,
Esposito : everybody used to carry one of these with them.
Esposito : It was like a sense of pride, you know?
UNK: Ike have one of those?
Esposito : - Yeah. Why? - Let me see it.
Esposito : The 54th.
Ryan : It must have broken off when he was struggling with Finch.
Esposito : It was him.
Beckett : You know, no one would blame you if you stepped off this case.
UNK: No.
Esposito : Partner or not, he killed a man.
Castle : This guy's pulled a ghost routine for years.
Castle : Gave up his old life, his friends.
Castle : A guy can't pull a disappearing act like that without help from somebody.
Esposito : He had Racine's help.
Castle : Well, Racine or no Racine, he was married, right? Has a kid.
Castle : They must have known.
Esposito : I saw Carol last month. She doesn't know anything.
Beckett : You sure about that?
Esposito : Hell, I'm not sure about anything anymore.
Ryan : Where you going?
Esposito : Take a poly, clear my name.
Beckett : Go pick up the wife. Let's see what she knows.
Carol : I'm sorry. I don't believe you.
Beckett : His thumbprint's on our victim's body, Carol.
Beckett : He's alive. There's no other explanation.
Carol : They never recovered Ike's body, so I don't know.
Carol : Someone could've cut off his thumb and...
Castle : Yes, they could've done that, but you know they didn't.
Castle : Come on, Carol. It's been years.
Castle : An attractive woman like you hasn't found someone new?
Carol : It's not easy when you're a single mom.
Carol : Not that that's any of your business.
Carol : You know what you get when a cop dies with a warrant out on him?
Carol : I'll tell you what you don't get.
Carol : You don't get a folded flag
Carol : and you sure as hell don't get a penny of his pension.
UNK: And yet, you somehow managed to make mortgage payments...
Carol : If Ike is alive, that means we're still married.
Carol : And you can't compel me to testify against my spouse.
Castle : She knew he was alive, but did she know he was working for Racine?
Beckett : She's a cop wife and she knows her rights.
Beckett : Good luck getting anything out of her.
Esposito : She might talk to me.
Ryan : Oh! Look who passed his poly.
Esposito : Yeah. Had the feeling that Holliwell was kind of disappointed.
Esposito : She knows me. I might be able to get her to open up.
Beckett : All right, take a run at her in the morning.
Beckett : And I'll get a unit down to the house in case Ike decides to show up.
UNK: Right.
Castle : Betrayal, lies, deceit.
Castle : Sounds like my first marriage.
Castle : - What? - I'm trying to figure out
Beckett : what was so damn important in that safe deposit box
Beckett : that Finch and his partner would risk their lives that way.
Beckett : Who are you calling?
UNK: Demming.
Beckett : I was just calling you.
Tom : What a coincidence. I was just coming to see you.
Castle : Wow. It's like we're all on the same case.
Tom : Esposito told me about Ike.
Tom : - You have a lead on him yet? No.
Beckett : We're working on it.
Beckett : What about Finch's partner?
Tom : Ah, there's nothing in his phone or his financials that points to one.
Tom : But the bank surveillance tapes finally came in.
UNK: I was gonna scrub them in the morning.
Tom : If Finch cased the joint in the last couple weeks...
Beckett : Then maybe the mystery partner went with him.
Tom : Exactly. You want to join me?
Beckett : Yeah. Yeah, I'd love to.
Tom : Great. I'll see you in the morning.
Beckett : Okay, great. I'll see you. Good night.
Beckett : Good night.
Tom : Castle, can I ask you something?
Tom : You and Beckett,
Tom : is there something going on?
Castle : - Me and Beckett? - Yeah.
Castle : - No. - Look, man, if I'm offside...
Castle : No flag on the play.
UNK: Great.
Beckett : Okay. Great.
Castle : Don't smile when you have a good card.
Castle : You need to develop a poker face.
Castle : Trust me. It comes in handy.
Castle : Except when it doesn't.
Esposito : What do you mean?
Castle : Never mind.
Castle : Pair of ladies. What have you got?
UNK: Boom!
Alexis : Two cowboys! I win.
Alexis : Who's the daddy now?
Castle : You win like your grandmother.