Tom : Well played, Detective.
Beckett : Thank you, Detective.
Castle : "Well played"? All he did was deny it.
Beckett : You can learn a lot from a denial.
Beckett : Like what?
Tom : Like Racine hasn't found Finch's partner yet.
Castle : Because Racine would never point us in that direction
Castle : if he already knew who or where the partner was.
Tom : He must want this guy pretty bad
Tom : if he's willing to have the cops do his legwork for him.
Castle : How does it help Racine if we find Finch's partner first?
Tom : Racine's connected.
Tom : He'd have no trouble having Finch's partner killed in jail.
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: Hmm.
Beckett : Okay. We'll be right there.
Beckett : Lanie's ready to fume the body.
Beckett : All right, you guys head back to the morgue.
Tom : I'm gonna go see if Finch's financials have come in yet.
UNK: Okay.
Castle : - What? - Nothing.
Castle : That is so cool.
Castle : Do you mind if I take pictures?
Lanie : Knock yourself out.
Lanie : But if any of them end up on the Internet,
Lanie : I will hunt you down and hurt you.
Lanie : So, what's with the handsome robbery detective?
UNK: Demming?
Beckett : Oh, we're just working the case together. That's all.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Lanie : But then again, you have been working with Castle for a year
Lanie : and not a damn thing has happened, so...
Lanie : We had a pool going.
Lanie : I lost a lot of money on you two.
Beckett : Yahtzee. The killer left a print when he closed our victim's eye.
Beckett : Let's run it.
UNK: Huh.
UNK: What?
Lanie : We got a match on the print, but the guy it belongs to is dead.
Beckett : But that's impossible.
Castle : Unless he's a zombie.
Lanie : Not a zombie.
Lanie : A cop.
Beckett : Isaac "Ike" Thornton.
Castle : - Esposito's old partner? - He's alive.
Esposito : I went to his funeral, held his wife's hand.
Esposito : And now you're telling me he's alive and working for Racine?
Esposito : That he murdered Finch?
Beckett : It was the perfect disappearing act.
Beckett : He knew that everyone would think that Racine had killed him
Beckett : and dumped his body somewhere.
UNK: No, I don't see how he could do it. To the badge, to me?
Esposito : I would've taken a bullet for him.
UNK: Esposito.
Montgomery : This is Lieutenant Holliwell from Internal Affairs.
Holliwel : We've met.
Esposito : - You called IA? - No.
UNK: I called them for your protection.
Holliwel : I'm sorry, Detective. I don't really enjoy being proved right.
Esposito : No, of course not.
Castle : I take it you were the investigating officer
Castle : - when Ike Thornton disappeared? - I was.
Beckett : And what put you onto him in the first place?
Holliwel : Racine was always one step ahead of us,
Holliwel : like he always knew what we were thinking.
Holliwel : It didn't take too much to figure out that he was being tipped off by a cop.
Holliwel : Luckily, we had an informant at the time that confirmed it,
Holliwel : but before we were able to arrest Thornton, he disappeared.
Holliwel : Most likely found out that we were coming for him.
Holliwel : When we found his car, we just assumed Racine killed him.
Holliwel : Looks like he brought him into the family instead.
Holliwel : Has Thornton contacted you?
Esposito : What do you mean, contacted me?
Ryan : Whoa. What exactly are you accusing my partner of?
Holliwel : I'm not accusing. I'm asking.
Esposito : Asking what?
Esposito : If I knew all along? If I was part of it?
Esposito : The answer's no.
UNK: Well, such an elaborate hoax,
Holliwel : it seems like it would take a little bit of planning, a little help.
Esposito : I just told you, I didn't know.
Esposito : What do you want me to do, take a poly?
Holliwel : Would you? Take a polygraph test?
Montgomery : - Wait a minute... - lf it'll get you off my back.
Montgomery : Esposito, you don't have to do this.
Esposito : - I want to. - Good.
Holliwel : My office. One hour.