Thatcher : I spent years studying this board.
Thatcher : Holding a crying baby,
Thatcher : trying to get an idea when my wife would get out of surgery.
Thatcher : Appy takes about an hour.
Thatcher : Anything with the word "cardio"
UNK: and I knew not to plan on seeing her at all that day.
Richard : Thatcher. Are you aware of what's going on with Ellis?
Thatcher : You have no right.
Thatcher : No right to talk to me about Ellis.
Richard : I'm sorry. But I was trying to talk to you about Meredith.
Man : Thatcher, Ellis has early onset Alzheimer's.
Richard : It's advanced.
Richard : And it's hard on Meredith, as you can imagine.
Richard : And I thought you'd want to know.
Bailey : Hey, Andrew.
Bailey : It's Dr. Bailey.
Bailey : Remember me? I was in surgery with you.
UNK: I'm... I'm sorry.
Bailey : No, don't worry. Don't worry.
Bailey : A lot of times kids who are awake during surgery don't remember afterwards.
Bailey : Anyway, your operation went really well.
Bailey : We got all that tumor out of there and you're going to be just fine.
UNK: I... I... Thanks.
Derek : OK.
Bailey : You know, I have a son, too.
Bailey : And I'm going home right now
Bailey : to tell him that today I met the best speller in Seattle.
Thatcher : - Oh, hey. Dr. O'Malley. - Hi.
Thatcher : I was looking for you. You're...
Thatcher : Before, when I was asking about Meredith, you know her.
Thatcher : - You're her friend? - I used to be her roommate.
Thatcher : Oh, wow.
Thatcher : - You know her really well. - I know her pretty well.
UNK: Um, she... she came to see me a couple of weeks ago.
MVO : - And... - A couple of weeks ago?
Izzie : Yeah. I... I didn't know what to say to her.
Thatcher : She looks so much... so much like her mother.
Thatcher : Ellis was cold.
Thatcher : I mean, I was a coward. I was... I... I left.
Thatcher : But her mother would never let me know her and...
Thatcher : now I don't know how to know her. Uh...
George : Well, Meredith is anything but cold.
George : She smiles. Not that often, but when she does, uh...
George : you know, because she's been going through a lot...
UNK: but... it's... it's like you feel warm.
George : She's kind.
George : I mean, she can be a little selfish.
George : She can be...
George : She's flawed, but she's kind.
George : She cares about people.
George : And, uh, she cares about...
George : about her patients.
George : I think she's going to be a brilliant surgeon.
George : You know, around here, she's known as the one to beat.
UNK: So, I... I mean, I guess she has that in common with her mom,
UNK: but... I think the rest of her...
George : I think, uh, I think the rest of that she gets from you.
UNK: Do... Do you know... where she is?
George : I think she left already.
George : But I could tell her you were here, if you want me to?
Thatcher : Yeah. OK. Thank you.
Derek : OK.
Derek : - OK. - OK. Bye.
Izzie : Yeah.
Meredith : Thank you, George.
UNK: The hernia is causing the baby's abdominal...
Callie : - Hey. - Hey, still knitting?
Meredith : Oh, yeah. I'm getting so good at it.
Derek : Hmm. I did a craniotomy on a kid today while he was awake.
Meredith : I met a sister I never knew I had.
Meredith : And I saw my father which was, uh...
Meredith : - I don't know what it was. - Hmm. You OK?
Meredith : I have my knitting.
Beatrice : Study hard, keep your grades up.
Beatrice : But starting next year you're going to want to take two AP classes a semester
Beatrice : if you want to get into a decent college.
Amelia : Mom, this is really morbid.
Beatrice : And your Aunt Sue is kind of lazy when it comes to personal hygiene
Beatrice : so you may have to be the one to remind her
Beatrice : when it's time to get your eyebrows waxed or get your hair cut,
Beatrice : but eventually she'll get the routine down.
Amelia : Can we not have this conversation?
Beatrice : This might sound random, but wear underwear with pantyhose.
Beatrice : I know it might feel a little bulky,
Beatrice : but honestly, it's a little slutty not to
Beatrice : and also that's how you get yeast infections.
Amelia : Mom, this is totally gross.
Beatrice : And marry a kind man. One who's nice to his mother.