Adams : I'm putting epilepsy back on the table.
Chase : And I'm taking it off because it doesn't explain losing his teeth.
Taub : The kid's diabetic. The periodontitis could be real but completely unrelated.
UNK: A coincidence? You buying that, House?
House : Until I hear something that takes my mind off
House : the Jurassic schlong that I was traumatized by this afternoon.
Park : I know what's wrong with the patient.
Park : Illegal drugs. Some kind of acid.
Taub : His tox screens were clean.
Park : His apartment wasn't.
Taub : We didn't find any drugs.
Park : Then why am I completely tripping balls right now?
UNK: I am seriously freaking out here, guys.
Park : Can't you tell?
Chase : You pretty much look the same you always do.
House : Take your glasses off.
House : Pupils dilated.
House : Pulse elevated.
UNK: Hallucinating?
Park : I think so.
Park : Because he's a rabbit.
Park : Oh! I get it. Because she's his wife.
Park : They flirt a lot. I've seen things.
UNK: And Taub. Taub is either
Park : a tooth fairy or Rainbow Brite.
Park : And you?
Park : You're just House.
UNK: She ate ice cream and gummy bears at the patient's apartment.
UNK: One of them must have been dosed with it.
House : Go back and find the drugs.
House : You two find out where he bought them
House : and then MRI his brain check for infections, masses and plaques.
Park : Am I gonna die?
House : We'll get back to you on that.
Will : I've been blind since birth.
Will : I thought maybe if I tried LSD, I might, you know...
Will : Colors, a shape.
Will : I just wanted to see something.
Melissa : How many times?
Will : Maybe five or six.
Chase : We need to know where you bought it so we can find out what was in it.
Will : My girlfriend gave it to me.
Adams : I'll find her.
Will : No. Don't.
Will : It wasn't Melissa.
Will : I met someone else.
Adams : When were you planning on telling her that?
Adams : Before or after you ask her to marry you?
Will : The ring isn't for her.
Melissa : We were on a break.
Will : She wanted me to see what else was out there and I did.
Will : I was gonna tell her the other night,
Will : but I ended up here instead.
Chase : We just need to talk to the one who supplied the drugs.
Will : She's on vacation with her parents.
Will : This is her cell.
Will : I don't want her to know I'm in the hospital She'll only freak out.
Adams : That's very considerate of you.
Will : You think this is easy for me?
Will : I know I have to tell Melissa.
UNK: Then what's stopping you?
Will : She's still one of my best friends.
Will : And I don't want to be alone in here.
Wilson : You seen your mother yet?
House : She's not dying.
House : She was having sex with my father.
House : Ignore her. She's on acid.
Wilson : Your father's dead, House.