Adams : What he's doing now to that girl isn't fair.
Will : The break was her idea.
Adams : And now she thinks they're back together.
Chase : He's a scared, sick blind kid who doesn't want to be alone.
Chase : You really don't get that?
Adams : I do. But...
Chase : What is it?
Adams : Not good news for him. Or Park.
Adams : Where's Park?
House : Wilson's babysitting her.
House : Talking about the fact that she could have permanent brain damage
House : might bum her trip out a little bit.
Chase : Dark spot doesn't necessarily equal brain damage.
Chase : It could be a congenital malformation connected with his blindness or a tumor.
House : A clot.
Chase : Exactly. We need to do another scan, then inject dye...
UNK: I said a clot,
UNK: not or a clot.
House : It's a clot. Cerebral venous sinus thrombosis.
UNK: That'd be good news for Park,
UNK: but I've never seen one present this large before.
Taub : It fits. When it was smaller,
Taub : it caused his initial disorientation and hallucinations.
Taub : As it grew larger, the seizures.
Chase : If left untreated, it leads to cerebral edema and death,
Chase : but what causes that and tooth loss?
Adams : Any hyper-coagulable state. Lupus?
House : I counter your lupus with Behcet's syndrome.
Taub : No. He doesn't have any of the earlier symptoms,
Taub : color blindness, abnormal visual fields or...
Taub : We've been ignoring his eyes because he's blind.
House : If he wasn't before, he would be by now.
UNK: Confirm with an eye exam and start treatment with heparin for the clot.
House : Interferon and steroids for the Behcet's.
Park : Give me back my teeth!
Wilson : Park, listen. Park!
Park : You're a tooth thief!
Wilson : No, no, no, stop it! Stop it!
Wilson : Back on the couch!
Park : What are you doing to this poor girl?
Wilson : It's not what it looks like. She's...
Wilson : She's tripping on acid.
Thomas : Good Lord, man. That's no way to treat a bad trip.
Thomas : Put the chair down. You'll end up hurting the poor wee thing.
UNK: Hello, darling.
Thomas : I'm Thomas and this beautiful creature here is Blythe.
Thomas : Is there anything we can do to help you?
Park : That rabbit stole my teeth.
Thomas : Of course, he did. But I'll tell you what he's done.
Thomas : He's put them back again and they're twice as nice as they used to be.
Thomas : You can feel them if you like.
UNK: See?
Thomas : Now why don't we sit on this nice, comfy couch,
Thomas : have a nice cool drink and talk all about it? Would you like that?
Blythe : He's had some experience with things like this back in the day.
Thomas : As I recall, both of us'
UNK: Ah! Not the time or the place, dear.
UNK: See? There you go.
Wilson : There's no way that guy's related to you.
Chase : There's fresh scarring and swelling in both fundi and a bleed on the left.
Chase : House was right.
Chase : It's Behcet's syndrome.
Will : Give it to me straight, Doc.
Will : Am I ever gonna see again?
Chase : That's a little out of our jurisdiction.
Chase : We need to wrap a dressing over your eyes to keep the light out.
Will : Not really a problem for me.
Chase : You might not see it but your tissue does.
Chase : It'll also help with the swelling.
Chase : I'll leave you in Dr. Adams' capable hands.
Will : You think I'm an ass, don't you?
Will : I can tell by your breathing.
Will : Either you're angry or fat.
Adams : I think it's unfair that you're leading on a woman
Adams : who obviously loves and cares about you.
Will : I love and care about her, too,
Will : but we just don't work together as a couple.
Adams : You need to tell her that.
Will : I'm going to,
Will : but I just want to do it the right way.