UNK: And not moving air. I think he's choking on something.
UNK: Blood, but I don't see any blockage.
Taub : Help me move him.
Adams : Just relax and breathe.
Will : What are these?
Taub : Three teeth detached from his jaw bone and lodged in his throat.
Taub : He almost choked to death on them.
Chase : Environmental? Could be heavy metal poisoning or radiation exposure.
Taub : Then he wouldn't be the only one.
Taub : He's an accountant who works on the same floor with 50 other people.
Park : Maybe his girlfriend poisoned him.
Park : House usually thinks that's a good guess.
Park : And she's gotta be pissed off and have low self-esteem.
Park : Why else would she give him a free pass to pork other women?
Adams : Where are you now?
UNK: You expect an actual answer this time?
Chase : An oral infection doesn't explain
Chase : his disorientation and auditory hallucinations.
Taub : It could progress to a systemic disease.
Taub : The bacteria spread and affect other organs.
Park : He has fake children now, too?
Dominika : You think I'm not good enough for your mother.
House : Not in front of the kids, honey.
House : Add a couple of flies, toss in a dead goat or two and we might have a winner.
UNK: Is she gone? Yeah.
Wilson : We really need to talk.
UNK: Okay.
House : Crayons down. Line up if you want to get paid.
House : It's the only time I ever successfully lied to my mom.
UNK: Is with elaborate preparations and props.
House : Hey, hey, hey...
House : I said no Transformers, slick.
House : Stay here until the coast is clear.
UNK: Fine.
UNK: But you sleep on couch tonight.
UNK: You're sleeping with her now?
House : Just in case an INS guy comes in through the window.
House : Yeah, she didn't buy it either.
Wilson : You need to talk to your mother.
House : When I'm ready.
UNK: I still need to get a fake passport,
House : doctored photos, maybe a case of AIDS.
Wilson : She's sick, House.
House : Did she say that?
Wilson : She was wearing a hospital admission bracelet
Wilson : and carrying around a book on dealing with terminal cancer.
Wilson : I'm sorry.
Wilson : She's staying at the Grand for the next three days.
Park : The antibiotics will stop the infection from spreading further.
Taub : And I'll spare you the lecture you'll get from the periodontist tomorrow