UNK: -Thanks for the tasty dinner. -You're welcome for a tasty dinner.
Phoebe : What are you guys looking at?
Chandler : Ross and the most beautiful girl in the world.
Phoebe : Yeah, come to Papa!
Ross : I know!
Monica : Probably the only time I'll say this...
Monica : ...but did you see the ass on her?
Rachel : What did you...? When did you...?
Chandler : How did you...? How did you get a girl like that?
UNK: So what is she, like a spokesmodel? An aerobics instructor?
Ross : Actually, she's a paleontology doctoral candidate...
UNK: ...specializing in the Cenozoic Era.
Chandler : But that's, like, the easiest era.
Ross : I've seen her at work, but I always figured...
Ross : But I made her dinner.
Ross : We had a great time. And we're going out again tomorrow.
UNK: Maybe her friends are betting to see who gets the biggest geek.
Ross : Fine by me. Hope she wins.
UNK: Hey, we should have a contest. Yeah.
Rachel : See who can bring home the most beautiful woman.
UNK: That's a good idea, Joe. We could call it life.
UNK: You have any wrapping paper?
Phoebe : Is it for my birthday present?
UNK: It was your birthday months ago.
Phoebe : You said you ordered something special and it just hadn't come yet.
Chandler : I have a call in about that.
UNK: It's for Kathy. It's an early copy of her favorite book.
Rachel : The Velveteen Rabbit!
Rachel : When the boy's love makes the rabbit real...
Chandler : Don't touch it because your fingers have destructive oils.
Rachel : Then you'd better keep it away from Ross' hair.
Rachel : This is pretty rare. How did you get that?
UNK: No big deal. I just went to some bookstores...
UNK: ...talked to some dealers, called some of the author's grandchildren.
Rachel : Honey, that's so sweet.
Phoebe : What a great way to say, "I secretly love you, roommate's girlfriend."
Chandler : It doesn't say that.
Chandler : Does it?
UNK: How will it look when you get her something incredibly meaningful...
Ross : ...and expensive, and her boyfriend, Joey, gives her an orange?
UNK: I'll make sure Joey gets her something really great.
UNK: It's got to be better than that book.
Phoebe : Like a crossbow!
Monica : Once again, I am sorry.
Monica : Thank you. Bye.
UNK: I had to turn down a job catering a funeral for 60 people.
Rachel : Oh, my God! What happened?
Monica : Sixty guests.
UNK: Why'd you have to turn it down?
Monica : I don't have the money or equipment...
Monica : ...to handle something that big on such short notice.
Phoebe : Wow, what is with all the negativity?
UNK: You sound like "Moni-can't," not "Moni-can"!
UNK: Moni-ca.
UNK: You've been playing around with this catering for years.
Phoebe : -Do you want to be a caterer? -I don't know.
Phoebe : There you go! That's the spirit!
Phoebe : If you need money, I will lend you money. Just get moving!
UNK: Really? I'd need $500 for all the food and supplies.
Phoebe : It's worth it if it'll get you moving. You haven't worked in months!
UNK: -Neither have you. -Yes, but I'm doing this.
Monica : That would be great! Thank you.
UNK: -Can I borrow your apartment keys? -Why?
Joey : You can pee here.