Castle : When you ran into this room.
Castle : Even though we all suspected it would be booby-trapped.
Beckett : And when you pulled that lever, you didn't even hesitate.
Castle : Same way you didn't hesitate when Simon pulled the trigger.
Castle : You weren't afraid.
Castle : And not because you're a minister with faith,
Castle : but because you're a mastermind
Castle : with the knowledge that the gun was rigged to fire backwards.
Todd : Not like this one.
Todd : Let's finish the experiment.
UNK: One ofyou has to die. Those are the rules.
Beckett : Why are you doing this?
Todd : That's the same question I asked my parents
Todd : when they would rip me away from my twin sister.
Todd : Testing us, over and over, day after day.
Castle : Look, no one should be treated the way you and your sister were.
Beckett : - Let us help you. - Help me?
UNK: You? why, 'cause you're a cop?
Todd : I talked to a cop once when I was a kid.
Rose : You know what happened?
Todd : He sent over two officers from the 12th Precinct, your precinct.
Todd : They talked to my parents for five minutes, then walked away!
Castle : I'm sorry.
Todd : Not as sorry as my sister was.
Todd : My parents ordered more isolation.
Todd : More tests.
Castle : So you're holding Beckett responsible?
Castle : She was a child when that happened.
Castle : Why are you punishing her?
Todd : This isn't punishment.
Todd : This is science.
Beckett : Patricia is a psychiatrist on the Board of Education.
Beckett : Did someone there Iet you and your sister down?
Todd : Kate, everyone let us down.
Beckett : So we're all surrogates for people that weren't able to protect you two.
Castle : But you were careful to choose people who love each other.
Castle : Because you loved your sister.
UNK: She was your soul mate.
UNK: Now one ofyou has to feel what I feel.
UNK: Then why did you choose Emma?
Todd : She wanted to expose my parents! That's not enough!
UNK: Just some video tapes of some kids doing puzzles? That's nothing!
Todd : A blip in the news cycle.
UNK: But when one ofyou goes free,
Todd : and tells how I killed your one true love and myself,
Todd : only then will the world truly understand the monster my parents created.
Todd : No more talking.
Todd : Time to solve the final puzzle.
UNK: Which one ofyou dies?
Beckett : I won't choose.
Castle : Neither will I.
Todd : Decide, or I'll start maiming you till someone does.
Martha : Okay, okay.
Castle : I'll choose.
Castle : I'll decide.
Todd : Good. who dies, Rick?
Castle : No one dies.
Beckett : Don't move.
Esposito : You guys okay?
Beckett : Yeah, thanks for rescuing us.
Hayley : Yes, because clearly you were helpless without us.
UNK: How'd you guys even find us?
Ryan : Well, we had our best person on it.
Alexis : I can't leave you alone for five minutes.
Castle : Does this mean no hug?
UNK: Hey, I'm heading out for a bit offun. Wanna come with?
Alexis : I'll pass, thanks.
Beckett : How're you doing?
Hayley : You worry a lot about your father.
Alexis : You would, too, if Richard Castle was your dad.
UNK: I mean, the guy is abducted, like, what, twice a year?
Alexis : I think that's a tad above the national average.
Hayley : Yet he always comes home. Do you know why that is?
Alexis : Yeah, he's really lucky.
UNK: No.
Hayley : He's really good at what he does.
Alexis : Is he as good as you?
Hayley : Good heavens, no! Why would you ask such a thing?
UNK: AII right, we're gonna get you dolled up,
UNK: we're gonna go out to some clubs,
UNK: we're gonna get into just a tiny little bit oftrouble.
Hayley : Never hurt anyone, come on.
Beckett : You okay?
Beckett : Yeah, I was just thinking about those little kids.
Beckett : I mean, a lot of people let them down.
Castle : And although their parents are finally being exposed,
Castle : - it's far too little, too late. - Mmm.
UNK: This is not the day that I was expecting when I woke up this morning.
Castle : Tell me about it.
UNK: But at least it's ending well.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : - What's wrong? - Nothing.
Castle : I was really looking forward
Castle : to the prospect of collaborating with Stephen King, you know.
Beckett : Well, you know, Castle, Iook on the bright side.
Beckett : When Stephen King does call,
Beckett : at least you'll have one hell of an ice-breaker.