Castle : Look around, guys, look around. Look around.
Simon : What are we looking for?
Castle : Something around here.
UNK: "2 will cure." what does that mean?
Simon : Is it another injector?
UNK: - "1 will kill." - Is it a needle?
Judah : Hey, guys! Found something.
UNK: "2 will cure."
UNK: Hang in there, buddy. This is number 2.
UNK: We just gotta give him number 2.
UNK: Wait. No, no. wait, wait. Something's not right.
UNK: Um, it's too easy, "2", uh...
Judah : But that's what the clue said. "2 will cure."
UNK: what ifthat means a combination oftwo vials makes the antidote?
Simon : What are you talking about?
Castle : Well, clearly we can't take any of these clues for granted.
UNK: "Time has run out." what does that mean?
UNK: Look at the clock. That clock has stopped.
UNK: Which is "time has run out," and the hands are at "1" and "3".
UNK: So what ifthe antidote
UNK: is 1 and 3 vials combined?
Simon : Oh, man.
Jennifer : I don't know.
Martha : Whoa, whoa.
Judah : You sure about this?
Simon : Oh, thank God!
UNK: You all right? Just breathe. Breathe.
Buckley : Okay, why the hell am I here?
Esposito : Well, Mr. Buckley, we understand that
Esposito : you had some issues with Emma Matthews.
Buckley : I don't know what you're talking about.
Buckley : I liked Emma. It's a real shame what happened to her.
Ryan : Yeah, we're sure you're heartbroken.
Ryan : Especially after she supposedly lied
Ryan : to beat you out of that big promotion at work.
Esposito : And now that Emma's dead, that newjob is yours for the taking.
Buckley : Whoa. Hold on.
Buckley : I may not be shedding tears over Emma's demise, but I didn't kill her.
Ryan : You own a white Ram 350 van, don't you, Mr. Buckley?
Buckley : Yeah, so?
Ryan : So, a van matching that description was seen outside Emma's place
Ryan : during the time she was murdered.
Esposito : Where were you between 9 : 00 and 11 : 00 last night?
Buckley : At O'Malley's Pub in Brooklyn. And my van was parked right out front.
Buckley : Ask anyone there.
Esposito : We will, and it better check out.
Buckley : And just so you guys know,
Buckley : Emma did lie about me to get that promotion.
Buckley : That chick lied all the time.
Simon : What are you talking about?
Buckley : Just yesterday I caught her in the edit bay digitizing old VHS tapes.
UNK: Emma said it was prooffor a story.
Buckley : But I know all the stories she was working on,
Buckley : and those videos had nothing to do with any of them.
UNK: Didn't Emma's co-worker say she just stumbled on some sort of proof?
Esposito : Buckley, what was on those tapes?
Buckley : They were weird home videos of a couple kids sitting around,
Buckley : wearing these strange medallions.
Esposito : Strange, how?
Buckley : I don't know. They had round symbols.
Ryan : Did they look anything like this?
Buckley : Yeah, exactly like that.
Ryan : Are there copies of these VHS tapes she was digitizing?
UNK: Yeah.
Buckley : The system automatically archives the raw footage to the server for backup.
UNK: Hey, how you feeling?
Todd : Better. Thanks for saving me.
UNK: Oh.
Todd : Hey, I don't even know your name.
Castle : That's right, we haven't done proper introductions. I'm Rick.
UNK: Todd.
Simon : - Yeah. My name's Simon. - Judah.
UNK: Well, gentlemen, um, clearly we were all brought here for a reason.
UNK: Maybe ifwe can figure out what it is, it'll be our way out.
Todd : Okay, how do we do that?
Castle : Well, we must have some sort of connection to each other.
UNK: Yeah, but I've never seen any ofyou guys in my life ever.
Castle : Right. But it may be some connection we're not yet aware of. Um...
Castle : I'm a mystery writer. What do you guys do for a living?
UNK: - Uh, I'm a third-grade teacher. - I'm a minister.
Judah : I own a boxing gym.
Castle : Okay, all right, no connection there.
UNK: But, uh, where are you from? I'm born and raised in New York City...
Judah : Hey, mystery writer, no one cares why we're here.
Judah : We only care about getting out.
Simon : - I'm with him. - Yeah, me too.
Todd : There's gotta be something in here we can use to escape.
UNK: Uh, you know what? Judah, the last time we broke something, Todd nearly died.
Judah : Hey, pal, I'm not the one who injected him with poison, okay?