Beckett : They must have been abducted first
Beckett : and then their phones were used to text us.
Simon : But why?
Beckett : More importantly, who's that fourth man?
UNK: Alexis Castle : - What? - MEADOw : Yeah.
Meadow : There were four guys on that screen, but only three of us.
Patty : What happened to the woman that was supposed to be in that chair?
Beckett : - What is that on your neck? - What?
MEADOw : what is it?
Patty : - You have one, too. - MEADOw : what about me?
UNK: No.
Meadow : Well, is that a good thing or a bad thing?
Beckett : I don't know, but the important thing here is to stay calm.
Meadow : Screw calm! I say we break that glass and hack our way out of here.
Beckett : No, that's not a good idea.
UNK: Tough. Ifthis isn't an emergency, I don't know what is.
Beckett : Look, whoever is behind this
Beckett : isn't stupid enough to leave something that we can use to go free,
Beckett : which means that's a trap.
Beckett : Now, let's just finish this puzzle and see what happens.
Meadow : Fine. Knock yourself out.
Patty : Something about this feels familiar.
Beckett : What do you mean?
UNK: The identical rooms, the tasks.
Patty : In grad school, I read a case study
Patty : that examined separation anxiety in stressful situations.
Meadow : Well, this certainly is stressful.
UNK: Oh.
Simon : Thank God.
Beckett : What are you doing?
Meadow : Having a smoke. I think I've earned it.
UNK: No!
Beckett : I told you. You can't trust anything in this place. This could kill you.
UNK: It's a cigarette. It's definitely going to kill me eventually.
Meadow : What the hell is that?
Beckett : It smells like peanuts.
Todd : I'm allergic.
Patty : Looks like Captain Beckett just saved your life.
Patty : So how about you start being a team player?
Beckett : I need you to tell me everything you can about this study.
UNK: What the hell is my wife doing here? And yours?
Judah : They must be leverage.
Judah : To make us follow the rules, or else they get hurt.
Castle : Or maybe we're the leverage.
Judah : What about Todd? He didn't have anyone in that room.
Simon : He's a priest. They're celibate.
Todd : I'm a minister. The rules are different.
Simon : So is there a Mrs. Minister that's not in there?
Todd : No. But that doesn't mean there aren't people I care about.
Todd : If something happened to one of them...
Castle : Look, we don't know enough for you to be worried about that, okay?
Simon : Hell, being locked in this room with a loaded gun
Simon : and instructions to kill one another is plenty to be worried about.
UNK: We're not gonna do that.
Castle : What we should be doing is figuring out why the hell we're here.
Judah : And why are some of us marked with this symbol and others aren't?
Castle : Did you see the symbol on any of the women?
Judah : I saw something on Patricia's neck, but I don't have one.
Castle : - What about your wife? - No.
Castle : - You're sure? - I didn't take my eyes off of her.
Castle : So she doesn't have one, but you do.
Castle : Following that pattern, Beckett must have one because I don't.
Simon : Meaning what?
UNK: Well, what ifthe people with the symbol are the important ones,
Castle : and the rest of us are leverage?
Hayley : There he is.
Alexis : What's he doing in there?
Alexis : Wait. what's going on with that van?
Alexis : Uh, what the hell just happened?
Alexis : Was that my dad?
UNK: So, Buckley sent over those tapes that Emma was digitizing.
UNK: And?
UNK: Well, he's right. It's, uh, weird.
Esposito : What are they doing?
Ryan : Solving puzzles.
Ryan : For hours.
UNK: And they're wearing the symbol, just like Buckley said.
Esposito : Could that little girl be Emma?
Ryan : It's possible.
Ryan : Based on clothing and picture quality,
Ryan : the lab thinks that the tape is at least 20 years old.
Esposito : If it is Emma, then who's that little boy?
Esposito : And what do these videos have to do with her murder?
Girl : I'm scared.
UNK: I don't wanna play this game anymore.
UNK: Please, letme out.
UNK: Yo.
Alexis : Dad's missing, and we can't reach Beckett's cell.
Esposito : Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on, hold on.
Esposito : Beckett's at a forensics conference, Alexis.
Alexis : No, she never showed.
Hayley : Rick was lured into an empty building this morning.
Hayley : I hacked a nearby street camera and got footage of a white van fleeing the scene.
Esposito : Neighbors saw a white van in front of Emma's building.
Alexis : Who's Emma?
UNK: A murder victim.
UNK: We think her killer might have been driving a rusty white van.