Castle : That's exactly my point.
Castle : Rummaging around may inadvertently activate another deadly trap.
UNK: - We've gotta do something. - Agreed.
Castle : So let's be smart about it.
UNK: Um...
Castle : The cryptex, it led us to the poison, and the poison led us to the antidote.
Simon : Yeah, but there was no clue on the antidote.
Castle : The clock was part of that solution.
Castle : Maybe it holds the next clue.
UNK: "The key will release you."
Castle : But what key?
UNK: Hayley Shipton : Alexis, where is your father?
Alexis : He's not with you?
Hayley : If he were, would I be asking you where he is?
UNK: Meow.
Hayley : Okay. Sorry, sorry. I don't mean to get so bitchy.
Hayley : It's just that your father blew off that meeting I set up with potential clients.
Alexis : He had an impromptu get-together this morning with Stephen King.
Alexis : Maybe he's still there.
Hayley : Do you have King's number?
Alexis : No, but his assistant called my dad's cell,
Alexis : which is linked to the office computer.
Alexis : Okay. Here's his call log. Got it.
UNK: It's disconnected. I must've misdialed.
Alexis : Something's wrong.
UNK: There's a new tweet from Stephen King.
UNK: "Watch me live on Australia's 7PM Project in 20 minutes."
Alexis : If Stephen King is in Australia, where's my dad?
UNK: "The key will release you." But what key?
Simon : - Maybe it's a metaphor. - Maybe you're an idiot.
Judah : Now, will you please shut up so the grown-ups can think?
Castle : Guys, the bickering is not going to help us.
Todd : Maybe there's something in this room that's shaped like this keyhole.
UNK: Yeah, I know I've seen that shape before.
UNK: Boys, we're getting out of here.
Judah : Oh, come on.
UNK: "The last one standing will be freed."
Castle : Three bullets, four of us.
Simon : So what,
Simon : whoever kills the others goes free?
Judah : Give me the gun, Rick.
Simon : No, no, no, I want the gun!
Beckett : - Hey... - Both ofyou, stop!
Castle : Stop it.
UNK: If you don't, whoever's behind this wins. Don't you see?
Castle : Don't you see? We're powerless in here.
Castle : No, we're not.
Castle : We have the power not to play.
Castle : You hear that? we're not going to play your sick little game anymore.
Castle : You lose!
Castle : It's another room.
Castle : It's identical to this one.
Simon : Meadow. what's my wife doing in there?
Judah : That's my girlfriend, Patty.
UNK: Beckett.
MEADOw : Looks exactly the same.
Patty : Everything's the same.
Beckett : Castle, do you hear me? Castle? Castle?
Meadow : That was my husband, Simon.
Patty : And my boyfriend.
Beckett : Which explains the texts that they used to lure us here.