Castle : Guess who's about to have the best day ever?
Martha : Could it be the fellow who just interrupted us,
UNK: rather rudely, with "booyah"?
UNK: Alexis Castle : What's going on, Dad?
Castle : I'm sorry. I can't tell you. I'm sworn to secrecy.
UNK: Okay. Anyway, so my psych professor said...
UNK: Yeah.
Alexis : Fear is an emotion, which it is, but then I...
UNK: You don't even try to pry the secret out of me?
Martha : Darling, we are right in the middle of something here.
UNK: So ifyou'll just wait for a moment, we will give you our full attention, okay?
UNK: Okay. what is it, darling?
UNK: Gram, you know he's just gonna keep pouting until he gets his way.
Alexis : Dad, just tell us your secret.
Castle : - Okay. But only because you insisted. - Okay.
Castle : I just got off the phone with the personal assistant of none other than
Castle : Stephen King.
UNK: Whoa!
UNK: He's in town visiting his New York apartment,
Castle : has called to see if I'm available for a meeting to talk about a,
Castle : dramatic pause,
Castle : - collaboration. - Ooh!
Alexis : Hold on. Isn't he still mad about the thing?
Martha : What thing?
Alexis : The baseball thing. See, Stephen King is a huge Red Sox fan, and Dad...
UNK: Oh, and your father is a Yankees fan. Oh, no, Richard, what did you do?
UNK: It was a sillyjoke.
UNK: - Mmm. More like a thinly veiled threat. - Ah.
UNK: Tomayto, tomahto.
Castle : Obviously, it's water under the bridge,
Castle : because he wants to talk about collaborating on a project.
UNK: "Richard Castle and Stephen King present."
Castle : wish me luck, ladies.
UNK: Darling, ifyou think you're going to get top billing over Stephen King,
Martha : you're going to need more than luck.
UNK: Kate Beckett : - Good morning. - Good morning.
UNK: Mornin', Captain.
UNK: Hey, Lanie, how you doing?
UNK: Lanie Parish : A heck of a lot better than our victim here.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Name is Emma Matthews, 34 years old.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Single GSw to the upper back.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Through and through. Here's our exit wound.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Based on lividity, I'm placing the time of death
UNK: between 9 : 00 and 11 : 00 last night.
Beckett : And the neighbors didn't hear a gunshot?
Ryan : No, the music was turned up too loud,
UNK: but a neighbor next door said he saw a rusty white van parked outside
UNK: near the time-of-death window.
Ryan : Didn't get a plate though.
Beckett : Does Emma have a roommate?
UNK: No. She lives alone.
Esposito : But we've, uh, notified next of kin,
Esposito : and we've got a list of her friends and co-workers.
Ryan : Emma was a television producer at Channel Eight News.
Ryan : Some of her co-workers are going to meet us back at the precinct.
UNK: And what's with the artwork?
Esposito : Not sure yet, but we think that our killer may have drawn it.
UNK: AII right. Check with the FBI,
UNK: see ifthe MO or this symbol matches anything in their database.
Castle : Hey, Beckett.
Beckett : So how's the meeting going? Is Stephen still mad at you?
Castle : I just got here. And if he's not still mad at me,
Castle : he will be when I tell him to fire his real-estate agent.
UNK: Hey, hey! Be nice.
UNK: What, to Stephen, or to the team of rats who came to welcome me at the door?
UNK: AII right, I gotta go. I love you.
Castle : Stephen, is that you?
UNK: Oh.
Castle : I get it. Very funny.
Castle : Yeah, Yankees are still the best team...
Beckett : Hey, Ryan, anything from the FBI?
Ryan : No. The symbol's not in their database. Neither is our killer's MO.
Beckett : And what about the white rusty van outside of Emma's apartment?
Beckett : You guys track it down?
Ryan : No traffic cams on her block, so, so far, it's not looking good.
Esposito : Hey, guys, these are Emma's co-workers.
Esposito : This is Lila Campo and Jennifer Perez.
Esposito : This is my partner Detective Ryan, and our boss Captain Beckett.
Beckett : I'm sorry about your loss.
UNK: Lila Campo : Thank you, Captain. We are still in shock.
UNK: - We're gonna talk over here. - Mmm-hmm.
UNK: Follow me, please.
Beckett : Ryan, I'm going to be at the forensic technology seminar all afternoon,
Beckett : so just text me if anything comes up, okay?
UNK: - Yeah, you got it, Cap. - Thanks.
UNK: Jennifer Perez : Oh, my God, is that Emma's blood?
Ryan : Yeah, I'm afraid so.
Ryan : Do you recognize the symbol drawn in the mirror?
Jennifer : I've never seen it before.
Lila : Neither have I.
Jennifer : I just can't believe this. Emma was the sweetest person in the world.
Jennifer : I mean, she was kind, she was outgoing.
Jennifer : Though she had been acting a little strange lately.
Esposito : Strange, how?
Jennifer : Well, Emma had just gotten a promotion to produce the 11 : 00 news.
Lila : Which was a huge deal for her.
Jennifer : Exactly. Yet all this week, she was acting kind of... I don't know.
Castle : - Off. - Yeah.
Esposito : Well, any idea why?
Jennifer : Well, Emma confided in me
Jennifer : that she had gotten her hands on some kind of proof.
UNK: Uh, proof ofwhat?
Jennifer : She said that she couldn't tell me.
Jennifer : At least not until after the time was right, whatever that meant.
UNK: Do either ofyou know if Emma was having personal problems with anyone?
Esposito : Anyone at work? In her personal life?
Jennifer : Not that I know of.
Lila : Well, there's Buckley.
UNK: Yeah, but everybody in the newsroom has problems with Buckley.
Esposito : - Who's Buckley? - Another producer at the station.
UNK: He had seniority over Emma, but she beat him out for that promotion.
Lila : And Buckley was pissed.
UNK: Yeah. He even claimed that she made up lies about him just to get the job.
Lila : But I can't imagine he would kill her for that.
Ryan : By any chance, does Buckley drive a white van?
Lila : Yeah, he does.