Beckett : If the clue is right, this must be the key.
Meadow : I take back every bad thing I've been thinking about you.
Beckett : Yeah? well, thank you.
Patty : Just another mind game.
UNK: "The last one standing will be freed."
Beckett : Two bullets.
Patty : And three of us.
UNK: Clearly, our captor is trying to turn us against each other.
Patty : What kind of sick new test is this?
Jennifer : I don't know, but it seems a little unsophisticated.
Patty : Meadow, what are you doing?
Meadow : It's called survival of the fittest.
Castle : Just more concrete.
Castle : Which falls into the "to be expected" column.
Martha : Oh, no.
Simon : Sorry, boys. My wife's got the right idea.
Patty : Meadow, you don't have to do this.
Meadow : Look, it's nothing personal.
Beckett : Give me the gun, Meadow.
UNK: Shooting us isn't gonna get you out of here any faster.
Meadow : Sorry, but it's you or me.
UNK: Aah!
UNK: Simon,
Beckett : shooting us is not gonna get that door open.
Simon : You don't know that.
Simon : The note says only one will survive. I need to make sure it's me.
Todd : Don't go down this path.
Simon : Sorry, preacher.
Todd : He's dead.
UNK: The barrel is sealed. This gun's as rigged as this room.
Beckett : This'll have to do until I get you into real handcuffs.
Judah : Come on. Can't we work something out?
Patty : You tried to kill us. If she hadn't taken the bullets out, you would have.
Meadow : I wasn't myself. It was fight or flight. Pure animal instinct.
Meadow : No. Simon.
Beckett : I'm so sorry.
Meadow : Save it. Your husband killed him.
Beckett : We don't know that.
MEADOw : Get away from me.
UNK: What are we gonna do?
Patty : This is all a game to our captor. We're being manipulated.
UNK: We're gonna change the rules.
Esposito : Just give me a call whenever you hear something.
Ryan : Hey! I got something.
Ryan : Vikram scrubbed the footage.
UNK: He found the name Northcliffwritten on the bottom of one of the puzzles.
Ryan : Now, when Emma was a teenager, she walked dogs for a pair of psychiatrists.
UNK: Geoffrey and Samantha Northcliff.
Esposito : - This is good. - Yeah, and it gets better.
UNK: There was a break-in at the Northcliffs' apartment
Ryan : the night before Emma was murdered.