Ryan : According to the police report, only personal property was taken.
Esposito : The VHS tapes. She must have broken in to steal them.
Simon : But why?
Esposito : - Let's ask the Northcliffs. - I can't find them.
UNK: But I've got their secretary in the box right now.
UNK: AII right.
Rose : So much tragedy.
UNK: I hadn't seen Emma since she was a teenager.
Rose : And then I ran into her Iast week at Fay's funeral.
Esposito : Whose funeral?
UNK: Fay Northcliff. Geoffrey and Samantha's daughter.
Buckley : What happened to her?
Rose : She hung herself. The poor girl.
Ryan : Did she have any siblings?
Rose : Yes. A twin brother, Brandon.
Ryan : And are these the twins, right here?
UNK: Yes.
UNK: Twenty-five years ago,
Ryan : the Northcliffs did groundbreaking research
Esposito : on separation anxiety in children.
Ryan : But there were rumors of unethical behavior.
Ryan : And they were involved in some pretty fringe behavioral science.
Esposito : Did the Northcliffs use their own children as test subjects?
Rose : I wouldn't know anything about that.
Ryan : Emma's dead, Rose.
UNK: And if she broke into the Northcliffs' apartment to steal those tapes,
Ryan : then she was planning to expose them.
UNK: It's possible that the Northcliffs killed her to keep that secret.
UNK: And ifyou don't want to be charged as an accessory,
Esposito : you better come clean right now.
Rose : You have to believe me.
Rose : I didn't know the experiments were doing harm to those children.
Rose : Time has proven otherwise.
Rose : Brandon fled the country, became a recluse.
Rose : Poor Fay. You know what happened to her.
Ryan : Do you have any idea where the Northcliffs might be right now?
Rose : No. I haven't seen them since yesterday. I swear to you.
UNK: Guys.
UNK: Hayley ID'd the van.
Hayley : It's registered to a professional corporation
Hayley : owned by somebody named Geoffrey Northcliff.
Ryan : He and his wife are our prime suspects.
Esposito : Did you get an address off the registration?
Hayley : Yes. It's a secluded property outside Hartsdale.
Ryan : That could be where they're holding Castle and Beckett.
Ryan : - Let's go. - Yeah.
UNK: This is not gonna happen. We need to work smarter.