UNK: Talk to the captain!
Meredith : OK. I want you to stay right here, OK?
Meredith : - Stay right here. - No!
Meredith : Did you wet your pants? That's OK. It happens sometimes.
UNK: - Coming through! - We need a wreck team down on the dock.
UNK: I'll find out where we're going.
Derek : This doesn't make sense.
Derek : Ferry boats don't get in accidents. They're safe. They're reliable.
Derek : The moment you take one for granted, along comes a container ship and boom.
UNK: I have a thing for ferry boats.
Burke : Reschedule Swanson's valve replacement.
UNK: We're going to need the OR for the incoming for the ferry accident.
Derek : - OK. - This whole day has just been...
UNK: Something's wrong with Meredith.
Derek : I asked her what's wrong, she says nothing.
Derek : She tries to drown herself in the tub.
UNK: Not actually drown, I don't think, but something was going on.
Derek : She will not talk about it.
Derek : I mean, we were fine, now it's like... I'm living with a ghost.
Burke : - You're confiding in me. - Yes.
Burke : - Cristina and I are engaged. - Congratulations.
UNK: She doesn't want to tell anyone.
Burke : Not until she tells Meredith first.
Derek : Yeah. They're different than other women.
UNK: Yes, these women? Yes, they are.
UNK: Maybe we'll never really know them.
UNK: Now you're engaged, you have a lot of work to do.
Callie : Right.
Mark : You and Yang are getting hitched?
Burke : There's a mass casualty incident rolling in.
Derek : Probably be some burn victims. You should be prepared.
Callie : Oh!
UNK: Sydney, I thought I could take a few patients off your hands.
Sydney : I appreciate the gesture, Dr. Callie O'Malley.
UNK: But the chief asked me to roll the non-emergent ER cases into the clinic
Sydney : and take care of them. I triaged these patients
UNK: and so far it looks like a sore throat, a sprain and a tummy ache. Easy breezy.
Sydney : - So the clinic and I are fine. - OK.
Callie : I'm not, uh, trying to take the clinic, Bailey's clinic, away from you.
UNK: I'm offering to help.
UNK: Your offer to help is duly noted and much appreciated, but I promise you,
UNK: I got it all under control. Jason Kaye?
UNK: - Yeah? - Fine. I'll leave you to it.
Callie : And find myself a recently traumatized emergency surgery to scrub in on
Callie : while you stay down here
Callie : with your sore throat and your sprain, and what was the other one?
Sydney : - Tummy ache. - Whoo!
UNK: Jason Kaye?
UNK: Let's clear a path! Ambulance 15. Search and Rescue.
UNK: - I got it! - Check those pliers.
UNK: Are you a nurse? Doctor? Or a medical something?
Izzie : - I'm a doctor, but... - Come with me.
Izzie : You need to get checked. There's a treatment area.
Vince : - Follow me. - You've got some bad burns.
Izzie : - They need to be treated. - My buddy's trapped under a car.