Monica : Good morning, tiger.
UNK: l'm making you a big breakfast, so you can keep up your strength for tonight.
Monica : You're gonna get me good and pregnant.
UNK: l've got nowhere to go this morning. l'm unemployed.
UNK: l don't know what l'm gonna do with my life.
UNK: Well, l just lost my erection.
UNK: No, l mean, what am l supposed to do with myself?
Monica : You're supposed to find your passion in life.
UNK: You can be whatever you want to be now. lt's exciting.
UNK: Yeah, but it's all so overwhelming. l don't know where to start.
Monica : Wait a second. l can help you with this.
Monica : You just need to be organized. We can make a list of your qualifications...
Monica : ...and categorize jobs by industry. There could be folders and files--
Chandler : Hey, this is where your hyper-organized pain-in-the-ass stuff pays off.
UNK: l know!
Monica : My erection is back!
Joey : Thank you.
UNK: Joey, could l have a sip of your coffee and a bite of your muffin?
UNK: -Okay. -Thank you.
Joey : Thank you.
UNK: Pheebs, have you ever been bitten by a hungry ltalian?
UNK: l'm sorry. lt's just, l'm a little short on cash.
UNK: lf you want, l could loan you some money.
UNK: Oh, no. l learned never to borrow money from friends.
Phoebe : That's why Richard Dreyfuss and l don't speak anymore.
Rachel : Why don't you just spunge off your boyfriend?
UNK: Yeah, right, the unemployed piano player who gave his trust fund to charity?
UNK: l'm splitting the muffin with him.
Joey : Hey, how about this? Wanna be an extra on my show?
Phoebe : You could do that?
UNK: The pay's pretty good, and you could do it for as long as you need.
UNK: -Oh, my God. l'm gonna be on TV! -Okay, now....
UNK: l gotta tell you, being on TV isn't as glamorous and exciting as you think.
UNK: -Really? -No, it is awesome.
UNK: Hey, guys.
Phoebe : Why are you all dressed up?
UNK: We're bringing Emma to Ralph Lauren today to introduce her to everyone.
Ross : -Doesn't she look cute? -She sure does.
Joey : Why does she have a pink bow taped to her head?
Rachel : Because if one more person says, ''What a cute little boy'' ...
UNK: ...l'm gonna whip them with a car antenna.
UNK: l think she's gonna be the hit of the office.
UNK: Yeah, she's gonna be hotter than peasant blouses and A-line skirts.
UNK: Can l get a blue bow?
UNK: Okay. l have looked through a bunch of career guides...
Monica : ...photocopied and highlighted key passages...
Monica : ...and put them into alphabetical folders, so you can make an informed decision.
UNK: How long was l in there?
UNK: Okay, let's start with the A's. Advertising.
Chandler : Wait. Advertising, that's a great idea.
UNK: Don't you wanna look through the rest?
UNK: l don't think l have to hear the rest. Advertising makes perfect sense.
Chandler : Sorry you had to waste all this time.
Monica : You call eight hours alone with my label maker wasted time?
UNK: Now l'll get to use my shredder!
UNK: l mean, l could write slogans. How hard could it be, right?
UNK: ''Cheese. lt's milk that you chew.''
Chandler : ''Crackers. Because your cheese needs a buddy.''
Chandler : ''A grape. Because who can get a watermelon in your mouth?''
UNK: l got one.
Monica : ''Socks. Because your family's feet deserve the best.''
Chandler : Honey, leave it to the pros.
UNK: l actually know someone in advertising.
UNK: l grew up with a guy who is a vice president at a big agency.
UNK: Maybe l can get him to meet you. Give me the phone.
Chandler : ''The phone. Bringing you closer to people who have phones.''
UNK: ''Marriage. lt's not for everybody.''