UNK: I don't want to talk about it.
UNK: You could've at least saved me a cookie.
Joey : Women are mean!
UNK: I can't believe that.
Phoebe : Now the only thing left of my grandmother's legacy is...
Phoebe : ...this crumb.
Phoebe : I wish you a long and happy marriage.
Chandler : - Hey. - How was it?
Ross : Well, I had a great time.
UNK: Chauncey, on the other hand...
Chandler : I will tell the story.
Chandler : It was going great. I let him win, we were bonding...
Chandler : ...he even said I could call him Dad.
Ross : And what did he ask you not to call him?
UNK: Daddy.
UNK: Look, here's the story.
Chandler : We had just finished playing, and we were gonna take a steam.
UNK: I walk into the room...
UNK: ...and it's really steamy.
Chandler : So I take off my glasses, and that's when it happened.
UNK: Guys?
Ross : - Over here. - Have a seat, son.
UNK: Hey!
UNK: - Oh, my God! I can't believe it. - I know.
Monica : You gave my father a lap dance.
Chandler : Why do they put so much steam in there?
UNK: Because otherwise they'd have to call it the "room" room.
UNK: Why? Why did that have to happen?
UNK: Come on, it's not that big a deal.
Phoebe : Not that big a deal?
Chandler : There was touching of things.
Phoebe : I know you wanted to bond with my dad...
UNK: ...but did you have to bond to that part?
UNK: I'm sure Dad doesn't care.
UNK: He probably thought it was funny.
UNK: He'll be telling this story for years.
UNK: I don't want him to tell this story for years.
Ross : Oh, but he will.
UNK: He still tells the story about how Monica tried to escape from fat camp.
UNK: I wasn't escaping.
UNK: Then how'd you get caught in the barbed wire?
Monica : I was trying to help out a squirrel.
Ross : You were trying to eat it.
Chandler : If that is your father calling to tell this story...
Chandler : ...then the marriage is off!
UNK: Come on. Hello.
UNK: I'm sorry, you have the wrong number.
UNK: I'll call you later, Dad. I love you.
UNK: I'm off to see your dad.
UNK: Aren't you a little overdressed?
Rachel : You better make sure he tips you this time.
Chandler : I figured I would try to convince him not to tell the story anymore...
UNK: ...and I figured the best way to do that was face to face.
UNK: And by "face," I don't mean his lap.
UNK: And by "face," I don't mean my ass.
Ross : Are you getting Monica and Chandler a present?
UNK: I don't know. You know, they didn't get us anything.
Ross : Thank you!
UNK: Hey.
Rachel : Well, hello.
UNK: So when are we getting back out on the water, matey?
UNK: I don't know the boat way to say this, but never!
Phoebe : Why not?
UNK: Because you're mean on the boat.
Rachel : I was just trying to teach you.
Joey : Well, lesson learned. Rachel is mean.
UNK: Yep, yep, yep.
Ross : I remember when she took me out on her dad's boat.
UNK: She wouldn't let me help at all.
Rachel : Excuse me, I wanted you to help.
UNK: But you couldn't move...
Rachel : ...because you were wearing three life jackets.
Ross : You have to respect the sea.
UNK: Joey, I'm sorry if you thought that was mean.
UNK: But I tell you, that was not mean.
UNK: My father is mean. He used to always yell at me on the boat.
Rachel : It was horrible. I was being a really good teacher.
Joey : Does a good teacher say, "Put down the beer, pinhead!"
Rachel : Does a good student drink seven beers during his first lesson?
Joey : Six and a half.
UNK: You knocked the last one out of my hand, remember?
UNK: I didn't want you to get hit by the boom.
Joey : Well, it hit me anyway.
UNK: It would have hurt a lot less if I had finished that last beer.
UNK: I'm sorry. I will try to tone it down and stop yelling.
UNK: No bossing me around?
UNK: - I won't boss you around. - And be nice?
UNK: - I'll be nice. - You'll be topless?
UNK: [scene : - Joey! - You want me to learn?