UNK: Didn't you have a pair?
UNK: They were really round and burgundy, and they made you look kind of...
Joey : - Feminine. - Yes!
UNK: No.
Monica : I think the glasses look great. You look sexy.
Rachel : - Really? - Yeah.
UNK: You didn't think I wore glasses?
Monica : Of course.
UNK: The One With Phoebe's Cookies
UNK: What do you want for an engagement gift?
UNK: That's okay, we're not having a party...
UNK: ...so you don't have to get us...
Monica : If someone wants to give us a present, we can't deprive them of that joy.
UNK: You should get them a little CD player.
Monica : I already have one.
Phoebe : Unless someone borrowed it and left it at the gynecologist.
UNK: Yeah, and by "someone" she means Joey.
Monica : I know what I want!
Chandler : - What we want, honey. - No, you don't want this.
UNK: I want your grandmother's cookie recipe.
Phoebe : You mean the chocolate chip cookie recipe?
UNK: The one my grandma made me swear on her deathbed...
Phoebe : ...that I would never let out of our family?
Chandler : Dying people say the craziest things.
UNK: I've wanted it for years. I was gonna make cookies for my children.
UNK: Break my heart. Oh, all right.
UNK: I'll be the mom who makes the world's best chocolate chip cookies.
Chandler : Our kids are gonna be fat, aren't they?
UNK: Ahoy!
UNK: - How's the boat? - I'm getting into this sailing stuff.
Monica : You finally took it out of the marina?
Joey : Why would I do that?
Joey : It took three guys to get the thing in there.
UNK: If you don't sail it, what do you do on it?
UNK: It's a great place to just sit...
Joey : ...hang around, drink a few beers, eat some chips.
UNK: It's good that you finally have a place to do that.
Rachel : I could teach you to sail if you want.
Joey : - You could? - I've been sailing my whole life.
UNK: When I was 15, my dad bought me my own boat.
Phoebe : - Your own boat? - He was trying to cheer me up.
Rachel : My pony was sick.
UNK: - You know what I was thinking? - What?
Chandler : Nothing, I just like to go like this.
Ross : - What are you doing tonight? - Do you have a lecture?
Ross : - No, why? - Then, free as a bird. What's up?
UNK: My dad wants to know if you want to play racquetball.
UNK: Great! Dad must like you!
UNK: He doesn't ask just anyone to play.
UNK: He didn't ask for you. He asked for "Chauncey."
Ross : I assumed he meant you.
Chandler : Did you correct him?
UNK: No, I thought it would be more fun this way.
UNK: Cool! Maybe you could do this every week.
UNK: Or you could sit on the porch...
Ross : ...and make sure no one steals the trashcans.
Ross : He does that every week too.
UNK: Just so you know, you have to let him win. He hates to lose.
UNK: Maybe I'll play with my left hand.
UNK: You're not a lefty?
Chandler : Does anybody know me?
UNK: What's wrong?
UNK: I went to my old apartment to get the cookie recipe...
UNK: ...and that stupid fire burned it up!
UNK: No! Why didn't you make a copy and keep it in a fireproof box...
UNK: ...and keep it at least 100 yards away from the original?
UNK: Because I'm normal.