UNK: -You ready to go? -Let me just finish this.
Joey : Hey, Ross. Check this out.
UNK: Yeah, l can't do that.
Rachel : -What are you doing? -Have you seen this?
UNK: lt's our new alumni website for college.
Ross : You can post messages for people, let everyone know what you're up to.
UNK: Oh, great. A faster way to tell people that l'm unemployed and childless.
UNK: lt's actually interesting to find out what people are doing.
Ross : Remember Andrea Rich?
UNK: That tall girl that wouldn't sleep with you?
UNK: Well, her lnternet company went under, and she lost an ear in a boating accident.
UNK: Bet she'd sleep with you now.
UNK: No, l already e-mailed her.
UNK: Let me see what you wrote about yourself.
UNK: ''Doctor of paleontology, two kids.''
UNK: Wait a second. You split with Carol because you had different interests?
UNK: l think you split with Carol because you had one very similar interest.
UNK: l'm gonna finish this later, okay? Let me just grab my coat.
UNK: Okay!
UNK: What, did you think you learned how to do it in the last two minutes?
Chandler : Maybe we finish this for him.
UNK: Also, l cloned a dinosaur in my lab.
UNK: She is now my girlfriend.
UNK: l don<i>'t care what society says, it</i>'s the best sex l've ever had.
Chandler : -And send. -No, no-- You can't do that to him.
UNK: -All right, let's go. -Dude!
UNK: l think you made it clear you can't be trusted with the ball inside the house.
Chandler : And send.
UNK: Hey!
UNK: -Rach? -Yeah?
UNK: What's Huggsy doing in the crib with Emma?
UNK: She was just crawling around and found him, so l just let her sleep with him.
UNK: -That's all right, isn't it? -Of course. Yeah.
UNK: lt's a stuffed animal, you know? lt's for kids. Not for adults.
UNK: l know that.
UNK: Joey, you're sure? l mean, l know how much you love him.
UNK: Rachel, let's be clear on this, okay? l do not love Huggsy.
UNK: l like him a normal amount.
UNK: All right. Well, Emma loves him.
UNK: Yeah. Well, why wouldn't she? He's a wonderful person!
UNK: -Hi. -Hey, Phoebe. How you doing?
UNK: -You feeling better? -Breaking up sucks.
UNK: -Oh, l really miss Mike. -Oh, l'm so sorry.
UNK: l've tried everything to feel better. l even tried writing a song about it...
UNK: ...but l can't think of anything that rhymes with :
UNK: Oh, l so know how you feel.
UNK: Breaking up with Richard was the hardest thing l've ever done in my life.
UNK: All right, fine, l'll put another dollar in the Richard jar.
UNK: Hey, Monica, l'm gonna need your help getting through this.
UNK: You're saying you're not gonna need my help?
UNK: No. When l get to the point where l'm ready...