House : A man who would lie about a gift from his dead girlfriend...
Wilson : Is probably responding to a childish, pointless act of petulance.
House : The struggle to resist one's captors is never pointless.
Wilson : Well, I hate to break it to you, Che, but simple delay won't work.
Wilson : Your mother will hold the funeral till we get there.
House : My father was a punctual man, beholden to time.
House : Two minutes late for dinner, you didn't eat.
House : My mother would never disrespect him by starting the funeral late.
Wilson : Yeah, you clearly have no issues to work through.
House : Come on, forget the keys. Call a locksmith.
House : We'll go inside and play Guess that Smell
House : with the truckers while we're waiting.
House : Join me on the dark side.
Wilson : Dark side's done, House.
Wilson : I'm delivering you to your mother, and that's it.
Wilson : I've moved on.
Cameron : What do you think House would send?
UNK: The Gentle Comfort arrangement or the Warm Thoughts bouquet?
Nicole : I mean, if he wasn't an ass.
Chase : Send one of those giant cookies shaped like a coffin.
Chase : His mom would believe it was from him.
Foreman : I didn't tell you so you could send anything.
Foreman : Just wanted you to know the extent
Foreman : to which the man is disconnected from the human race.
UNK: Took a six pack of FFP to stop the oozing.
Cameron : She's bleeding and clotting?
Kutner : Plus schistocytes on her smear means it's DIC,
Kutner : which means she's got cancer.
Cameron : She's young. It could be leukemia.
Kutner : Normal WBC makes that less likely.
Foreman : Belly pain points toward a GI tumor.
Kutner : House already did an ultrasound.
Foreman : He wasn't looking for a tumor. Go run a CT.
Chase : I don't buy it.
Foreman : CT can find small intestinal cancers that an ultrasound...
Chase : I don't buy House.
Chase : When my father died, I wound up killing a patient. And I hated the man.
Chase : Whatever House says or doesn't say, I'm sure the guy's a mess.
Wilson : So he was a bastard. He was still your father.
Wilson : You're biologically programmed to have feelings for him.
House : No, I'm not.
Wilson : Feelings aren't rational.
Wilson : I know you have trouble with anything
Wilson : that can't be quantified and counted.
House : He's not my biological father.
House : I figured it out when I was 12.
Wilson : Of course.
Wilson : You're a brilliant, socially-isolated 12-year-old,
Wilson : and you create a parallel universe
Wilson : in which your life doesn't suck.
UNK: I looked at the facts.
House : First of all, he was deployed on training exercises off Okinawa
House : during the time I had to be conceived.
House : And since you're 150 years old, air travel was impossible.
UNK: His second toe was longer than his big toe.
House : Mine isn't.
Wilson : This is sad. You don't believe your mother screwed around.
House : I have a distinctive red birthmark on my scalp
House : that matches a certain friend of the family.
Wilson : If you believed this story, you wouldn't be telling me about his birthmarks,
Wilson : you'd be telling me about the genetic testing you had done.
Wilson : And since you haven't mentioned it, obviously, you didn't do it,
Wilson : because you don't want to... House, what are you doing?
Wilson : Get your... Get off the... There's a cop.
UNK: Uh-oh!
UNK: One-millimeter cut through upper abdomen.
Kutner : She was adopted when the parents thought they couldn't have kids.