House : They're peasants.
Wilson : Her very presence is a threat. She...
Wilson : What year was she born?
UNK: '83.
Wilson : She's not supposed to be alive.
Wilson : China introduced the One Child Policy in 1979.
Wilson : Say they didn't want a girl.
Wilson : They tried to kill her.
UNK: But maybe the baby doesn't die,
House : maybe the father panics, or regrets it,
House : takes the baby to an orphanage,
House : maybe he doesn't tell his wife.
Wilson : Who freaks out like she's seen a ghost 25 years later
Wilson : when the girl shows up.
UNK: But why does attempted murder from 25 years ago
House : suddenly become relevant to her health now?
Wilson : Maybe they gave her something toxic.
Wilson : It would have to be fat soluble.
House : This is fun, isn't it?
House : Let me see the MRI.
Kutner : We don't have one.
Taub : She started vomiting as soon as we started the scan.
House : Then let her vomit through the MRI. That's what nurses are for.
Bob : Her parents tried to kill her.
House : I don't know how, but I know it caused her to get sick 25 years later
House : trying to lift a Buddha. Explain.
House : I already had this conversation with Wilson. Just go with it.
UNK: Poison?
House : Buddha wouldn't make it worse.
Thirteen : Maybe the weight stressed her back, which...
House : Makes sense if she's never lifted anything in her life.
Kutner : She actually didn't get sick till she tried lifting it that second time.
Kutner : I'm guessing the weight changed.
UNK: Anyone have Taub's pager number?
Thirteen : What's up?
House : Maybe give him a call.
House : If he tosses that switch on the MRI, she's dead.
House : X-ray her brain.
UNK: Pins.
House : Push them through the soft fontanel of an infant,
House : you skewer the brain, and the hair hides the entry wounds.
House : It's the perfect crime.
Foreman : She's had them in her all these years.
Thirteen : What changed at the temple?
House : Same thing that changed in the MRI.
UNK: that caused the symptoms in China and in the giant magnet we call an MRI.
House : She's lucky.
House : We're all screwed up by our parents, she's got documentation.
Kutner : The pins will be removed surgically, and she'll be fine.
Kutner : We'll wake her from the coma after the operation.
Bob : Is there any way you could not tell her?
Janice : Please. She's fragile.
Janice : She desperately wanted to know her biological parents.
Janice : For her to find out that they wanted her dead,
Taub : I don't know what that'll do to her.
Kutner : She may not be as fragile as you think.
Janice : We know our daughter.
Kutner : See this pin here?
Kutner : It's been pressing directly on her addiction center.
Kutner : It's not her fault, and it's definitely not your fault.
Kutner : She's not who you think she is.
Wilson : I hear your patient's going to be all right.
House : Is that why you're here? A colleague checking up on a patient?
Foreman : Something going on?
House : I'm celebrating.
House : My mom hated him, too.
Wilson : Your DNA test showed no match? That's incredible.
Wilson : At the age of 12, you actually figured out
Wilson : your father wasn't your birth father?
Wilson : That's what you wanted, wasn't it?
Wilson : Why should it depress you?
House : It doesn't depress me.
UNK: It doesn't make any difference at all. That's what depresses me.
Wilson : Well, I guess nobody gets to choose who their parents are.
Wilson : I'm not even sure anymore we get to choose who our friends are.
Wilson : I spoke with Cuddy. She hasn't filled my position yet.
House : If you're coming back just because you're attracted
House : to the shine of my neediness,
House : I'd be okay with that.
Wilson : I'm coming back because you were right.
Wilson : That strange, annoying trip we just took
Wilson : was the most fun I've had since Amber died.
House : You hungry?
UNK: Wilson.
UNK: Yeah?
House : My dad's dead.
Wilson : Yeah. My sympathies.