Nicole : I haven't had a drink since I got here.
Wilson : Good heavens. We haven't missed it after all.
Blythe : I'm so glad you're here.
Blythe : It's a load off of my mind just to see you.
Blythe : Thank you, James.
House : Mom, how could you delay the funeral?
Blythe : Honey, your dad is dead. He's not going to care.
Blythe : Do you know what you're going to say?
Taub : I don't know. Just let the minister,
House : or one of his buddies from the Corps...
Blythe : You're talking.
Blythe : I don't care that you didn't like him.
Blythe : He was your father and he loved you.
Blythe : The war is over, Greg.
Blythe : Please do this for me.
Blythe : Stop looking so worried.
Blythe : I know he's gonna make me proud.
Wilson : I'm sure you know him better than I do.
Taub : Her liver's been compromised.
Taub : And the DTs will cause her muscles
Taub : to continue to twitch, even under sedation.
Taub : We need to paralyze her to do this procedure.
Nicole : I wanted to stop.
Kutner : A phenobarbital coma will not only allow us
Kutner : to inject the cyst, it'll treat the DTs.
Kutner : When she wakes up, she won't be in withdrawal.
Bob : We've seen her through withdrawal before.
Bob : We've seen her through everything.
Bob : We've been supportive, we've been combative.
Bob : We've picked her up from bars in the middle of the night,
Bob : we've let her spend the night in jail.
Nicole : I used to say it would be okay, that I'd get it together.
Nicole : I don't say that anymore.
Kutner : Let's make you healthy.
Kutner : Then we'll worry about making you sober.
UNK: Minister And Mourners : The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want.
House : I am not talking.
House : We were strangers. We shared some geography 30 years ago.
Wilson : Right. He had no influence on you at all.
Wilson : The father who was compulsive about punctuality.
House : His issue, which I deliberately made not my issue.
Wilson : Thereby making it your issue.
Wilson : Compulsively showing up four hours late,
Wilson : ignoring discipline, ignoring rules...
House : Oh, God. He's here.
UNK: Who's here?
UNK: The one you're pretending is your father?
UNK: Nice pick, he looks like Sean Connery.
UNK: So, back when you were devising this fantasy, did you tell your father?
UNK: "Dad, I refuse to recognize your existence
UNK: "because I've chosen James Bond as my dad?"
House : I used different words.
UNK: What?
UNK: Hearing your own son hates you so much
Wilson : he's replaced you in his mind?
Wilson : That's gotta suck. How did he take it?
House : I already told you.
House : He didn't speak to me for a summer.
Blythe : It means more to me than I can say
Blythe : to have all of you here today.
Blythe : And now our son, Gregory, would like to say a few words.
UNK: Greg?
House : There's a lot of people here today,
House : including some from the Corps.
House : And I notice that every one of them
House : is either my father's rank or higher,
House : and that doesn't surprise me,
House : because if the test of a man is how he treats those he has power over,
House : it was a test my father failed.
House : This man you're eager to pay homage to,
House : he was incapable of admitting any point of view but his own.
House : He punished failure, and he did not accept anything less than...
House : He loved doing what he did.
House : He saw his work as some kind of
House : sacred calling,
House : more important than any personal relationship.
House : Maybe if he'd been a better father, I'd be a better son.
House : But I am what I am because of him. For better or for worse.
House : And I just... I just wish...
Wilson : Put it back.