House : Picked Cameron's pocket down in the ER. Came up with a doozy.
Kutner : Your mother called. Twice.
UNK: But she's still healthy. This 25-year-old woman, on the other hand...
Kutner : Her messages sounded kind of urgent.
House : Well, that's the way women sound when their spouse of 50 years dies.
Thirteen : Your dad died? Are you...
House : Yep, fine. Our patient,
House : who's been known to take a few drinks on non-occasions,
House : vomits blood and collapses on a trip to China.
House : Chinese surgeons cut out a foot of bowel,
House : but the pain is worse now than it was before.
Taub : House, call your mom.
House : What are you, my mom?
Taub : We can continue this differential in five minutes.
House : Are those bags under your eyes? You were up all night.
House : You told her, didn't you?
Taub : I don't know what your daddy issues are, but don't deflect them on me.
House : Told his wife he's been getting some strange.
House : She kicked his adulterous tuchus to the curb.
Kutner : Seriously? You told her?
Taub : Yes, I told her,
Taub : but, no, she did not kick me to the curb.
Taub : We stayed up late talking.
Taub : We're going to continue talking.
Taub : Much like House should be doing with his mother right now.
Foreman : Anybody read Chinese?
Foreman : Otherwise, we have no idea what these doctors did to her.
House : Kutner, you're sort of Asian, right? Get it translated.
Thirteen : What about Meckel's diverticulum?
Thirteen : If the surgeons didn't remove the diverticulum,
UNK: it could cause pain, bleeding.
House : Too high up for a colonoscopy.
House : CT could miss it. Ultrasound's fastest.
UNK: And since I'm the fastest with the ultrasound...
Foreman : House. Let me do the ultrasound.
Foreman : You need to deal with your dad and stop...
House : I'm not deflecting because I'm avoiding something deep.
House : I'm deflecting because I'm avoiding something shallow.
House : Seriously, I'm fine. I didn't even like the man.
House : No Meckel's.
House : You there for the rice or the re-education camps?
Nicole : I was there to track down my biological parents.
House : Like a salmon returning to the stream where it was born.
House : Did you become whole again or did you get eaten by bears?
Nicole : They denied my existence.
House : Four parents and not one of them
House : taught you to cover your mouth.
Janice : My God, it looks like they cut you in half.
Bob : Doctor, we're her parents, I'm...
House : I'm just a technician.
House : Her doctors will be by later, you can schmooze then.
Bob : Can you let them know that we went by her apartment,
Bob : collected all her medications...
House : I'm a technician and a doctor.
Nicole : You went through my apartment?
Janice : We found alcohol. We thought you'd quit.
Bob : Did her drinking cause this? No.
Bob : Can you tell her it did?
House : Licorice root.
Foreman : No, thanks, I'm good.
House : I threw it to you for a reason.
UNK: It's what the Chinese doctors gave her.
House : It contains glycyrrhizin.
Foreman : They were treating her for SARS?
House : Not very effectively. But SARS explains the cough,
House : causes hypoperfusion, which explains the ischemic bowel. It's perfect.
Foreman : Lung involvement isn't very severe.
House : Okay, well, so call it ARS.
House : Start her on ribavirin and interferon.
UNK: I'm sorry about your father.
House : I'm not.
House : Are we done emoting now?
Cuddy : If there's anything I can do, just...
House : You know, you're right. I don't think I can sleep alone tonight.
UNK: Tell me that is liquid Vicodin.
Cuddy : We're giving IG shots to everyone
Cuddy : who came in contact with your patient.