House : Well, he's not gonna miss it.
Wilson : I'm done enabling. You can't even let them put him in the ground
Wilson : without making it serve your agenda.
House : You really wanna do this in front of everybody?
House : You wanna punish me or them?
Wilson : How can I still feel surprise?
Wilson : You would take even this, a moment of real human grief, and turn it into a farce.
House : Oh, cut the crap. You enjoy what I do.
House : I never had to force you, you like coming along for the ride.
Wilson : Yes, that's why I'm cheering you on now.
House : This is about you needing to be prepared for the worst.
House : So you become an oncologist.
House : No surprises there, the worst happens all the time.
House : But Amber, she was young and healthy.
House : Her death came out of nowhere.
Wilson : Don't bring Amber into this.
House : And you weren't ready.
House : That makes you angry. The world sucks,
House : and you didn't have time to brace yourself.
Wilson : What happened out there is your show.
House : You're scared to death of losing anyone that matters,
House : so you dump the person who matters the most to you.
Wilson : I'm not scared to death, I'm moving forward.
House : Because no one can take away from you what you no longer have.
Wilson : Your father's death is about you.
Wilson : Amber's death is about you.
Wilson : I can't imagine why someone wouldn't want to be your friend.
House : Admit it. You're angry and you're scared of losing me.
Wilson : I'm not angry, I'm not scared. Admit it.
Wilson : I'm not afraid. Admit it!
Wilson : I've lost people. It happens. Admit it. Admit it!
Wilson : What are you, five? Stop repeating...
House : Admit it. Admit it. Admit it. Admit it. Admit it. Admit it.
House : Come on, admit it! Admit it!
House : Still not boring.
Wilson : Did you know I was going to do that?
Wilson : Because I didn't know I was going to do that.
Wilson : I know you have trouble losing people.
Wilson : In New Orleans, I saw you carrying
House : this express package around the conference,
House : and you wouldn't let it go, but you wouldn't open it,
House : so I peeked at the return address.
UNK: Diamond, Fairbarren.
House : Divorce attorneys.
House : Your first wife had just served you with papers.
Wilson : Did you know that when you bailed me out?
Wilson : Were you doing something nice for me?
House : What did I say about being boring?
Wilson : We owe your mom an apology.
Foreman : Hello. It's House.
Taub : The problem wasn't the cyst. It's advanced dilated cardiomyopathy.
Foreman : We did a three-dimensional echo,
Foreman : showed a mass in the left atrium.
Kutner : But the ultrasound images are a little grainy, so it's hard to tell.
UNK: House?
House : The images aren't grainy.
Taub : They sure look grainy.
House : I've seen pictures of you where you looked tall.
UNK: It's an iron overload,
UNK: creates speckles on the image, makes it look grainy.
Kutner : Atrial myxoma is more likely.
House : MRI for a better view.
House : because my eyesight is better 500 miles away.
House : I'm a doctor in New Jersey, treating one of your clients.
House : Young woman looking for her biological parents.
House : You know, you could just wait for the MRI
Wilson : to have your curiosity satisfied.
House : What person who is nothing like me are you saying that to?
House : Did the parents look tan?
UNK: Fang Dong Wen : They don't look more tan than anyone else.
House : Discolored teeth?
UNK: Fang Dong Wen : They're farmers. Their village doesn't even have a dentist.
House : Right. Thanks.
UNK: Fang Dong Wen : But if it matters, I'm not convinced they were her parents.
House : Why not?
UNK: Fang Dong Wen : The man was adamant, and the woman seemed confused and frightened.
Blythe : Thank you.
UNK: Differential.
House : Say you're a middle-aged Chinese woman.
UNK: Fine. Say it.
Wilson : I'm a middle-aged Chinese woman.
House : Girl comes to you, says that she's your long-lost daughter.
House : Why would you be frightened?
Wilson : I'm frightened because she's a threat, maybe she knows something.
House : She hasn't seen you since she was an infant.
Wilson : Maybe an inheritance issue.