House : I'm guessing from when he blew into his IV tube.
Kutner : Air bubble caused the PE and cardiac arrest.
House : You tried to finish the job that you started at home.
Lynne : Jeff, why? You said that...
Jeff : I lied.
UNK: I want to die.
Jeff : Please just let me die.
UNK: No.
House : He's in a hyperbaric chamber.
Kutner : A dose of high pressure ought to chase the air out of his blood.
Cuddy : Is anyone keeping an eye on him?
UNK: You know, because the whole idea of suicide watch
Cuddy : was specifically created for suicidal patients.
Cuddy : I realize how you might have thought the name was just a coincidence...
House : Are there any visuals in this room
House : that are key to us learning our lesson? Because the telephone...
Cuddy : I'm inconveniencing you because you inconvenienced me.
Cuddy : When was the last time you showered?
House : Scent of a man.
House : I realize you haven't experienced it sober.
UNK: If anyone should be able to handle a depressed pain patient...
Taub : He insisted he was no longer...
UNK: Apparently, he lied.
Cuddy : Didn't think I'd have to remind you of that remote possibility.
Cuddy : I have a DYFS inspection in less than 24 hours, so if you can't control...
Thirteen : Non-motor seizures.
Thirteen : Sorry, I was thinking about the patient. What were you saying?
Cuddy : Go on. The pain started in his abdomen,
Thirteen : near his intestine. The first symptom's got to be key.
Taub : He's had multiple EEGs,
House : all of them cleaner and squeakier than Cuddy's rubber nipples.
UNK: What about a glycogen-storage disease, like McArdle's.
Foreman : Explains the pain, plus there's plenty of muscle cells in the wall of the intestine.
UNK: Foreteen is right. Go run an ischemic forearm test.
Cuddy : Take the garbage out on your way out.
House : If you want a man to take your crap, you have to marry him first.
Cuddy : Or employ him.
Cuddy : Good girl.
Janice : I don't think I'm ready to run a decathlon yet.
Nurse : If we can get you managing your life a bit better, that'll be plenty.
Nurse : Dr. Hadley, whenever you're ready.
UNK: Janice.
Thirteen : You look better.