Carrick : Chris Carrick. Next time you use my name in a threatening e-mail,
Carrick : it won't be just a bill, it'll be a lawsuit.
House : Can you blame me? Last time that happened, the guy shot me.
Thirteen : What if the spinal block triggered some sort of placebo effect?
House : Guy's taken the finest opiates Blue Cross can buy,
House : how come they didn't trigger a placebo effect?
Plumber : What happened? He just started screaming. Do something!
Lynne : Please, God, do not let it be what his father has.
House : I think he's faking.
Lynne : How dare you? What makes you think...
Foreman : House, the kid's in excruciating...
House : Where is it? Where's what?
House : His idiot son distracted the orderlies
UNK: so that Daddy Deathwish here could down a bottle of isopropyl.
UNK: Put him on dialysis or in half an hour he'll be a corpse.
Zach : You're hurting me. Remember the feeling.
House : Maybe next time you wanna help Pops, you'll do a better acting job.
Zach : You can't help him.
Lynne : Zach, why did you do this?
House : Because he's not Dad any more.
Zach : He just wants it to be over with.
Zach : Please, please, just let him die.
House : No angiokeratomata.
Kutner : Lightning pain from syphilis.
House : All the syph tests were negative.
House : Why aren't you guys still talking?
Taub : Because we ran out of ideas.
Thirteen : Nothing explains this.
Foreman : Something has to.
House : Unless nothing does.
UNK: So now you think it's...
House : Mine's a more interesting version of nothing.
House : It used to be something. We can't find anything
House : because whatever injury caused the original pain healed a long time ago.
House : The only thing left is the drugs.
UNK: Opioid-induced pain.
House : Pain and the drugs that treat pain work by changing brain chemistry.
House : Sometimes to the point where pain receptors read painkillers as killer pain.
House : Take him off the drugs.
Kutner : We can't cure him, so we're gonna torture him?
House : Torture is the cure. Eventually his body will recalibrate itself.
Taub : Assuming you're right.
House : Yes, I find it confusing to assume otherwise.
Thirteen : How would you like to stop taking Vicodin?
House : Good thing I'm not the patient.
Cuddy : It's open.