Janice : Yeah, they said my basal ganglian volume's improved.
Janice : All I know is, for the first time in two years,
Janice : I can drink a cup of water without spilling it all over myself.
Janice : Thank you for getting me back in the study.
Thirteen : I haven't even seen you in weeks,
Thirteen : I didn't even know our appointments were back-to-back again.
Janice : Well, they weren't. Mine got switched this morning.
Kutner : We're gonna take your blood repeatedly.
Kutner : If the increased strain makes your arm hurt more, you have a muscle abnormality.
Lynne : If you're right about this McArdle's disease, can you take away the pain?
UNK: With gene replacement therapy, with lifestyle changes, we can reduce it.
Taub : Keep squeezing the ball.
Lynne : How long does he have to... Maybe you and Zach should eat something.
UNK: Honey, don't worry about us.
Jeff : I'm not.
Jeff : Please, get out of here. These tests are all I can handle.
Taub : They're trying to help you.
Jeff : They can't.
Taub : Then how about helping them? You know, by not being...
Jeff : An ass? You have no idea what I'm going through.
Taub : I know it's better than what you tried to go through.
Kutner : Sure, no baggage at all.
Kutner : Where's the pain worst right now? In my left arm.
Kutner : Does it hurt more? Couldn't.
UNK: And lactate level's steady. It's not any kind of glycogen...
Jeff : Oh, God! Pain jumped to my leg. This never happened before.
UNK: Your chest, your abdomen, you feel anything there?
UNK: My leg feels like it's being sawed off.
UNK: Nice. What?
Thirteen : Switching Janice's appointment time, so I can see the skies brighten
Thirteen : like a Lifetime TV movie. I don't know what you're...
Thirteen : Sticking your most improved study participant in my face.
Thirteen : Is that your way of getting into my pants?
Foreman : I don't make the schedule, and if I did, I wouldn't use it as a social lubricant.
Foreman : And this is the first I've heard of Janice improving at all.
Foreman : So, hey, thanks for the good news.
Thirteen : Pain started in his abdomen.
Taub : Now it's hopped from his left arm to his left leg, skipping the trunk entirely.
House : I need the name of a good lawyer. We're getting sued?
UNK: Probably. That's Cuddy's problem.
Taub : Hopping pain. Means it's something in his brain, not his body.
House : Except the pain's in two places that connect two separate regions of the brain,
House : which means you're not using yours.
Lynne : Come on, you're from one of the Twelve Tribes,
UNK: you must know a ton of shysters.
Taub : What type of lawyer do you need?
Taub : I'll bring it up at the next world domination subcommittee meeting.
UNK: I didn't say I needed a lawyer, I said I needed the name of a lawyer.
Taub : Pain hopped to another limb on the same side, it's gotta be central...
Kutner : Could still be peripheral. If multiple areas of disc disease...
House : Were consistent with a completely spotless MRI.
House : Who represented the hospital when you set that patient on fire?
Kutner : Chris Carrick.
UNK: Chris.
House : That doesn't sound like a very good lawyer.
Taub : If we can't even resolve body versus brain, we're never gonna diagnose the guy.
House : What was the name of the firm?
Kutner : Caddell and Carrick.
Kutner : It's not like we can chop off his head to see if the pain goes away.
UNK: Why not?
House : Need to cut off a guy's head.
UNK: Gotta figure out if his pain's coming from his brain or his body.
House : Stiff shot of Lidocaine below the brain stem
House : should numb him all the way down to his tippy-toes.
Cuddy : And hearing me say "no" over the phone wasn't good enough?
Cuddy : I'm inconveniencing you because you inconvenienced me.
Cuddy : You know that foster care official is coming in the morning...
House : If they weren't there'd be no inconvenience.
Cuddy : Do not try and force me to choose between my child and this...
House : I'm forcing you to do your job.