Taub : Bone windows are normal.
Kutner : Checking for cancerous masses in the lungs.
Kutner : So, who do you know who committed suicide?
Taub : Hemingway, Goebbels, Romeo and Juliet...
Kutner : Your mom, dad?
Taub : Saying I wouldn't do it under any circumstances
Taub : means my whole family was suicidal?
UNK: No. But categorically insisting there are no circumstances
Kutner : means you've got baggage, personal betrayal, abandonment...
Taub : Just because you grew up in a Charles Dickens novel...
Kutner : It's people like me who don't do it.
Kutner : When your life sucks from the beginning, nowhere to go but up.
Taub : Thorax is clear, no tumors in the lungs.
Taub : The only betrayal comes from father of the year in there.
Taub : He has a wife, a kid, people who count on him to have a pulse.
UNK: Okay.
Kutner : Switching to high-res cuts of the abdomen.
Taub : My parents live very happily in Queens.
Taub : They never attempted, thought about, or attempted to think about committing...
UNK: What?
Kutner : There, along his diaphragm.
Taub : That's not cancer.
House : No hurry. I already bathed once this week. I wouldn't want to look elitist.
Plumber : Can't do anything till I write up an estimate.
House : Fine. Pad it all you want. Here's a check for the deductible.
House : Don't touch the piano, and lock up when you leave.
Plumber : Sorry, deductible doesn't apply here.
House : I'm no architect, but I'm pretty sure the master bedroom
House : is part of the home, which means the home warranty...
Plumber : Doesn't cover negligence.
Plumber : This pipe goes through the ceiling, over that wall and into your shower.
Plumber : It didn't burst, it was pulled apart.
House : Yeah, 'cause I'm clearly a guy who likes to knock out a few naked pull-ups
House : before I greet the day.
Plumber : You hang laundry in there?
House : I'm about to hang a plumber in there.
Plumber : Look, there's no rust, there's no corrosion.
Plumber : I don't know how it happened, but I know what happened,
Plumber : and it's not covered.
UNK: So, whenever you're ready to spend the $2,200, give somebody else a call.
Foreman : I promise, I'm only holding your hand to check for choreiform movement.
Foreman : I'm getting absolutely no intimacy from it.
Thirteen : I told you, it has nothing to do with you.
Jeff : I know. That's the problem.
Foreman : There's 80 reasons we shouldn't date. But you can't shut everyone out.
Lynne : You're gonna need help, support.
Thirteen : Look at our patient. Thirty-two years old, not dead yet,
Thirteen : and already he's traumatized his wife, his son...
Foreman : And I'll bet they're cherishing every traumatic minute he has left,
Foreman : wouldn't trade him for the healthiest guy in the world.
Thirteen : True. And they're stuck suffering with him, hating every day,
Thirteen : only their pain has no prospect of relief.
Kutner : This a bad time?
UNK: No. Yes.
Kutner : No trace of cancer in the patient.
Taub : But we did find edema in his intestines,
Taub : air in the intestinal blood vessels, and House won't answer his phone.
Foreman : His intestine must be damaged, the air's leaking into his body.
Kutner : If there's a blockage in the superior mesenteric artery,
Kutner : it could be choking off blood flow to his intestine.
Thirteen : Blockages all over his body would explain his pain,
Thirteen : why the cramps come and go.
Foreman : Do an angioplasty on the superior mesenteric,
Foreman : and find the other blockages, before he has another cardiac arrest.
Foreman : I'll help.
House : Good thing we don't have a suicidal patient
House : with a horrific, undiagnosed pain disorder.
Taub : We did, till we diagnosed it.
Foreman : We found intestinal edema and air in the blood vessels. The pain was vascular.
House : If it was vascular, we would've seen uneven pulses.
Foreman : His blood pressure was uneven. Thirteen and Kutner are doing an angio.
UNK: He'd have hemorrhages in his fingers.
Taub : There's air in the intestine, it has to have come from somewhere.
House : Yes, it does.
Kutner : After we thread the catheter through his groin and into position,
Kutner : the blood will start flowing freely again.
Zach : Will that take away the pain?
House : It will be completely ineffective, and the pain will completely go away.
House : Cancel the angio. He has air in his blood vessels.
Thirteen : If we don't open the artery to his intestine...
House : Where can air come from?
UNK: Hmm.
House : Air can either come from a breach of the lumen in the small intestine,
House : or, in rare instances, air can come from the air.
House : Teeth marks.