Janice : Thank you. Is it too big?
Cuddy : She'll grow into it. Put it there.
Wilson : I take it the home inspection was pushed back?
Cuddy : I passed.
Wilson : You do realize that's a good thing?
Cuddy : This place was a disaster.
Cuddy : I had to stash a dirty diaper in my briefcase.
Wilson : So you buy another briefcase.
Cuddy : I let House supervise himself. That's like handing a 12-year-old
Cuddy : the keys to the liquor cabinet and the car.
Wilson : You passed the inspection.
Wilson : The patient lived. The car is still in the driveway.
Wilson : And the next time my nanny gets sick? When House wants to saw someone in half?
Wilson : Did I mention you passed the inspection?
Cuddy : I passed by their meager standard, I failed by mine.
Wilson : Why do women always do that?
UNK: Fail? Create ridiculous standards
Wilson : that no human could meet. With your careers, with your kids.
UNK: You gotta be more like us men.
Cuddy : Be lazy? Blame others?
Wilson : Get help. Most men in your position have a deputy and two assistants at work,
Wilson : and a wife and two nannies at home. You're not Superwoman, don't be a martyr.
Kutner : We'll be injecting you with naloxone,
Kutner : which will knock the opioids out of your pain receptors.
Thirteen : If we're right, your system will recalibrate within a few hours,
Kutner : and most of the pain will be gone. Hours?
Jeff : I need those drugs.
Kutner : Not if they're causing your pain.
Jeff : Then knock me out, sedate me while you...
Kutner : That takes drugs, too. We need to clear everything out of your system.
Jeff : Please, I'll try anything else.
Taub : That's what we're trying to stop.
Kutner : So it's not your parents, then it's your wife, someone you were close...
UNK: A colleague. We were residents together.
Taub : I should've done more to stop it. He had the mother of all God complexes.
Taub : So busy treating everyone's problems, he was blind to his own.
Taub : Helped himself to a vial of insulin. It's a miracle he survived.
Taub : His friends and family almost didn't. He was a selfish ass.
Kutner : It'll be over soon.
Foreman : This is lunacy. You're torturing this guy on a hunch.
House : It's the only hunch we've got.
House : If I really wanted to torture him, I'd manipulate a clinical trial
House : in the hopes that he'd sleep with you.
Foreman : Are you suggesting I got Thirteen in that trial because of some personal...
House : I think you got her in because of your usual messiah complex.
House : I think you messed with the appointment schedule
House : because of your l-like-to-have-sex complex. I checked the logs.
House : You moved your most promising patient right before her.
House : False hope being quite the aphrodisiac.
Foreman : How's it false if the trials are showing results?
House : If it were that promising, you wouldn't have to change the schedule.
House : But, hey, hope springs eternal.
Fernando : This was a cooking accident?
House : First time making Cherries Jubilee.
Fernando : Awfully big fire.
House : If you ask me, some of the portions in that recipe were off.
UNK: I sure hope it happens to be covered, under, say, section three,
House : subsection 2.2, paragraph one. "Accidental fire damage."
House : In which case you'd have to replace the entire water line to fix the sagging pipe.
Fernando : I guess so.
UNK: I'd hate to have your next-door neighbors end up with no hot water.
UNK: Lucky the fire skipped your pipes entirely.
Lynne : It's not working.
UNK: I know. I've started him back on the pain meds.
House : Which means you can leave.
Lynne : My son was right.
UNK: I've tried for so long to protect him from...
Lynne : But I'm the one who's been selfish.
Lynne : This is no way for him to live.