House : - What about this? - What are you doing?
House : Is this in my head?
UNK: Because I could swear I remember a thigh muscle being here.
Cuddy : I'll get a syringe.
House : - It's gotta be cancer. - It's not cancer.
Wilson : You seem to be back to your old miserable self.
House : So I just randomly predicted she'd respond to MG?
House : Her twitches are gone, her memory's getting better.
Wilson : What did you take?
UNK: The increased pain was psychological.
House : No drug's gonna help.
UNK: If you think it will help, the drugs will help. The power of the mind.
House : You're right.
House : The more I talk to you, the more the pain floods back.
UNK: I knew the twins were real. Chase owes me.
UNK: - Did you check the pancreas? - Oh, come on.
Wilson : You're just making up organs now, aren't you?
Wilson : We checked the pancreas.
Wilson : - Obviously, you've taken something. - Did you check the bones?
UNK: - There are a lot of bones, I think. - And none of them have cancer.
House : - Ovaries? - There's no mass.
Wilson : If anything, they're undersized.
Wilson : No leukemia, no Hodgkin's, we checked everything.
Wilson : Unless they've invented a new organ, it's not cancer.
House : - Differential diagnosis. - It's gotta be cancer.
Foreman : There's gotta be something we missed.
UNK: You've got to learn to let go, Foreman.
Chase : Maybe the protein level was some sort of anomaly.
UNK: It might just still be PTSD.
Cameron : Just PTSD?
Cameron : Yeah, Daddy's diddling her. Nothing to worry about.
Chase : Okay, let me rephrase.
Chase : Maybe the protein level was some sort of anomaly.
Chase : Oh, my God! It might be PTSD!
Foreman : If it was PTSD, the twitching wouldn't have magically disappeared
UNK: when we started the MG.
UNK: Wrong.
House : What it wouldn't have done was medically disappear.
House : Nothing to stop it from magically disappearing.
House : She was watching me start and stop the medicine.
Cameron : You think she's faking?
House : Not consciously.
House : But if her subconscious is trying to get away from it all,
UNK: cancer's gotta be a lovely vacation spot.
House : Tell her you've got to give her a fresh IV.
House : Don't tell her you're starting her on saline.
House : See if the twitching comes back.
Foreman : How long has the social worker been in there?
Cameron : Just went in. She was in with the dad before.
Foreman : - You switched the girl's IV? - About a half an hour ago.
Foreman : When's she gonna start twitching?
Chase : If she's gonna start twitching. Another few minutes.
UNK: We've got to wait for the remaining MG to clear her system.
Cameron : That was quick. What's gonna happen?
UNK: What'd you think was gonna happen?
Cameron : - The father had sex... - Do you have any medical evidence?
Cameron : - He admitted... - He denies the conversation took place.
UNK: - But she... - She denies it, too.
UNK: Social Worker : I'm sure you meant well.
Cameron : You have to tell her the truth.
Alex : Nothing happened.
Cameron : You don't have to be afraid of him. They can protect you.
Alex : From what? Things are fine.
Cameron : You think things are fine. They're not.
Alex : - He's my dad. - He's abusing you.
Alex : He's not a bad person.
Alex : I seduced him.