UNK: The labs show Valium and heroin in her urine.
UNK: A supermodel on smack. Shocker.
UNK: Oh, Alex, I expected so much more from you.
UNK: Heroin chic is so five years ago.
Foreman : Okay, let's start crossing out withdrawal symptoms.
Cameron : A positive test means she tried it once.
UNK: It doesn't mean she's an addict. She's only 15.
Foreman : - There's no age limit on addiction. - He's right.
Chase : She's never menstruated. Sounds like a symptom of drug addiction to me.
Cameron : Or bulimia. Or her age. Some girls don't start till their mid-to-late teens.
House : Evidence to the contrary, the rounded hips.
UNK: The perfectly-sculpted, bountiful breasts.
UNK: Implants. I've seen some of her photos.
UNK: They've grown dramatically since last summer.
UNK: Symptomatic of turning 14.
House : Two clinic hours says that those "love apples" are handcrafted by God.
Foreman : - I thought you didn't believe in God. - I do now.
Chase : You're on.
Cameron : Could we talk about her health instead of her breasts?
UNK: It could be relevant.
House : Come on, Cameron, there's nothing to be ashamed of.
House : Many women develop breasts.
House : No, I'm fine.
Cameron : Even if she is an addict, a lot of her symptoms,
Cameron : the cataplexy, the violence, it could be neurological.
UNK: If we chalk this up to drugs, we could be
Cameron : releasing her with juvenile MS or Parkinson's...
House : - Detox her. - Fine.
Foreman : We'll set her up on a program, they'll wean her onto the methadone.
House : And in four weeks, we'll know you're right.
House : Or, we'll know that Cameron's right
House : and the pretty girl will do Milan next fall in a wheelchair.
House : Put her in a coma, pump her full of naltrexone.
House : Cut the four weeks to one night.
UNK: The lab reports show that your daughter had heroin in her system.
Foreman : Were you aware of her drug use?
UNK: No.
Foreman : We think she's suffering from withdrawal symptoms.
Foreman : Detoxing generally takes several weeks.
Foreman : The danger is that if the drugs are masking some other illness,
Foreman : it could worsen before we've weaned her off the heroin.
Dad : Well, how much worse?
Foreman : We don't know because we don't know what's wrong.
Foreman : There is a rapid detox procedure.
Foreman : We flush her system with an opioid antagonist.
UNK: It'll end her addiction overnight.
Foreman : The process is dangerous because we have to induce a coma.
Foreman : It also means that if she ever relapses, there's a good chance she'll overdose
Foreman : because her body won't react to the drug.
UNK: So either way I'm risking her life.
Dad : Do you have to tell her how dangerous it is?
Alex : Is it dangerous?
Foreman : There are certain risks. We've gone over them with your father.
Alex : And he's not worried?
UNK: He's your dad. He's always gonna worry.
UNK: But he knows we're gonna take good care of you.
Alex : Everything's starting to hurt. My legs are...
Chase : Heroin withdrawal is an extremely painful process.
UNK: But we're gonna put you to sleep. You won't feel a thing.
UNK: - You promise? - I promise.
UNK: That was a pretty stupid thing to do, huh?
Chase : Getting hooked on drugs?
Chase : Yeah, not the best move you've ever made.
Alex : Just, I thought it would be fun.
Chase : You don't have to explain to us.