UNK: - Because I had a funny uncle. - You were abused?
UNK: What? No. Why'd your mind go to that so fast?
UNK: I just had a funny uncle. Great stories, always filthy.
Cameron : I don't know if it's something with this case
UNK: or you got something personal going on, the whole breakup thing?
George : - It's personal. - House.
Foreman : Your pain is affecting your decision-making.
House : You got a problem with a call I make, question the call.
House : Don't make it personal.
Foreman : Are you saying pain can't affect your mood?
Foreman : If I'm right about the pain, you're gonna wanna rush everything,
Foreman : which is what you're doing.
UNK: Don't.
House : Thank you.
House : - Are you doing your daughter? - What?
House : We should probably talk privately, huh? Come on, walk with me.
Dad : - Come on. - He's not!
UNK: I'm sure he's not. She is a babe, though.
Chase : - We're gonna need you to keep still. - I am.
Cameron : What do you think that means?
Chase : It's either neurological or psychological.
Chase : The only thing we know for sure is it's gonna screw up the MRI results,
Chase : which is gonna make House think he's right.
Cameron : This is a waste of time.
Cameron : Let's just get the LP.
Dad : I should take your head off.
House : Your glands are fine. See, now, you're my patient.
UNK: You got doctor-patient confidentiality. No worries.
House : - So, what did you do to her? - Why would you possibly think...
House : Hard to imagine anyone not wanting to nail her.
Dad : - You son of... - It's a compliment.
UNK: That heart-shaped ass, those perfect, perky, all-natural breasts.
Dad : That is my daughter you're talking about!
House : No, that's your daughter you were talking about.
UNK: "She just instinctively knows how to walk."
UNK: "Designers just love that heart-shaped ass, those perfect, perky..."
Dad : I'm her manager. I have to promote her.
House : Oh, that makes sense.
House : So you compartmentalize.
House : When you're dealing with the press, you're her manager.
House : When you're helping with homework, you're her dad.
House : When you're making sweet, sweet love, you're her manager.
Dad : - All right. - Do you love her?
UNK: - I have never touched her. - Do you love her?
Dad : What are you doing? Are you trying to trap me into saying...
House : Do you love her enough to admit that you slept with her?
House : Psychological conditions can manifest themselves in physical problems.
House : Sometimes these can be extreme enough to kill.
House : There are treatments, but only if there is a diagnosis.
House : Are you going to admit that you slept with your daughter
House : or are you just gonna let her die?
Dad : One time.
UNK: PTSD.
UNK: Get her a psyche referral, pack her bags. He did her.
House : - Don't think so. - Daddy thinks so.
UNK: He could be mistaken. He said he was drunk.
UNK: Maybe it was some other daughter.
Chase : Elevated proteins in her CSF.
Foreman : You're wrong about PTSD and I was wrong about the hypoxic brain injury.