UNK: Alex, you okay?
Chase : Can you hear me?
Alex : I got the cute doctor.
Chase : Do you feel any pain?
Chase : Good. Let us know if anything changes.
Chase : If your stomach doesn't feel right, anything.
UNK: Hey.
Alex : Are you mad at me, Daddy?
Alex : I let you down.
UNK: No, no. Not at all, sweetie, I...
Alex : I should have been more mature. I should have handled the pressure.
Dad : Stop, stop.
UNK: We're gonna get you better, all right? Nothing else matters.
Chase : Excuse me.
UNK: I've got you on what we call a "banana bag".
UNK: Plenty of vitamins, nutrients...
Alex : I got the cute doctor.
Alex : Are you mad at me, Daddy?
Alex : - I let you down. - What's going on?
Alex : I should have been more mature. I should have handled the pressure.
Dad : What's wrong with her?
Foreman : Anterograde amnesia, short-term memory loss.
Foreman : Evidence of a hypoxic brain injury.
UNK: It might be the result of getting cut off from the oxygen when she flatlined.
Foreman : Probably the result of that rapid detox you told us to push on her.
Foreman : You gonna put that down?
UNK: Are you gonna sulk?
Foreman : I'm not gonna indulge you.
UNK: He treatment for hypoxic brain injuries consists of...
House : Cameron, Chase and the Dark One.
House : Foreman, right?
UNK: The patient flatlined for, like, 30 seconds.
UNK: You've got to be oxygen-deprived
House : for longer than that to lose brain function.
Cameron : - We can't be sure how long she was... - Her brain's fine.
Foreman : Memory loss. You're saying that's not a neurological symptom?
House : No, I'm saying what I'm saying. Her brain's fine.
Chase : She's faking?
UNK: She's got posttraumatic stress disorder.
Chase : We got models fighting in Iraq now?
House : Show me a woman on heroin who looks like that,
House : and I'll show you a woman who's been sexually abused.
Cameron : That's your proof? That she's good looking.
House : He manages her career, travels the world with her, at her side 24/7.
House : He's either a very good dad or a very bad dad.
UNK: You saw that tokus.
House : Would the fact that she's your daughter really stop you?
House : Her brain is running away from reality and when the drugs can't do it anymore,
House : it starts to shut down.
Foreman : Your theory has the advantages of being completely unprovable
Foreman : and completely exculpating you.
House : When you guys are done talking, do an MRI and an LP.
House : When her brain checks out as normal,
House : then we'll know that Daddy really, really loves her.
Cuddy : Where's House?
Nurse : - He was in too much pain to work. - Who's covering?
Nurse : He called 15 minutes after his shift started.
UNK: It was too late to find anybody. Exam Room One.
UNK: - Hi. Where's. - Dr. House?
UNK: I wish I knew. What's the problem?
George : It's personal.
Cuddy : And it's so personal he didn't bother writing anything in your chart.