Wilson : How'd you get here?
House : - By osmosis. - No helmet?
House : Didn't seem like riding weather.
Wilson : The fact that you can barely stand upright had nothing to do with it?
UNK: Infarctions hurt. House.
UNK: It's what they do.
Wilson : Worsening pain could actually be a good thing.
UNK: It means the nerves might be regenerating.
UNK: It could be good, it could be bad. Thanks for the differential.
House : Any other options?
Wilson : Have you ever considered a career as a motivational speaker?
Wilson : - Why don't you check out some rehab? - I did the rehab thing.
Wilson : One session, and you didn't even finish that session.
House : The guy wanted me to "visualize the healing".
UNK: - I could do that at home. - At least let me get you an MRI.
House : More pain, more pills.
House : Teenage supermodel.
Cuddy : Presented with double vision, sudden aggressive behavior, cataplexy.
UNK: You had me at "teenage supermodel".
UNK: You okay? Mmm-hmm.
UNK: Wow.
House : You should be a model.
House : - Are you really 15? - Who are you?
House : I'll be the one saving her life today, assuming she's dying.
Dad : - Who are you? - He's my father.
Dad : Any idea what's wrong with her?
UNK: Well, from the looks of it, not a single thing.
House : I probably should stop staring and check out the file.
House : So what set off the brawl? She stand in your light?
Alex : I didn't even know her. I didn't know what happened.
Dad : Look, I know some models are notorious for hissy fits,
Dad : but Alex... I've never even seen her get angry.
Dad : Even when she was a kid...
House : I'm sure she was delightful in her youth.
House : Then you passed out.
Alex : I was passed out, but I wasn't.
Alex : I knew what was going on, but I couldn't move or talk.
UNK: Yeah, it sounds like a medical thing. It's called "cataplexy".
UNK: Catfight and cataplexy on the catwalk.
House : Cool. How much were you drinking?
Dad : She only had one sip of champagne.
House : Forget it. I'll find out from the tox screen.
Dad : All right, look, I gave her a Valium.
UNK: - Do you think that's what did this? - No.
House : How long have you had the sweats?
Alex : - A couple of days. - Any other complaints?
Alex : My stomach's been bothering me and I've been feeling a little nauseous.
House : Okay, here's how this works.
House : My lackeys will be by shortly to draw some blood,
House : collect some urine, any other fluids you got.
House : I'll do some other doctorly stuff, and we'll be in touch.
Cameron : Since when do you voluntarily go see patients?
House : - Have you seen her? - She's 15.
House : There's something about her, something in her eyes,
UNK: - kind of a maturity. - Yeah, yeah, she's an old soul.
Cameron : This is creepy, even for you.
House : She's a fashion model, on the cover of magazines.
UNK: We hold her up as the sexual ideal.
House : The law says we can't touch her for three more years.
House : How hypocritical is that?
Cameron : Did the history reveal anything, oh, I don't know, medically relevant?
House : History, right. I knew I was forgetting something.
House : You should do one of those while you're running the labs and the tox screen.