John : Yes, I was.
Beckett : Now, I find that odd, Mr. Henson.
Beckett : Because the security company logs
Beckett : show that the alarm sounded for a full two minutes and 47 seconds.
Beckett : But you stayed in your room that whole time.
Beckett : Never got up to check and make sure that the house wasn't burning down?
Beckett : You never heard the alarm going off, did you?
Beckett : Because you weren't in your house.
John : What are you saying? That I killed Kim? That I did it?
Beckett : Where were you that night?
John : SCOFFS I'm not answering any more of your questions.
FRANK : What is this, guys? I thought we were done.
Beckett : Mr. Henson, we've uncovered some new evidence.
Castle : Evidence that suggests someone else killed Kim Tolbert.
UNK: Who?
Alexis : Frank, I know this is going to be hard to hear,
Alexis : but we think it could be John.
MAGGIE : No. John?
Maggie : Based on what?
Castle : His chemistry book was found at the crime scene.
Castle : His alibi for where he was when Kim died is falling apart.
Frank : What the hell is wrong with you?
Frank : I told you to drop it.
Lyle : What do you mean?
Alexis : - Frank, we're really onto something... - And I'm saying, get off it.
Frank : You leave John out of this.
Maggie : Honey, what's wrong with you? If John did this...
Castle : He knows.
Castle : He knows it was John.
Maggie : Frank, is this true?
Maggie : You knew this whole time?
Maggie : Why would you do this?
Maggie : Why would you throw your life away?
Frank : Because I threw his away.
UNK: Okay?
Frank : I'm the reason why he killed her.
Maggie : No, Frank. Whatever John did, it can't be your fault.
UNK: You remember that Camaro I was telling you about?
Frank : I rolled that car.
Frank : With Johnny in it.
Frank : I walked away,
Alexis : but he didn't.
UNK: After the head injury,
Frank : he wasn't right for a while.
Frank : He started taking drugs.
UNK: He got violent.
Frank : He'd have these memory lapses. He wouldn't remember what he did.
CASTLE : Frank,
Castle : what really happened that night?
Frank : My worst nightmare came true.
UNK: ALARM BLARING
Frank : It's off now. Thank you.
UNK: DISTANT SCREAMING
UNK: SOBBING
FRANK : Oh, God.
Frank : What'd you do, John? What'd you do?
UNK: You gotta get out of here, you hear me?
Frank : Go back to the house, get cleaned up. Go! Now!
UNK: SIREN WAILING
Frank : The next thing I knew, the cops were there.
Frank : What was I supposed to do?
Maggie : People need to know, Frank.
Frank : No, they don't.
UNK: And if they ask me, I'm gonna deny it.
Maggie : They're about to kill you.
John : I know.
UNK: And you're gonna let them when it's John who did this?
Frank : Maggie, he doesn't remember.
Frank : It took three, four times of him coming here
UNK: for me to realize that he doesn't remember anything from that night.
UNK: Look,
Frank : I always hoped I'd get off on some kind of technicality, you know?
Frank : Not this.
Frank : Never this.
Frank : He's built a life.
Frank : He's got a wife, he's got two kids.
UNK: I'm not gonna take that away from him.
Maggie : Frank, please.
Castle : I'm sorry.
Frank : This is the way it's gotta be.
UNK: Oh. WHIMPERING
Alexis : There must be something we can do.
Castle : It's not what Frank wants.
Alexis : But he's innocent, Dad, and he's going to die.
UNK: Tomorrow.
John : I know.
Alexis : I actually started believing we could save the day.
Castle : And we almost did.
Alexis : I know how much he loves Maggie.
Alexis : If he just had more time
Alexis : to think about this, maybe he'd change his mind.
Alexis : But the clock just ran out.
Alexis : The clock.
Castle : What time was that 911 call again?
UNK: A neighbor reported hearing the scream at 8 : 04 p.m. Why?
Castle : We missed something. Come take a look at this photo.