UNK: DOOR BUZZING
UNK: Alexis. Thank God.
Alexis : - Maggie, this is my dad. - Hi.
Maggie : Mr. Castle, thanks for coming.
UNK: I'd almost given up till Alexis called.
UNK: Oh...
Maggie : Hey, baby.
Frank : Hey, sunshine.
UNK: So what is this, a going-away party?
Maggie : - No. They came back to help. - Help how?
Frank : I lost the appeal. It's over, isn't it?
Maggie : No, it's not over. Not yet.
UNK: This is Mr. Castle, Alexis' father.
UNK: Hey.
Frank : Nice to meet you, Mr. Castle.
Frank : Your girl's one in a million. You should be proud.
Castle : Oh, I am.
UNK: So, you some kind of lawyer?
Castle : Oh, no.
Frank : You a cop?
UNK: No. I'm a mystery writer.
Maggie : He's more than that.
Maggie : He's helped the NYPD crack their biggest cases.
UNK: Well, I don't wanna oversell it.
Frank : You ever save a guy on death row?
UNK: No.
Alexis : But my dad's a genius at uncovering the real story.
Alexis : Frank, I know you've been through this more times than you can stomach,
Alexis : but if you can, tell him what happened that night.
UNK: Frank.
Frank : I was working on my Camaro.
UNK: I'd spend every waking hour with it back then.
Alexis : That night, I was working on the exhaust system.
UNK: - My house alarm went off. - ALARM BLARING
Frank : I was doing some welding, and the smoke set off the garage alarm.
UNK: The code is "Stingray-seven."
Frank : It's off now. Thank you.
UNK: DISTANT SCREAMING
UNK: Frank voiceover : That's when I heard the screams across the street.
UNK: Frank voiceover : I ran over to see what happened.
UNK: Hello?
Frank : Is everyone all right?
UNK: Frank voiceover : Back door was open, so I went inside.
UNK: Frank voiceover : She was lying there.
UNK: The blood was...
UNK: Frank voiceover : Whatever happened, I was too late.
UNK: Frank voiceover : I heard the sirens, and I panicked. I knew how it would look.
UNK: Frank voiceover : So I took a rag and tried to wipe down all my prints.
UNK: Frank voiceover : But I ran out of time.
UNK: I had her blood on me, a police record.
Frank : It went the way you'd expect.
Castle : And what about your home security company?
Castle : - Did they have a record of your call? - ALEXIS : Yes.
Alexis : But the prosecution argued it still left plenty of time.
Castle : How well did you know Kim Tolbert?
UNK: Not that well. Her mom and her had lived there a few years,
UNK: and Kim would flirt with me a little bit.
Frank : I was friendly, but that was it.
Maggie : They entered her diary into record.
Maggie : She wrote that she had a crush on Frank.
Maggie : So the prosecutor made Frank out to be some kind of predator.
Castle : And you didn't see anyone as you ran to the house?
UNK: No. They must've bolted out the back before I got there.
Castle : Well, what about back then?
Castle : Anybody she was having a problem with?
Maggie : Lyle Gomez, Kim's high school ex-boyfriend.
Maggie : They had a very stormy relationship.
Maggie : Plus, she dumped him a week before she was killed.
Castle : Police talk to him?
Frank : They didn't have to. They had me.
Frank : Mr. Castle, I've got three days left on God's earth.
Frank : I don't need you to find the real killer.
Frank : I just need somebody to prove it wasn't me.
Beckett : Castle, take it easy. Calm down.
CASTLE : Calm down?
UNK: You should've seen the way these people looked at me.
Castle : Like I'm some kind of savior.
UNK: But I don't even know if he's innocent.
Beckett : How can I help?
Castle : I don't even know if I can help.
Castle : I mean, what if I can't?
Castle : Alexis would never forgive me.
Beckett : Just do your best, Castle. She loves you.
Beckett : And I'm here. For both of you.
UNK: She's coming. I gotta go.
Alexis : - Hey. - Hey.
Alexis : - Ready to get started? - Uh-huh.
Alexis : Let's go.