Alexis : This is everything, spanning the life of the case.
UNK: The least your professor could've done is thrown in some CliffsNotes.
Castle : So what do we know about this ex-boyfriend of Kim's, Lyle Gomez?
Alexis : Was a varsity football player, hot and cold relationship with Kim.
Alexis : Everyone that knew him said he had a temper.
Castle : Did you guys talk to him?
Alexis : Professor McDonald and the defense lawyer tried.
Alexis : But Lyle told them he didn't want to relive it.
Alexis : Said it was too painful.
UNK: And there's no evidence that indicates he might've done it? Nothing at all?
Castle : What are all these little things on the floor around the body?
UNK: Charms. They broke off her bracelet during the struggle.
UNK: Before the attack, there might've been some pushing and shoving.
Castle : Lovers' quarrels can start like that before they turn to something else.
Alexis : But aside from Maggie's theory, there's nothing tying Lyle to any of this.
Alexis : But maybe you'll see something we missed.
UNK: Hey.
Beckett : So that evidence the Innocence Review submitted to the trace lab,
Beckett : how close are they to looking at it?
Esposito : From what we heard, it's gonna take weeks.
Esposito : Which means they'll never get to it in time.
UNK: Whew!
UNK: What?
Castle : By all accounts, Kim was a bright, beautiful girl who everyone loved.
Castle : She had no enemies to speak of,
UNK: and nothing points to anyone other than Frank.
Alexis : Because they didn't look at anyone other than Frank.
UNK: Or maybe because it was Frank.
Castle : Look, I'm sorry, Alexis. It's just, sometimes...
Alexis : Fine, but if it was Frank, what was his motive?
Castle : All right...
UNK: Officer Ted Lane : Wow. You Innocence Review folks just won't give up, will you?
UNK: Can I help you, Officer Lane?
Lane : Kim's murder tore this town apart.
Lane : I guess we're just wondering what you all are fighting for.
UNK: Justice.
LANE : Justice?
Lanie : He had her blood on his hands when they caught him.
Lanie : He was holding the shop rag
Lanie : that he used to wipe down the crime scene.
Lanie : You want justice? Let him meet his maker.
Castle : Has it been like that the whole time?
Castle : Pretty much.
Castle : Okay, let's go over this again. Frank hears a scream,
Castle : he runs across the way, he bangs on the door. It's locked.
Castle : He runs around the back.
Alexis : He finds the back door open and goes inside.
UNK: Frank voiceover : Back door was open.
UNK: Wait.
Castle : What time of year was the murder? November?
Alexis : Yeah. The 13th. Why?
UNK: 1998.
UNK: Temperature that night was 40 degrees.
UNK: So?
Castle : So that's far too cold for Kim to have left the door open.
Castle : Yet, according to Frank, it was open.
Castle : Presumably because someone else committed the crime.
Alexis : Yeah, but everyone thinks he's lying.
Castle : Yes, but what they don't see, what no one sees,
Castle : is that we can prove whether or not he was lying.
Beckett : Come on. I'll get the car, you pay the check.
UNK: Wait. Dad?
UNK: Come on, Dad. Will you please tell me what you're doing?
Castle : If Frank is guilty, then he would've opened the back door.
Esposito : Which means
UNK: he would've wiped down the doorknob to get rid of his fingerprints.
Alexis : But if he's telling the truth, and the back door was already open,
Alexis : he wouldn't have needed to wipe it because he never touched it.
Castle : And that would mean someone else was there that night.
Castle : Question is, did CSU dust that doorknob for fingerprints?
Castle : Here it is.
Frank : - They did. - And?
UNK: And it was wiped clean.
Castle : Sorry, sweetie. He lied.
Alexis : But it doesn't make any sense.
John : I know.
Castle : I wanted to believe him as much as you.
Alexis : No, I mean this report.
UNK: It says the back doorknob was totally clean.
Alexis : No prints, no nothing.
Alexis : So Frank couldn't have wiped it down.
Alexis : The shop rag Frank used was covered in grease from working on his car.
Alexis : They found traces of grease
Alexis : in other places where he wiped down his prints.
Alexis : But there's no mention of it on the doorknob.
Alexis : It isn't in the report.
UNK: Dad, if there wasn't any grease...
Castle : Then someone else was there,
Castle : wiped down the doorknob before Frank got there,
Castle : getting rid of their own prints.
Castle : Someone else was there that night.
Castle : Sweetie, you were right. Someone else killed Kim Tolbert.
Alexis : Yes, Professor. I understand.
Alexis : Okay, bye.
Castle : - What'd he say? - It's not enough.
Castle : But we know someone else wiped down the doorknob.
UNK: But he says he can't build a case based on evidence that isn't there.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGING
UNK: It's Beckett. Hey.
Becket : Hey, how's it going?
Castle : Not so good.
Castle : We'd be grasping at straws if we had any.
Beckett : Well, I might have one for you.
Beckett : I went to the trace lab last night.