UNK: This wall decoration could've fallen down during the struggle.
Alexis : You mean the solar system thingy?
Castle : Not just a solar system thingy.
Castle : Our orbiting planets don't line up like that.
Castle : This is a binary clock.
Alexis : - That's a clock? - Yeah. For science geeks like Kim,
UNK: you count the amount of planets in each quadrant, it tells you the time.
UNK: In this case, 7 : 32.
UNK: 7 : 32? That's a half hour before our 911 call.
UNK: That's because the scream that Frank heard came from John
UNK: when he discovered Kim's body at 8 : 04.
UNK: She'd already been dead for 30 minutes.
Alexis : Both brothers are innocent.
Alexis : Hey, I just got off the phone with Kim's mom.
Castle : Whoa. You called Kim's mom?
Alexis : Desperate times.
Castle : - And she didn't hang up on you? - No.
Alexis : She mostly yelled.
Alexis : She wouldn't tell me who Kim tutored, but she did say
UNK: that all the checks Kim got from tutoring went into her college fund.
Castle : So she was paid by check.
Castle : That means somewhere there's a record of who paid her.
UNK: Mmm-hmm. Ryan and Esposito are checking banks now.
Alexis : This is it, Dad.
Alexis : Jasper Grove, meth, the bike tracks.
Alexis : If it wasn't Frank or John, it has to be one of those other kids.
Alexis : - You're still going through that video? - Yeah.
Castle : Now that we know neither Frank or John killed her,
Castle : this video plays very differently. Watch this.
Castle : - See that? - No. What?
Castle : Frank said he found her body on the floor.
Castle : Did he ever mention moving her?
Alexis : No. According to Frank, he just pulled John away.
UNK: Exactly. Breaking the charm bracelet, spilling the charms on the floor.
UNK: But watch as a medical examiner's team
Castle : moves her body for the first time.
Castle : See it now?
Alexis : It looks like another charm from her bracelet.
Castle : But if the charm bracelet broke after she died,
Castle : how did the charm end up under her body?
UNK: Castle, we got the evidence box from the lab. What are we looking for?
Castle : The evidence log says there should be a bag containing charms
Castle : from Kim's broken charm bracelet.
John : Got it.
Castle : One of those charms should be shaped like a dolphin.
Beckett : It's here.
Castle : You should have the rope bracelet there, too.
Alexis : Thread that dolphin charm onto the bracelet.
Lanie : Okay. Threading.
Lanie : Nope. Can't do it.
Lanie : The hole's too small. It doesn't fit.
Castle : That's because it didn't come from Kim's bracelet.
Alexis : It was left behind by our killer.
Castle : Lanie, can you get DNA off that charm?
Lanie : Maybe, but it won't help unless you have someone to match it to.
Alexis : We need to know who she was tutoring.
Alexis : You should call them again.
UNK: I just called them 20 minutes ago.
Alexis : I don't understand. Why is it taking so long?
Alexis : Ryan found the bank where Kim had her account hours ago.
Castle : The account was closed in '98.
UNK: The bank has moved three times since then.
Castle : They may not have even kept the files.
Alexis : And what if they didn't?
Alexis : We're running out of time. We need to go to the judge.
Frank : With what?
Castle : Frank will never admit to covering for John.
Castle : That would put John at the crime scene.
Alexis : So what do we do? Dad, tell me what to do.
Castle : Hey, I don't know.
Castle : But whatever happens, we're gonna deal with it.
Castle : All right?
UNK: Together.
Alexis : I'm sorry I was mad at you.
Castle : No. I deserved it. I'm sorry.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGING
UNK: Yes?
Castle : What are the names?