CASTLE : Chief Lane.
Castle : Can I help you?
Castle : No, Chief. But we can help you.
Castle : This little dolphin pendant was found
Castle : in Kim Tolbert's living room the night she died.
Castle : Underneath her body.
UNK: So?
Alexis : So it's not hers.
UNK: Officer Lane : You people are unbelievable.
Alexis : Officer Lane, how old were you when Kim died?
UNK: Officer Lane : - Excuse me? - You were in her class.
UNK: In fact, she tutored you, didn't she?
UNK: Chief Lane : What's this all about?
Castle : Checks you wrote to Kim Tolbert, Chief.
Castle : To pay for your son's tutoring.
UNK: Chief Lane : He needed some help keeping his grades up.
UNK: Yeah, I bet because of swim team.
Castle : You guys took state that year.
Castle : It was big news.
UNK: Chief Lane : Teddy, what's going on here?
Alexis : The night Kim Tolbert was murdered, she was in Jasper Grove,
Alexis : near a farmhouse you had foreclosed on a year earlier.
Alexis : That house was later found
Alexis : to be contaminated with methamphetamine residue.
Castle : We believe your son was one of the people who contaminated it.
Castle : We also believe he wanted to be
Castle : tutored in chemistry so he could learn how to cook meth.
UNK: Officer Lane : This is ridiculous.
Castle : But Kim caught on to you, and that was bad for business.
Castle : So when she left that party, you followed her.
ALEXIS : We found ammonium nitrate on her body.
Alexis : I'd be willing to bet
Alexis : that the tire treads outside the farmhouse
Alexis : are going to be a match to the bike treads behind Kim's house
Alexis : the night of her murder.
Alexis : And then, of course, there's that.
Castle : Now, that's enough circumstantial evidence for a judge.
Castle : But it's 2013.
Castle : Now we can even take degraded DNA,
Castle : have it amplified, tested.
Castle : And I'm sure that your evidence storage
UNK: has kept your dolphin well-preserved.
UNK: Teddy.
UNK: Chief Lane : Say something.
UNK: Chief Lane : Look at me.
UNK: Teddy!
JUDGE : Based on the overwhelming circumstantial evidence
Judge : and the exculpatory results obtained from post-conviction DNA testing,
UNK: Judge Kerry Fallbrook : the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania hereby vacates
Judge : Franklin Thomas Henson's murder conviction
Judge : and sanctions his exoneration.
UNK: PEOPLE MURMURING
JUDGE : I'm sure you've spent far too many years
Judge : having judges look down on you,
UNK: so I'll come down from the bench
Judge : and deliver the signed order of dismissal myself.
John : Thank you.
John : I thought it was you.
John : All this time you were protecting me.
John : How can you ever forgive me?
Frank : Forgive you?
Frank : I love you.
Frank : I'm just ready to live, brother.
Castle : What you did here was amazing.
John : Thank you.
Alexis : For everything.
UNK: Anytime.
Alexis : You ready?
UNK: Don't you wanna stay and celebrate?
UNK: No.
Alexis : This is enough.
Alexis : Besides, there's someone else I need to thank.
UNK: INAUDIBLE