Castle : I'm interested in your life, but you won't return my calls.
Alexis : So, did you find anything? In the file, anything that can help.
Castle : Alexis, he did have priors. What makes you think he's innocent?
Alexis : Because I know him, Dad.
UNK: And I've spent time with him.
Alexis : He's not a killer.
Alexis : I know what the evidence says, but he didn't do this.
Alexis : I need you to come to Pennsylvania with me.
Alexis : I need you to help me prove it.
Beckett : Come on. I get it.
CASTLE : It'll only be for a couple of days,
Castle : 'cause that's pretty much all the time there is left.
Castle : And it's a chance for Alexis and me to reconnect.
Beckett : Castle, you don't have to explain. We can look at venues another day.
Castle : You sure you're all right with this?
Beckett : Yes. I mean, she's practically family. I care about her, too.
Castle : - You're pretty great, you know that? - Yeah.
Beckett : Now go spend some time with your daughter.
Alexis : - Thanks. - Good luck.
Castle : It has been a long time since we have taken a road trip together.
Castle : Remember the time we went to Amish country?
UNK: We ended up getting chased by that cow. LAUGHS
Alexis : Dad, this isn't a road trip, and this isn't about fun.
UNK: This is about having less than 70 hours to save a man from execution.
Alexis : Let's go.
Castle : Right. Fasten your seatbelt.
UNK: Gonna be a bumpy ride.
UNK: So, how is, uh...
Castle : How is Pi? Everything still good?
Alexis : Why are you asking about Pi?
UNK: I just thought we should chat while...
Alexis : Dad, I know what you're doing.
Castle : - What am I doing? - You're trying to bond.
Castle : No, I'm not.
Alexis : Yes, you are.
Alexis : We haven't talked in weeks,
Alexis : so now you're trying to make this about us.
UNK: No, I wasn't.
UNK: - SIGHING - I wasn't, so...
UNK: And what if I was? Would that be so bad?
Alexis : I just thought you were here for the case.
UNK: Richard Castle : I am.
Alexis : How come you haven't asked a single question about it since we left?
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Um, so what do I need to know?
Alexis : Frank Henson, the accused. We're meeting him at the prison.
UNK: He's Pennsylvania blue-collar,
Alexis : struggled through high school, but he's smart.
Alexis : He earned his automotive mechanic degree in '95.
Alexis : He's a little rough around the edges, but he's got a good heart.
Alexis : - Okay. - Oh, and...
Alexis : - Then there's Maggie. - Who's Maggie?
Alexis : Maggie Ingram, the love of his life. She'll be at the prison, too.
UNK: "Love of his life"?
UNK: Is it one of those prison pen pal romance things?
Alexis : Dad, no. She's his high school sweetheart.
Alexis : He proposed to her two weeks before his arrest.
Castle : And she stayed with him?
Alexis : She's been by his side the whole time.
Alexis : Every hearing, every appeal.
Alexis : She's the one who wrote to the Innocence Review
Alexis : every week for three years to get us involved.
Castle : You know, Alexis, uh...
Castle : This is a long shot. You know that, right?
Castle : I mean, it may not work out the way you hope.
UNK: Look, I just don't wanna...
UNK: I just don't wanna see you hurt.
Alexis : Dad, I know these people.
Alexis : I care about them.
Alexis : It already hurts.