Alexis : We have to go talk to him.
Beckett : Wait a minute. If you guys think someone out there's involved,
Beckett : then you need to get a hold of the police.
UNK: I don't think the police are gonna be of much help around here.
Beckett : Castle, if he's your killer, he's dangerous.
Beckett : I can't help you if something happens.
Castle : Look, Beckett, Frank Henson has two days to live.
Castle : This is our only lead.
Castle : What else are we supposed to do?
UNK: Okay.
Castle : Now, odds are Lyle Gomez will not want to speak with us.
UNK: But I've got experience with guys like this,
UNK: so you just leave it to me.
ALEXIS : Oh, there he is.
Castle : All right, that does not bode well.
UNK: STUTTERING Whoa, whoa...
Castle : - Where do you think you're going? - To talk to him.
Castle : Whoa, Alexis, no. Absolutely not.
UNK: He just gave us a none-too-subtle hint.
UNK: He was looking at you, Dad.
Alexis : He won't talk to you, but I can reach him.
Castle : The man is a possible murder suspect.
Alexis : He won't do anything with you here.
Castle : But what makes you even think he's gonna open the door to you?
Alexis : I'm a teenage girl. I'll remind him of Kim.
Castle : - No, I'm not... - I am not asking for permission.
Castle : I'll be watching you like a hawk.
UNK: Lyle Gomez : You people need to stay off my property.
Alexis : I guess Kim was wrong about you.
Lyle : What do you mean?
Alexis : I read her diary.
Alexis : She said you were kind, caring, made her feel safe.
Lyle : What else did she say?
UNK: How about you let me in?
Lyle : Not a day goes by I don't think about her.
UNK: You ever been in love so bad it hurt?
Alexis : Is that why you don't talk about it?
Alexis : Where were you when it happened?
Lyle : Kim called me that night.
Lyle : She wanted me to pick her up from Jasper Grove.
Alexis : Jasper Grove? What's that?
UNK: Farmland and woods, east of town. Kids party there.
UNK: She must've gone to one, which surprised me
Lyle : because she barely ever drank.
Alexis : But Kim broke up with you, right?
Alexis : So why'd she call you?
Lyle : She said I was the only one that she could trust.
Lyle : - She was upset. - About what?
Lyle : She didn't say.
Lyle : I figured somebody hit on her.
Lyle : Anyway, she asked me to drive her home, so I did.
Alexis : What happened then?
Lyle : I was hoping that her calling meant she'd give me another chance.
Lyle : - So I asked if I could come in. - And did you?
Lyle : She wanted to be alone.
Lyle : She said she had some decisions she needed to make.
Lyle : So I decided I needed to get drunk.
Lyle : I went and I shoplifted a pint of Jack, but the shop owner caught me.
Lyle : He made me pick up every single piece of litter in his parking lot as punishment.
Lyle : When I heard the sirens, I thought he was arresting me, too.
UNK: Those sirens were for Kim.
Lyle : When I got to her house, I saw Frank.
Lyle : I saw her body on the stretcher.
Lyle : If I had just found a way to stay there,
UNK: she'd be alive.
Alexis : Did you tell this to the police?
Lyle : They didn't ask. Why would they? They had the guy.
Alexis : Why do you think Frank killed her?
Lyle : Maybe he got jealous.
Lyle : He didn't like seeing her with other guys.
Alexis : What other guys?
Lyle : I didn't ask.
Lyle : But I know they dropped by her house.
Lyle : Other boys.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: ALEXIS GASPS
Alexis : Dad, what are you doing?
UNK: I was overreacting, maybe?
Castle : You were in there a long time.
Alexis : And I came away with some leads.
Alexis : Turns out, Kim was seeing other boys.
FRANK : What other boys?
Castle : We were hoping you could tell us.
Alexis : You lived across the street from her.
UNK: Do you remember seeing any other guys go to Kim's house?
UNK: That was 15 years ago.
Alexis : This is important, Frank.
Alexis : One of them may be involved in her death.
UNK: This the only lead you have?
Castle : We're also looking into the party Kim went to that night.
Castle : We have NYPD checking,
Castle : seeing if anything was reported that could connect to her murder.
Alexis : Try to focus on kids you saw at Kim's house.
Alexis : Anything you can remember.
Alexis : Hair color, cars they drove, bikes they rode.
Alexis : Not just that day, any day.