Alexis : Try to think.
Frank : I'm tired of thinking.
Frank : I'm tired all around, to tell you the truth.
UNK: John Henson : - Frank... - It's over, Alexis.
Alexis : Don't say that.
Frank : All these years,
Frank : Maggie has been leading this charge.
Frank : She's been my rock.
UNK: And now I've got to be hers.
Frank : I've got less than two days
Frank : to help her make peace with what's about to come.
Frank : The last thing that she needs is more false hope.
Alexis : - This isn't false hope. - It is false hope.
Alexis : This could be what turns everything around!
Frank : It's done! It's done, Alexis.
UNK: Guard.
Frank : Listen, I appreciate everything you've done,
UNK: everything you've tried to do.
UNK: CUFFS JANGLING
Frank : But it's time to let it go.
UNK: Dad, we might be onto something. How can Frank just give up?
Castle : After what he's been through, I can't blame him.
Alexis : So you're giving up, too?
UNK: Hey, we are gonna follow every possible lead.
Castle : - But we can't go back to Frank. - PHONE DIALING
Castle : Not until we have solid evidence that he's innocent.
RYAN : Hey, Castle.
Castle : Hey, Ryan. Did you come up with anything on Jasper Grove?
Ryan : No police or incident reports from the night that Kim Tolbert died.
Ryan : However, I did find definite signs of trouble in Jasper Grove.
Alexis : What kind of trouble?
Ryan : A farmhouse there was foreclosed on in '97,
UNK: stood empty till '99, that's when a young family bought it.
Ryan : But as soon as they moved in, they all got sick.
Ryan : Turns out, the place was contaminated with toxic chemicals.
Esposito : From what?
Ryan : High levels of residue from methamphetamine production,
Ryan : which might explain your ammonium nitrate.
Castle : Someone was using the farmhouse to cook meth?
Ryan : Yeah, and it looks like it might've been kids.
Alexis : What makes you say that?
Ryan : Photos from the County Assessor's office
Ryan : show bicycle tracks in the dirt all over the property.
Castle : Thank you very much, Ryan.
Alexis : Bike tracks.
Alexis : There were bike tracks outside Kim's house.
Alexis : Dad, do you realize what this means?
UNK: That maybe the party Kim went to was at that farmhouse
Castle : and she saw kids doing meth.
UNK: No, not just doing meth. Cooking meth.
Castle : That's why she had to get out of there.
Castle : That's why she told Lyle she had some decisions to make.
Alexis : She was thinking about turning them in.
Alexis : So maybe when she left the party...
Castle : One of our teenage meth cookers got worried she'd go to the cops.
UNK: - So he went after her. - On his bike.
UNK: - Mmm-hmm. - The tire tracks at her house?
Castle : He knew where she lived because he'd been there before.
Alexis : He was one of the other guys Kim was seeing.
BOTH : We need to talk to Kim's mother.
Castle : Now that was weird.
Castle : Usually I do that with Beckett.
UNK: Oh.
Lanie : Hey. What are you doing here?