Lisa : I was out for dinner with some friends.
Beckett : After dinner?
Lisa : - Can you be a little more specific? - Yeah, I can be a lot more specific.
UNK: Let's say between 10 : 34 and 10 : 52.
Lisa : I was home, alone.
Lisa : Though I did step out at some point.
Lisa : My neighborhood has alternate side of the street parking,
Lisa : and I had to move my car, find a different space.
Castle : Did anyone see you?
Lisa : - Not that I know of. - And what time was that?
UNK: 10 : 15 maybe?
UNK: You live, what, 10 blocks down Lex from where Wilder lived?
Caslte : At that hour, that drive would take you two minutes.
Lisa : I suppose. I've never really timed it.
Castle : Did you see how squirrelly she got
Castle : when you asked her where she was Sunday night?
Beckett : I'll have Esposito talk to her doorman.
Beckett : There might be security cam footage that might nail down
Beckett : how long she was gone from her apartment.
UNK: Okay.
Castle : - Can I sit in? - Yeah, right.
UNK: Blake Wilder : I can't believe that you guys are dragging me down here
UNK: Blake Wilder : on the word of some bum.
UNK: Blake Wilder : And then accusing me of murdering my own cousin.
Tom : Well, believe me.
Tom : We'd like nothing more than to be able to rule you out.
Tom : So tell me again.
Tom : You said you were meeting some friends for a drink Sunday night?
UNK: Yeah, at McDugan's, after 11 : 00.
Beckett : That's about a block away from your cousin's place.
UNK: Yeah.
Tom : And you say you were at home until you went out
Tom : - to meet your friends? - Yes.
Tom : Are you sure about that?
Tom : Because I'm gonna talk to your doorman.
Blake : - I don't have one. - I'm gonna talk to your neighbors.
Tom : I'm gonna check your credit card receipts.
Tom : If you weren't home when you say you were, I am gonna find out about it.
Blake : All right, fine, I didn't go straight to the bar.
Blake : I went to a newsstand. I bought some cigarettes, all right?
Blake : My friends think that I quit, but every once in a while,
Blake : I get a craving that I can't put off.
Blake : So I went to the ATM, I got some cash.
Blake : I bought a pack, smoked a few, threw the rest away.
Beckett : What time was that?
Lance : I don't remember.
Tom : Well, your ATM will.
Beckett : - You can take a seat. - Excuse us.
Tom : Yeah, at a newsstand, corner of 32nd and Lex?
UNK: Yeah, yeah, go ahead. I'll hold.
Castle : There she is, leaving her building.
UNK: Well, the time stamp says 10 : 18.
UNK: Which would give her plenty of time to jump in her car,
UNK: get down to Wilder's place by 10 : 34.
UNK: Well, we know that the killer left the crime scene at 10 : 52.
UNK: Beckett Well, We Know That The Killer Left The Crime Scene At 10 : So the question is, when did she get back?
Tom : Yeah, got it. Thanks.
Tom : So the bank confirmed Blake's ATM withdrawal.
Castle : - And? - 10 : 39 p.m.
UNK: Right smack in the middle of our timeline.
Beckett : So that means it wasn't him.
Esposito : Here she is coming home. Let me just rewind a little bit.
Castle : And what does the time stamp say?
UNK: 10 : 47.
Castle : That's inside our timeline. That's impossible.
Beckett : It wasn't her either.
Castle : I was so sure.
Tom : Tell me about it.
Beckett : You know what, guys? It's late. Why don't we just call it a night?
Castle : Good night.
Castle : - Hey, there. - Hi.
Castle : What are you doing here?
Martha : Chet had one of his ghastly political functions.
Martha : I needed my stationery.
Martha : I'm writing a note to Madge to tell her how brilliant her performance was.
Castle : Don't do that.
Martha : - Why not? - Mother, she's your rival.
Castle : You should be crushing her, not giving her comfort.
Martha : Are you all right?
UNK: Yes.
UNK: No.
Castle : Give Madge my best.
Beckett : Good. You're just in time.
Beckett : Looks like we caught a break on our Scarlett O'Hara.
Castle : You found her?
Beckett : Found the next best thing, the clerk who checked her in to the motel.
Beckett : Police picked him up in Atlantic City for charges of disorderly conduct.
Beckett : Morning, sunshine.
Beckett : Why'd you leave town in such a hurry, Benny?
Benny : I was feeling lucky. Wanted to get to the craps table fast as I could.
Castle : Did you have a good time down there, Benny?
UNK: Dude. I appreciate you guys intervejecting
Benny : with the police down there on my behest.
Beckett : - Well, we wanted to talk with you. - I'm happy to help.
Benny : One favor, though. Could you not talk so loud?
Benny : My head is killing me.
Beckett : Last Thursday, you were on duty when a Scarlett O'Hara checked in.
Benny : Yeah. Yeah, I think I remember.
Castle : What did she look like?
UNK: I would've done her.
Beckett : Anything else?
UNK: Um...
Benny : She was small for her size.
Beckett : Do you recognize this man?
UNK: Yeah. That guy is a total nut-bar.
UNK: Last week, think it was Thursday, matter of fact,