Martha : Yes. And that wonderful actress Madge Vance got my part,
Martha : the way she usually does.
Castle : She's not even really your friend.
Castle : - It's nice that you go and support her. - I know.
Martha : And I have to go soon, because it's closing.
Martha : The critics are saying it's a train wreck.
Castle : There's the Martha Rodgers I know.
UNK: It's Beckett.
Castle : Please tell me there's been a murder, otherwise I'll have to continue writing.
Castle : People always say they want to die in their sleep.
Lanie : What you want is a good, clean shot to take you out
Lanie : before you know what hit you. Not this poor guy.
Lanie : Bullet missed the heart.
Lanie : He didn't die for quite a while.
Castle : Looks like he was reaching for the phone to call for help.
Beckett : Until our doer took that to his head.
Beckett : Probably didn't want to risk the neighbors hearing a second shot,
Beckett : and so he grabbed the nearest thing and finished him off.
UNK: There's blood spatter on the clock.
Beckett : Must have been knocked off the nightstand during the attack.
UNK: 10 : 34. At least we know what time the festivities started.
UNK: There's no signs of forced entry.
UNK: He probably left this open so he could get a breath of fresh air.
Castle : And there's no security cameras either.
Castle : And I didn't see any on the way in.
Ryan : Cleaning lady found him this morning.
Ryan : She said that usually Wilder would've left for work by the time she got here.
Castle : Wilder? Damian Wilder?
Esposito : - Yeah, you know him? - I know of him.
Castle : This is a photo from one of his ad campaigns.
Castle : He runs a line of boutique men's skincare products.
Ryan : You mean, like, bathroom stuff?
UNK: He has got a toner, totally alcohol-free, fantastic.
UNK: He's got a shaving cream that is ridiculous.
Esposito : I'm good with the drug store stuff, man.
Castle : No, no. Hang on. This stuff will change your life.
Esposito : - It's hot. - It's hot.
Esposito : - It's hot? - It's hot.
Ryan : - How do they do that? - Magic of modern chemistry.
Castle : It's like getting a shave from a barber.
Castle : Matter of fact, that's the tagline, "barber in a can."
Ryan : So it's probably expensive, huh?
Castle : It's 50 bucks a pop, but it's so worth it.
Esposito : - Absolutely. - Totally.
Castle : - Yeah. Guys?
Beckett : A man has been murdered here.
UNK: And we are honoring his legacy.
Beckett : Maybe you guys can check in with the neighbors,
Beckett : see if they saw or heard anything?
Ryan : - Oh, yeah. All over it. - Yeah, I'm on it.
Beckett : Come on, Castle. Let me show you what I found.
Beckett : Something was stolen from these cases.
UNK: Hmm. Those are humidity controls.
Beckett : Whatever it was was very valuable,
Beckett : because the killer passed up the plasma TV and the Blu-ray player.
Castle : Robbery gone wrong?
Beckett : Looks that way, doesn't it? And then there's this.
Castle : Is that an "E" or an "O"?
Castle : "Murdero," is that Spanish for murder? "Murdere." The killer was French.
Beckett : The thing I don't get about it is why would a thief take the time
Beckett : to write a message out of our vic's blood?
Castle : Especially that message. I mean, we know it's murder.
Castle : The dead body's kind of a giveaway.
Ryan : So we're still canvassing, but I thought you'd want to hear this.