Lisa : We were looking for another manufacturer
Lisa : to replace the one we had been using.
Lisa : But apparently, we weren't doing it fast enough for these protestors.
Daphne : Mr. Wilder wanted to do the right thing. He really did.
Daphne : He just needed a little more time.
UNK: The paint-throwing incident at Damian's house Thursday night
Lisa : was the last straw.
Lisa : He scheduled a press conference for this morning.
Lisa : He hadn't told anybody, but he was planning to announce
Lisa : a substantial donation to the animal rights movement
Lisa : as a sign of the company's good faith.
Lisa : They got everything they wanted, but they killed him anyway.
UNK: Well, to be fair, Miss Jenkins, we don't know that definitively.
Castle : The incident on Thursday, was that the first time
Castle : that Mr. Wilder had been targeted personally?
Daphne : Usually, they just picket outside the building.
Lisa : It got so bad, we actually hired a private security firm for a while
Lisa : to run down some of the threats we got in the mail.
Castle : Is there a chance we could take a look
Castle : at the information they developed? It could be helpful.
Lisa : Of course. Yeah. Daphne will put it together for you.
Beckett : We'll also need to see a copy of Mr. Wilder's date book
Beckett : for the last couple of weeks.
Lisa : Absolutely. Anything you need.
Woman : Here you go, sir.
Beckett : I cannot believe that you asked for samples.
Castle : She said anything we needed.
Castle : Besides, it's not for me. It's for Ryan and Esposito.
Beckett : Don't you mean Charlotte and Miranda?
Castle : Wait a minute. That would make me Carrie.
Beckett : You're so metrosexual for even knowing that.
Castle : I only watched that show out of the corner of my eye
Castle : when my mother had it on.
Castle : That so did not come out right.
UNK: According to these notes from the private security firm,
UNK: most of these folks seem like average, everyday, tree-hugging vegetarians.
UNK: I mean, so far, the worst any of them has done
UNK: is break into a lab to free a bunch of mice.
UNK: You come up with anything?
Beckett : There are a handful of recent entries
Beckett : in Wilder's calendar for someone named Natasha.
Beckett : Could be someone that he started dating.
Castle : - Hey. - Hey.
Tom : So I ran the workmen who renovated your vic's kitchen.
UNK: And one of them popped.
Tom : Meet Jake Cabrese.
Tom : Two of the apartments he worked on in the past year were later robbed.
Tom : He was a person of interest in both investigations,
Tom : but neither of them made.
Beckett : Sounds like someone we should talk to.
Tom : We're running down his whereabouts as we speak.
Castle : Meet Lance Newman, arrested five times for violent agitation.
UNK: His favorite tool of protest, the bucket of fake blood.
Tom : Isn't fake blood kind of a staple with these types?
Castle : Last month, he painted the word "murderer" on a congressman's car
Castle : because he voted against a fishing ban.
Castle : When the driver tried to stop him,
Castle : Newman bashed him in the side of the head with his paint bucket.
Beckett : You know, I'd like him more if we could find something
Beckett : that would connect him with our vic.
Castle : You mean, like the string of violent letters he wrote to Wilder?
Castle : Sent to his home address?
Beckett : Nice job, Castle. Let's go pick him up.
Castle : Yeah. Let's.
UNK: Mmm.
Lance : You've got the wrong guy.
Castle : Last Thursday night, someone pours fake blood all over Wilder's stoop.
Castle : Three days later, he ends up dead.
Castle : It does not take a genius to make the connection.
Lance : Yeah, but I didn't kill him.
UNK: Look, I told you already. I went to the movies Sunday night.
Castle : Yes, yes, yes. We have someone running down that alibi.
Castle : What about Thursday? You got one for then, too?
Lance : Thursday, I don't remember.
Castle : Then how about you spend the night in lockup?
Castle : Might refresh your memory.
Lance : Last Thursday, I went over there with the paint...
Castle : So you admit that it was you
Castle : who vandalized Wilder's apartment?
UNK: Castle.
UNK: Yes. Okay. I threw paint on his stoop,
Lance : which is then when I heard him fighting with someone inside, a woman.
Lance : They were throwing stuff,
Lance : and I really thought they were gonna kill each other.
Beckett : Did you see who she was?
Lance : - No. I just heard them yelling. - And what exactly did you overhear?
Lance : She said something about being humiliated,
Lance : and he said something about a gun.
Lance : A gun?
Lance : "You put a gun to my head," I think it was.
Castle : Okay, now you're just making stuff up.
Beckett : Well, Mr. Newman, good thing you used the automated ticket booth
Beckett : at the theater Sunday night.
Beckett : Your alibi checked out.
Alexis : - Really? - Really?
UNK: Really.
Beckett : Okay, thanks.
Castle : Check this out. According to his calendar,
Castle : Wilder had dinner with this Natasha person Thursday night.
Castle : Could be that she's the person our animal-Ioving friend was talking about.
Beckett : I thought you said that he was making all that up.
Castle : That was...
Castle : That was Wilder's assistant on the phone.
Castle : Apparently, Wilder and Natasha Piper had started dating recently.
Castle : The girl from the print ads? - Yep.
Beckett : And she said she was a real piece of work.