Ryan : Neighbor said she was on her treadmill last night listening to music.
Beckett : So she didn't hear the shot?
Ryan : No, but she did open her back door to let the cat in,
Ryan : and she saw someone hopping over the fence
Ryan : on their way out of Wilder's yard.
Castle : You get a description?
Ryan : Yeah, "a foot disappearing over the fence."
Beckett : Did you get a time at all?
UNK: 10 : 52 on the button. It was still on her alarm box.
UNK: She forgot she set it when she opened the door.
UNK: So now we know what time last night's festivities ended. 10 : 52.
Beckett : All right, have CSU sweep for prints and fibers,
Beckett : and make sure they hit the backyard as well.
Ryan : You got it.
Castle : - Demming. - Castle.
Castle : You guys use boards down in Robbery?
Tom : Sure, yeah.
Castle : Come back tomorrow. It'll be full of all sorts of murder-y stuff.
Tom : Beckett asked me to assist in the investigation, so...
UNK: Really?
Beckett : Yeah, because of the robbery component.
Castle : Of course.
Beckett : I tracked down Wilder's next of kin, his cousin Blake.
Beckett : He's in the interview lounge.
Blake : You know how he got in the business he did? Acne.
Blake : As a teenager, he had it something terrible.
Blake : When he asked me to lend him money to start up a business,
Blake : I was happy to do it.
Blake : He was one of the good ones.
Blake : I mean, why somebody would do something like this, I...
Beckett : Blake, we were hoping that you could help us with something.
Beckett : The display cases in the living room were broken into
Beckett : and their contents were missing.
Blake : That's where he kept his books.
Blake : He was a collector. Rare printings, signed first editions, things like that.
Tom : Those could run into the thousands, even tens of thousands.
Blake : So it was robbery?
Blake : Somebody killed him to take his books?
Castle : Well, it's possible there's another motive.
Castle : We found a message written on the wall.
Blake : - That's odd. - We're still working on that.
Beckett : What we could really use your help on is with the missing books.
Beckett : Did he have a catalogue of his collection?
Blake : Sure. Damian looked to me
Blake : to help him out with the business side of things.
Blake : The insurer he used is a friend of mine. He'll have a catalogue.
Tom : As far as we know, the only thing missing were the books,
Tom : which suggests the perpetrator went there knowing what he was looking for.
Tom : Could be he had an opportunity to case the apartment.
Blake : Well, the kitchen... I mean, Damian had the entire thing renovated.
Blake : The place was crawling with workers for weeks.
Tom : Killed for a fortune in stolen books.
Tom : So I'll run the work crews and see if anybody has priors.
Beckett : Thanks, Tom. I appreciate your help on this.
Tom : I'll let you know if anything turns up.
Castle : I'm not sure why everybody's jumping to the conclusion
Castle : that this murder was about the stolen books.
Beckett : Maybe because they're missing.
Castle : The message on the mirror suggests an intention to kill,
Castle : a motive of some kind.
Castle : Stealing books, just a crime of opportunity.
Beckett : And now who's jumping to conclusions?
Castle : I just hate to see anybody waste their time.
Castle : The key here is the message, not the books.
Beckett : I think we should pursue both lines of investigation.
Castle : - He's your boyfriend. - Excuse me?
Castle : I'm sorry. Am I jumping to conclusions again?
Beckett : It's none of your business.
UNK: Yo.
Esposito : Ran a background check on Wilder.
Esposito : Found this incident report that he filed with the police three days ago.
Esposito : Somebody vandalized his apartment.
Beckett : Poured red paint all over his stoop.
Esposito : Yeah, it turns out that his company was being picketed
Esposito : by animal rights protestors.
Castle : But all of his stuff is labeled "no animal testing."
Esposito : The problem was with one of his subcontractors,
Esposito : who was doing some of the manufacturing for him.
Esposito : Wilder didn't even know about it.
Castle : That's what the message was.
Castle : It wasn't misspelled. It was unfinished.
Castle : They were writing "murderer."
Esposito : So you think that one of the animal rights activists killed him.
Castle : Sure. One of them had enough with the fake blood, decided,
Castle : "I'm gonna send a message using the real thing."
Beckett : Maybe we should pay Wilder's office a visit
Beckett : and find out more about those protestors.