Beckett : And then all of a sudden, I hear a noise out the back.
Beckett : So I stop and I think to myself,
UNK: "You know what? I better get the hell out of here."
Castle : Hold on. You're forgetting about the bludgeoning part.
UNK: I walk out the front door and I let it lock behind me.
UNK: I race across the street, I hail a cab, and it's about 10 : 40.
Tom : Yeah, but now you're forgetting about the stolen books.
Castle : The noise outside.
Castle : You're thinking there was someone else.
UNK: Someone who had no idea that Wilder had already been shot.
UNK: Someone who came in through the back into the bedroom,
UNK: and in the dark, found a heavy object and bludgeoned him in his bed.
Tom : Two killers.
Tom : So it's the second killer who steals the books.
UNK: And then getting those books out of this display case
UNK: takes a few minutes, after which, it's out the door,
UNK: and it's 10 : 52.
Castle : Giving the first killer more than enough time to get home,
Castle : where she can be seen by, let's say, a security camera.
Tom : And the second killer wouldn't appear to be involved if he was, say,
Tom : buying cigarettes when the gunshot went off.
Beckett : Lisa and Blake came here separately to kill Wilder,
Beckett : and by doing that, they both inadvertently alibied each other out.
Castle : They both knew it was their only chance
Castle : to stop Wilder before he stepped forward.
UNK: The press conference he had called... It was not about animal rights.
Castle : He was about to announce a product recall.
Tom : And they each decided they couldn't let that happen.
Tom : They both killed him, and they both paid the blackmailer.
Beckett : Which means they both had to raise a lot of money in not a lot of time.
Beckett : We found withdrawals from bank accounts,
UNK: money market funds, even 401 s.
UNK: All of it totaling $ 75,000 from each one of them.
Montgomery : They didn't cover their tracks because they didn't think
Montgomery : anyone would get on to the blackmail and come looking.
Beckett : It turns out Blake was leveraged in debt up to his eyeballs.
Beckett : If the company stock had taken a hit,
Beckett : the whole house of cards would've fallen.
Montgomery : - And her? - She didn't want to serve time.
Beckett : She's the one who sat on initial reports
Beckett : that there were problems with the shaving cream.
Montgomery : Poor Wilder.
Beckett : Tried to do the right thing and gets himself killed.
Beckett : Castle and Demming were right about the two of them all along.
Montgomery : Nice of you to give them both the satisfaction
Montgomery : of taking down their suspect.
UNK: Well, it's the least I could do.
Beckett : Male vanity being what it is.
Castle : - Hey. - Hey.
Castle : So listen, thanks... Thanks for your help on this one.
Tom : You know, same team.
Castle : Guess I'll see you around.
UNK: Yeah.
Ryan : One murder, two killers.
Ryan : That's something you don't see every day.
Esposito : Yeah. That's definitely another one for the record books.
Castle : You guys seen Beckett? I wanted to congratulate her.
Beckett : She's the one who cracked this one open.
Esposito : I think she's in the back processing the charges.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: - Bank all day. - Nothing but net, though.
UNK: Castle.
Beckett : What are you still doing here?
Castle : Hey. Just about to leave myself. Good job closing the case.
Beckett : Yeah. Well, we make a good team.
Castle : Yeah. Good night.
Beckett : Thanks. Night.