Beckett : - Well, I'd like to talk with Benny. - So would I.
Man : He didn't show up for work today,
Man : which is why I'm here covering on my day off.
Beckett : Do you have contact info for him?
Castle : The corner room, second floor, who stayed in there last Thursday?
Man : Let's see.
Man : Paid cash up front, four nights.
Man : Name was Scarlett O'Hara.
Man : Scarlett O'Hara?
Castle : She's a fictional character.
Man : It's that kind of place.
Beckett : Okay. Thanks.
Beckett : Benny's roommate said that he came home from his shift,
Beckett : packed a bag and left in a hurry.
Castle : Is it just me, or is the timing a little suspicious?
Beckett : I'm gonna put a want out for him in the system.
UNK: He's gotta be out there somewhere.
Castle : You know, the clerk said our mystery woman rented the room for four nights.
Castle : Wilder's calendar was pretty packed the whole time.
Castle : It's hard to figure him getting back out there to see her.
Beckett : So why did she rent it for that long?
Beckett : - What was going on out there? Breaking news.
UNK: Guess what just turned up for sale online?
Castle : I take it those are both items in Wilder's collection?
UNK: Bingo. The site belonged to a rare book dealer.
UNK: Goes by the name of Lukas Canby.
UNK: He's got a jacket for dealing in stolen property,
UNK: and last month, he was arrested for assaulting another book dealer
UNK: at an auction that didn't go his way.
Beckett : So he's got a history of violence and possession of our vic's property.
Tom : You care to sit in while I get him to confess to Wilder's murder?
Beckett : Don't mind if I do.
UNK: "You care to sit in while I get him to confess
UNK: "to Wilder's murder?"
Tom : $50,000 worth of books goes missing
Tom : from a dead man's apartment,
Tom : turns up in your possession.
Castle : You can see how that's a problem. Can't you, Lukas?
Lukas : But you'll never believe me.
Tom : Try us.
UNK: I bought them from some guy in the park.
Lukas : - In the park? - Near the 76th Street entrance.
Lukas : This homeless looking guy had them laid out on a blanket.
Lukas : Didn't have a clue what they were worth.
Lukas : Gave him 100 bucks for the whole lot. Man, was I feeling lucky that day.
Tom : Yeah, that's how I felt when I followed that leprechaun to his pot of gold.
Lukas : It was this homeless guy. Had to be.
UNK: Really? - Yeah.
Beckett : You expect us to believe that he broke in to Wilder's apartment,
Beckett : killed him for $50,000 worth of books just to sell it to you for 100 bucks.
Tom : - Doesn't add up, pal. - Where were you Sunday night?
Lukas : Home, alone.
Tom : Well, I wouldn't worry. You won't be alone in your cell.
Tom : Rikers is overcrowded these days.
Beckett : Let's have CSU take samples
Beckett : from Lukas' apartment and office,
Beckett : run them against what they recovered.
UNK: Might be something that puts him at the crime scene, yeah.
Beckett : In the meantime, we should check on his story
Beckett : about the homeless guy, just in case.
Tom : It's a nice day to be out in the park. Can I buy you a hot dog?
Castle : They're supposed to be finding that homeless guy.
Castle : I don't know how they're gonna do that
Castle : when all they can do is make goo-goo eyes at each other.
Ryan : Beckett's a good cop. She can canvass
Ryan : and make goo-goo eyes at the same time.
Castle : Maybe we should call the motel, see if Benny's turned up.
UNK: I just called 10 minutes ago.
UNK: Besides, chances are, this book guy that Demming's got in the lockup did it.
Castle : - Don't say that. - What?
Ryan : Oh, you want to be the one to crack it, not Demming, right?
Castle : Well, the guy is not even Homicide. Doesn't that bug you just a little?
Ryan : Maybe a little. But that's not why it bugs you, is it?
Esposito : Yo. Just heard back from the phone company.
Esposito : Only one call came into the motel room
Esposito : during the four days that it was rented to Scarlett O'Hara.
Ryan : Let me guess. Rhett Butler? Right?
UNK: Rhett Butler? See what I did there?
Esposito : Call lasted two minutes. Came in around the same time
Esposito : that Wilder's ex said he went up to the room.
UNK: The only one who would have known Wilder was there
Castle : would've been the woman planning to meet him.
Ryan : Maybe she called to say she was running late.
Esposito : Yeah, well, here's the money part.
Esposito : The call came from Wilder's company.
Castle : He was having an affair with someone from work.
UNK: Yeah, but unfortunately, the way that they route the calls,
UNK: we were only able to narrow it down to an extension
UNK: on the third floor of his building.
Ryan : We can rule out all the men, since we know Scarlett was a woman.
Esposito : And most likely, it was the woman
Esposito : that Wilder was fighting with in his apartment.