Castle : What did she say?
UNK: "What was I thinking? I should've stayed out of it."
UNK: It's cry talk. There's not a girl alive
UNK: who hasn't heard it from a sobbing, heartbroken girlfriend.
UNK: What should you have stayed out of, Rebecca? The blackmail?
Beckett : You tried to do the right thing?
Beckett : Well, who wouldn't listen? Did you have an accomplice?
Rebecca : Was just me.
Beckett : Well, then what is this all about?
UNK: Benzophyosopheme.
Beckett : I'm sorry. I didn't get that one.
UNK: Benzophyosopheme.
Castle : That's not cry talk. It sounds like a chemical compound.
Beckett : You work in product testing, right?
Beckett : Were they using benzophyosopheme in a company product?
Castle : Is there some kind of problem with it? Is that what the blackmail was about?
Beckett : So then when you said that you were trying to do the right thing,
Beckett : did you approach your superiors about the problem?
Castle : - Yes. - And did Wilder do anything about it?
UNK: No.
Castle : He came out with a product that has benzophyosopheme in it anyway.
UNK: Exactly.
Castle : How bad is this stuff?
Rebecca : It can cause capillary damage if you use it long enough.
Beckett : So then you figured, if they weren't gonna listen to you,
Beckett : why not cash in on it?
Beckett : And then you threatened to make it public
UNK: if Wilder didn't give you $ 75,000.
UNK: Yes.
Beckett : Well, you were in over your head, Rebecca.
Rebecca : I know, and I want to make things right if I can.
Beckett : - It's too late for that now. - I... What if I gave it back?
Beckett : - You killed a man. - I still have the money.
Beckett : - You still have the money? - I killed a man?
Castle : - Damian Wilder. - I didn't kill Mr. Wilder.
Beckett : You have the money?
Rebecca : It's still in the duffel bag that I got from under the bed.
Beckett : Wait. The money from the motel room?
UNK: $ 75,000.
Beckett : Well, then the money that Benny found...
Castle : Where did it come from?
UNK: $ 75,000.
Tom : It was in her hall closet just like she said it'd be.
Castle : Two blackmail payoffs? I don't get it.
Beckett : Rebecca must have missed the second duffel bag under the bed
Beckett : when she went to pick up the money.
Tom : Which is why Benny found it when he went back there later.
UNK: Yeah, but we looked through Wilder's financials with a fine-tooth comb.
UNK: There was nothing in there to suggest that he pulled that kind of cash.
Tom : It's hard to imagine he had it just lying around.
Castle : What would happen if Wilder didn't pay the blackmailer?
Beckett : Well, that would mean letting the capillary damage issue go public.
Castle : What if he didn't care?
Castle : What if he wanted to do the right thing and pull the product,
Castle : even if it meant a huge financial hit and possible litigation?
Beckett : Then anyone with a financial stake in the company
Beckett : would have incentive to keep that from happening.
Castle : And the surest way to do that would be to kill Wilder
Castle : and pay off the blackmailer.
UNK: So the cousin would have company stock worth a fortune
UNK: from when he lent Wilder the start-up money.
Castle : Yeah, but we know he didn't do it.
Beckett : And then Lisa Jenkins could be looking at criminal liability if it got out
Beckett : that she let a dangerous product go to market.
Castle : Yeah, but we know she didn't do it either.
Beckett : - Something doesn't make sense here. Castle.
UNK: Mmm-mmm, come here.
Castle : What's wrong, guys?
UNK: Benzophyosopheme.
Castle : No. Not the shave cream.
Esposito : Yeah, in the shave cream. It says here right on the can.
Ryan : That's how they get it to come out hot.
Esposito : Might as well just be shaving with napalm, bro.
Castle : Well, she said it only does damage long term.
Castle : You guys have only used it the one time.
Castle : I'm still on my first can.
UNK: Could've ended up with irreversible capillary damage.
Blake : I was...
Beckett : The timeline's wrong.
Castle : Exactly. There wasn't time to do any damage.
Beckett : No, for the murder.
Castle : What are you talking about? What is she talking about?
Natasha : - I don't know. - Where you going?
Beckett : Wilder's apartment. I know who did it.
Beckett : I know who killed him.
Beckett : - Who? - Who?
Beckett : I just shot Damian Wilder in the chest, and he's bleeding out.