UNK: There's got to be a way we can figure out who it was.
Esposito : - We could do a sound lineup. - Sound lineup?
Ryan : Yeah, we bring in the guy who overheard the argument,
UNK: have him listen to samples from women on the third floor,
UNK: see if he recognizes any of them.
Castle : You can do that?
Ryan : We don't even need to bring any of the women in.
UNK: We just patch in the voice mail system, pull samples from there.
Castle : You guys, if this works, I'll keep you both in shave cream for a year.
Esposito : - Deal. - Mmm-hmm.
UNK: Yo.
Castle : - You found him? - Take a seat.
Beckett : Yeah, we got lucky.
Beckett : Apparently, Marty the junkie here
Beckett : is a permanent fixture in that part of the park.
Beckett : He was panhandling right about where Lukas said he bought the books.
Tom : Which Marty's already admitted to selling to him for 100 bucks.
Castle : Has he admitted to breaking into Wilder's apartment?
Blake : Well, that's where things get interesting.
Tom : His alibi for the break-in is solid.
Tom : He picked up a few extra bucks at a soup kitchen, cleaning up after hours.
Beckett : Claims he found the books in a garbage can.
Beckett : Says he saw somebody dumping them there a couple hours after our murder.
UNK: Which, a pretty good bet, that is our killer.
UNK: I'm gonna sit him down with a sketch artist now.
Tom : Come on, Marty.
Beckett : - Any leads on our mystery woman? - Actually, yes.
UNK: It's not her.
Ryan : Okay. I will cue to the next one.
UNK: So did Marty the junkie say he got a good look
Castle : at who it was that tossed the books?
UNK: Hopefully, one of these two leads will pan out.
UNK: I'm going to go and check on that sketch.
Ryan : Okay, how about this one?
Ryan : No dice, huh?
Ryan : The next one.
Ryan : Only three more.
Lance : That's her.
Castle : Lisa Jenkins. That's the woman we interviewed. You sure?
Lance : Yeah, I'm positive.
Ryan : Remember our deal, Castle.
Castle : It was Lisa Jenkins.
Castle : Wilder was fighting with Lisa...
Beckett : - That's a pretty solid likeness. - Yeah, right?
UNK: What?
Tom : It's Marty's sketch of the man he saw tossing the books.
UNK: Wilder's cousin, Blake.
Beckett : So we have a witness who says that he heard Lisa Jenkins
Beckett : in a knock-down-drag-out with Wilder,
Beckett : and another one says that he saw Wilder's cousin dumping his books.
Beckett : But what we don't have from either suspect is motive.
Castle : Easy. Lisa's affair with Wilder went south.
Castle : They could no longer work together side by side,
Castle : and she didn't want to have to quit her job.
Castle : Detective Demming?
UNK: You know, it could be anything.
Natasha : I don't know. Maybe Blake didn't like the fact
UNK: that Wilder grew up to be more successful than him.
UNK: Maybe he was sick of getting beat at golf.
Castle : Golf, really?
Tom : To be honest with you, I'm not that concerned about a motive right now.
Tom : I've got an eyewitness that saw him tossing his cousin's
Tom : prize book collection the night of the murder.
Castle : I have a witness, too.
Tom : That heard Wilder fight
Tom : with someone three days ago. It doesn't mean anything.
Martha : - Guys... - At least I have a motive.
UNK: Yeah, but you can't put your suspect at the scene.
UNK: Did I miss the part where you've got a motive?
UNK: Guys.
Beckett : This isn't a competition. We've got two good suspects.
Beckett : Seems to me that we should bring them in and see what they say.
Lisa : Okay, fine. Damian and I had an argument
Lisa : at his apartment on Thursday night.
Lisa : But I was not having an affair with him,
Lisa : and I never went to New Jersey to meet him in any motel.
Beckett : Our witness said that he heard things being thrown,
Beckett : and that Wilder said something about having a gun to his head.
Castle : No, no. He was talking about the protestors.
UNK: You see, Damian was unhappy
UNK: because it was taking so long for us to find a new manufacturer.
UNK: And as head of production, he felt that was on me.
UNK: I didn't think it was fair, and things got a little heated.
Beckett : Could you tell us where you were Sunday night?