Beckett : Tore up a set at a photo shoot a couple of weeks ago
Beckett : because they had the wrong bottled water for her.
UNK: Well, seems like a good bet she was the one
Castle : fighting with Wilder Thursday night.
Beckett : Yeah. Could be she went back on Sunday to get one last word in.
Beckett : - I should pick her up in the morning. Hey.
Beckett : Hey. How did things go with the workman?
Tom : Well, found him sitting in his garage
Tom : on a couple of G's worth of stolen power tools, but...
Tom : The night of the murder, it turns out he was
Tom : watching his kids in a play at church, so...
Beckett : - Yeah, it's been that kind of a day. Yeah.
Tom : - You ready to go? - Ready.
Castle : Thought we were knocking it off for the night.
Beckett : We are. We're just sharing a cab.
UNK: Good night, Castle.
Beckett : - Night. - Night.
Castle : - Hey, how was the play? - Oh, awful.
Castle : Well, that must've made you happy.
Martha : You know what the worst part was?
Martha : Its badness made Madge's performance all that much better.
Martha : She was wonderful. She was like a revelation.
Castle : Mother, I'm sorry.
Castle : Thank you.
Martha : You know, I went into the theater thinking,
UNK: "Yeah, she kind of snaked that part out from under me."
UNK: But then I... I hate to admit it. She deserved to get it.
Castle : I'm sure you would've been terrific in that role.
Martha : You are so sweet.
Martha : But you know something, darling? In life, you just have to accept the fact
Martha : that not everything is gonna go your way.
Beckett : Thank you so much for coming in, Miss Piper.
Beckett : First of all, let me say that I am so sorry for your loss.
Natasha : Yeah. Don't be.
Castle : How long had the two of you been seeing each other?
Natasha : I don't know. Two months. Does it really matter?
Castle : Apparently not.
Natasha : If you ask me, he got exactly what he deserved.
Alexis : - Really? - Yeah. Really.
Natasha : Bullet in the chest.
Beckett : Don't forget about the bludgeoning part.
Natasha : Oh, how could I? Right upside his little head.
Beckett : So why did you do it?
Natasha : You seriously think I did this?
Natasha : I read about it in the paper. But he did have it coming.
Natasha : Can you believe that that little toad was cheating on me?
UNK: Me?
Beckett : Okay, so why don't we just start from the beginning?
Beckett : Where were you the night that he was killed?
Natasha : On Sunday, I was in the Hamptons.
Natasha : I took the jitney out in the morning
Natasha : and sat next to Perez Hilton, of all people.
Natasha : He blogged all about it. You can check yourself.
Beckett : We have a witness who says that Mr. Wilder argued with a woman
Beckett : in his apartment on Thursday. Was that you?
Natasha : No, that wasn't me.
Natasha : So it probably means that he was with her.
UNK: The bitch that he was two-timing me with. The one from the motel.
Beckett : - What motel? - Oh, he did blog about it.
Castle : You two ate at the Southampton Grill? I love that place.
UNK: Castle.
Beckett : What motel?
Natasha : The one in Jersey that I followed him to Thursday morning.
Natasha : I was right. He was cheating on me.
Castle : - With who? - I don't know.
Natasha : He went up to the corner room on the second floor.
Natasha : I didn't stick around to watch.
Beckett : So you can't be sure that it was a woman that he was meeting with.
Natasha : No. But why else would he be there?
Natasha : And just for the record, she's gotta be some kind of dirty skank,
Natasha : 'cause that place was a dump.
Castle : A cheap skank at a rundown motel
Castle : is actually a better lead than an angry ex-girlfriend.
Castle : And a much better lead than stolen books.
Beckett : What was that?
UNK: I said... My, don't you gentlemen look clean-shaven today?
Esposito : Yeah, sweet stuff, bro.
Ryan : Yeah, Jenny said my face never felt so smooth.
Castle : Barber in a can.
Beckett : Okay, guys. Got it. Comes out hot. Case?
Esposito : Yeah, nothing unusual in Wilder's financials.
Esposito : His call records were clean, too.
Esposito : No calls except to places you would expect.
Ryan : Ballistics report came back negative.
Ryan : No unusual fibers or fingerprints in the apartment or backyard either.
UNK: All right, talk to the neighbors again.
Beckett : Find out if any of them remember
Beckett : seeing him with a woman Thursday night.
Beckett : I'm wondering why a man as wealthy as Wilder
Beckett : would choose a cheap motel in Jersey to have a tryst.
Castle : Maybe there's more going on than just a tryst.
Castle : His name is Damian Wilder.
UNK: Man At Reception : Never seen him before. But I wasn't on duty. Benny was.