Rachel : I have never been so uncomfortable in my entire life.
UNK: I know. I remember toward the end..
UNK: That's a great story. Tell it while you're getting me some iced tea.
Rachel : Oh, God, get out! Get out, get out, get out!
UNK: Let's.
Monica : -What are you doing here? -They sent me home from work.
UNK: They said, "Start your maternity leave now. Just rest."
UNK: You know what? Screw them!
UNK: If they don't want me there, I'll hang out with you guys.
UNK: Or you could do volunteer work.
UNK: -Hello? -Joey, it's Estelle.
Estelle : I was able to get you and one guest tickets to your premiere.
UNK: -You told me I could have six tickets. -I sold four on eBay.
UNK: You'll be sitting next to HotGuy 372.
UNK: So that's it? I only get to bring one guest?
UNK: Yeah. What time you wanna pick me up?
UNK: Hello?
Joey : You hear that? I only get one extra ticket to my premiere.
UNK: So somehow I have to pick between you three and Ross.
Rachel : -What about me? -You said you didn't want to go.
UNK: I don't. But I would still like to be acknowledged.
UNK: -Because I'm pregnant, I'm invisible? -Definitely not invisible.
UNK: Ross didn't care enough to be here, so he's out.
Monica : -You snooze, you lose. -He's not snoozing. He's teaching.
UNK: Well, then somebody's snoozing.
UNK: And, Joey, not that this should affect you at all, but if you pick me..
Monica : I was planning on wearing a sequin dress cut down to here.
UNK: -I haven't seen this dress. -Star in a movie.
UNK: Pick whoever you want. Listen to your heart. What does it tell you?
UNK: Phoebe. Phoebe. Phoebe.
UNK: Well..
Joey : I think I want to take Chandler.
UNK: Phoebe, Phoebe, Phoebe.
UNK: -You want to take me? -Yeah, I wish I could take everybody.
UNK: But Chandler's always supported my career.
UNK: He's paid for acting classes, headshots and stuff.
Joey : This will be my way of paying you back.
UNK: So you're never actually going to pay me back?
Monica : Just because he paid for your headshots, you're gonna take him?
UNK: I don't think you're comprehending just how slutty this dress is.
UNK: It's not just the stuff he paid for. It's everything, you know?
UNK: He read lines with me. He went with me on auditions when I was nervous.
Joey : Then he consoled me after I didn't get parts that I wanted.
Joey : You always believed in me, man, even when I didn't.
Chandler : I always knew you were gonna make it. I'm so proud of you.
Joey : Thanks, that means a lot to me.
Phoebe : Mon, maybe one of these guys wants to wear your dress.
UNK: -I'm gonna go shave. -Yeah, well, I'm gonna go spit.
Rachel : I have to pee.
UNK: If I don't come out, it's because I've choked to death on the potpourri stink.
UNK: You hold her nose, I'll blow in her mouth and the kid'll just.. out of her.
UNK: She's a week late. She's got to have it today.
UNK: I don't know. I think it's still gonna be a while.