Sandy : It's good news.
UNK: Thanks.
Wilson : Let me know as soon as Tucker takes a turn for the worse.
Wilson : I want to be there.
Wilson : See that small spot at the top of the lung?
Wilson : That was then. This is now. The spot's gone.
Del : That tiny little spot, huh?
Wilson : Yeah, it's not too impressive, is it?
Del : That little dot could have killed me?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Fortunately, we caught it early.
Tucker : It's gonna be okay.
Del : That's amazing. You got all this off me
Del : not talking about my grandkids.
Cuddy : Thanks, Bonnie.
UNK: We're just gonna have to sit tight for a while.
UNK: Okay.
Cuddy : I put an offer on the loft. Seller turned me down.
Cuddy : I offered exactly what a similar unit sold for three months ago.
Wilson : I want to donate a lobe of my liver to Tucker.
Cuddy : That's insane.
Wilson : I'm donating a small portion of...
Cuddy : You have hundreds of patients.
Wilson : And until I run out of excess organs,
Wilson : why shouldn't I do everything I can to help them?
Cuddy : Because you're a doctor, not a donor.
Wilson : Why did you make me the head of oncology?
Cuddy : Not because you have the most organs.
Cuddy : You're thoughtful, caring.
Wilson : Yeah. Caring.
Wilson : By your own criteria, a strength and not a weakness.
Cuddy : This is coming out of guilt.
Cuddy : This is coming out of friendship.
Wilson : I have a friend who's about to die.
UNK: And I have the opportunity to save his life.
UNK: Okay.
Wilson : Call me a doormat,
Wilson : get it all out of your system, but I'm doing it.
UNK: Why?
Wilson : He's my friend.
House : I'm your friend.
House : All the pain pills I've taken?
House : What if I need your liver?
UNK: Right. How selfish of me
Wilson : not to have considered your possible future needs.
House : They're all dying. They're all your friends.
Wilson : I'm not here for an argument, House.
House : No, right, that's room 12A.
House : So why are you here?
UNK: You wanna make sure that I've called a moving van?
UNK: No.
Wilson : The operation is in two hours,
Wilson : and I'd like you to be there with me.
UNK: No.
UNK: Why?
House : Because if you die, I'm alone.
Tucker : Thanks, Jim.