Wilson : Good news. Head CT doesn't show any signs of a stroke.
Ashley : So he's gonna be okay, right?
Wilson : I cannot believe how much you've grown up in five years. She's...
Wilson : She's not Emily.
Tucker : Ashley. My girlfriend.
Tucker : New life, new adventures. Ashley, meet Jim.
Wilson : It's good to meet you.
Ashley : So this arm thing, does that mean his leukemia's back?
Wilson : I checked blood counts and blood cell morphologies.
Wilson : Everything is normal.
UNK: So these blood tests, that means it's not cancer for sure?
Tucker : He said I'm fine.
Ashley : So what do you think it is?
UNK: Hopefully something innocuous.
Wilson : There's a doctor I can speak to who's great...
Wilson : Who's great at diagnosing...
UNK: What?
Wilson : Sorry, that cold sore.
Wilson : How long have you had that?
Ashley : Um, two weeks. I'm sorry.
Ashley : I got the call, I didn't have time to cover it up.
Tucker : What is it, Jim?
Wilson : That cold sore is caused by a virus.
Wilson : Assuming you guys kiss, the virus could transfer,
Wilson : infect your spine and cause the paralysis.
Wilson : It's a disease called Transverse Myelitis.
Tucker : And is that good news or bad news?
Wilson : It's great news. I'll get you a room and start you on acyclovir.
Wilson : I just had a House moment.
Wilson : Diagnosed Transverse Myelitis from a cold sore.
Wilson : How cool is that?
Wilson : Patients really eat that crap up.
House : It's why I'm loved. What am I doing here?
Thirteen : Ultrasound is clear.
House : Which means he's definitely not pregnant, right?
Chase : No gall stones. Could be diverticulitis.
Chase : Have you eaten any seeds?
Juan : I'm joining you, Antonio Aguilar.
Juan : We'll play in God's Mariachi band.
House : Draw some blood.
House : The self-important jerk does not have Transverse Myelitis.
House : He's got cancer.
Wilson : How do you even...
UNK: Okay.
House : Maybe I paid the redhead down in records a few bucks
House : to CC me on all your cases.
House : A few patients die, you might get sad again,
House : make a speech that would end your career.
UNK: Frankly, I'm stalking you for you.
House : How long does a simple blood draw take?
Thirteen : Almost finished.
House : Well, when you're finished almost finishing it, test it.
UNK: My stomach was ripped open by the hand of God.
Juan : He spilled my blood.
Thirteen : Confusion. Delirium.
House : Why rule out the hand of God so fast?
House : Your guy's low white count and right arm paralysis
House : equals a recurrence of his leukemia. Simple math.
Wilson : Did you look past the first page of the file?
Wilson : No AML cells anywhere. I did the blood smears myself.
House : It's still cancer. You know how I know?
House : He's got an oncologist for a doctor.
Wilson : And your magical leukemia detector
Wilson : is more powerful than a flow cytometer?
House : I look for zebras because other doctors rule out all the horses.
House : In this case, you are those other doctors.
House : You haven't earned a zebra.
UNK: Hundred bucks. Are you serious?