UNK: Aikoa Tanaka : But when my parents died, at their funeral,
UNK: Aikoa Tanaka : we made peace.
UNK: Aikoa Tanaka : Our parents must have blessed it.
Wilson : And I'm sure they would want him to do good
Wilson : with his last act in this world.
UNK: Aikoa Tanaka : They wanted us to be friends.
UNK: Aikoa Tanaka : Our relationship wasn't strong, but it was growing.
UNK: Aikoa Tanaka : If I allow you to defile his body,
UNK: Aikoa Tanaka : it will destroy that bond.
UNK: Aikoa Tanaka : The itai will be harmed.
Wilson : It will save my patient's life.
House : What if I told you that he wasn't dead?
UNK: Aikoa Tanaka : Are you saying my brother's still alive?
House : I'm saying you're being an idiot,
House : but I don't have time to talk you out of your religion,
House : so I'm stuck with giving you a technicality
House : that will let you justify doing the right thing.
UNK: What if his last living act
UNK: Was to donate a part of his liver?
UNK: Not the whole thing, just one small piece.
UNK: Aikoa Tanaka : Then I'm not defiling a dead body.
UNK: House. The last generous act of a living person.
Wilson : House. It's too late.
UNK: The liver started to degrade.
Wilson : It's no longer viable for transplant.
House : Well played. Religion just killed another person.
Tucker : It's not fair, Jim.
Tucker : You just helped me get my family back together.
Tucker : I'm not ready.
Tucker : I would've had six more months with them
Tucker : if you hadn't given me that extra chemo.
Tucker : Now I have less than one day.
Ashley : I'm sorry. We knew the risks.
Tucker : I don't want to lose them again.
Tucker : I can't lose them again.
Wilson : There's nothing more we can do.
Tucker : Five years ago, when I needed a transfusion, you used your own blood.
Tucker : We have the same type,
Tucker : which means you can give me a part of your liver.
Wilson : I'm your doctor.
Tucker : You're my friend.
Tucker : Should I die because you're also my doctor?
Wilson : Of course not.
Tucker : Fine then, you're fired.
Tucker : Now you're just my friend.
Tucker : Now you can do what's right.
Wilson : Tucker, it's...
Tucker : I can't.
House : Late night with the Pigeon sisters?
Wilson : Every now and again,
Wilson : I'd like to come home without getting interrogated.
UNK: Someone's cranky. And late. Where were you?
UNK: Was getting a drink.
Wilson : Why are all my frozen dinners thawing on the counter?
House : I needed room for my margarita jello shots.
House : I used test tubes as bottles
House : so they'll be shaped like my cane.
UNK: Why did you go out drinking alone
House : when you got such great company here?
Wilson : Tucker wants me to donate a lobe of my liver to him.
UNK: You were out drinking because you're actually considering this?
Wilson : Yeah, I was out marinating my liver in alcohol
Wilson : to get it ready for the transplant. Yeah.
House : Your mouth says no,
House : but your pathetic attempt at a deflection
House : has guilt written all over it.
Wilson : It's my fault. It is my fault.
Wilson : I gave him too much chemo.
House : You cured his cancer.
Wilson : And killed him in the process.
UNK: Quibbles.
House : He's had a predictable complication.
House : Surprise. Bad things happen to people who are sick.
House : Doesn't make you responsible.
UNK: Oh. Not legally, ethically. Ethically.
Wilson : A table is a table.
House : Don't be a doormat, Wilson.
Wilson : Boy, you are... You willfully ruined my food
Wilson : and have taken over my living room
Wilson : because you already think I am a doormat.
Wilson : You know what?
Wilson : You're wrong.
Wilson : Clean up your stuff and get out.
Wilson : You're wrong.
Cuddy : How's Tucker?
UNK: Still no dancing. But the scans came in on Del Clinton.