House : Well, that's dull.
UNK: You think the FMRI's gonna show a big arrow
Foreman : pointing to a flashing sign saying "savantism"?
UNK: It would be hugely helpful.
House : Somehow he got rewired as a music specialist.
UNK: I want to know how that happens.
UNK: He has access to parts of the brain that you don't.
House : His brain's doing nothing.
UNK: He looks like any jerk listening.
Foreman : He's not a savant at listening, he's a savant at playing.
UNK: Well, listening and playing are
UNK: two different neurological processes.
House : Turn off the music.
House : Kid's a moron.
UNK: MACHINE BEEPING
UNK: Wow.
House : Cool, huh?
House : His heart rate rose.
Foreman : Emotional response?
UNK: Then why's there no activity in the limbic system?
House : Unless there's a problem with his heart.
House : Do an echo to confirm.
House : And scrub up. He's gonna need surgery.
UNK: It wasn't dystonia.
Foreman : He's got a heart condition that caused
Foreman : the arteries in his arm to constrict.
Cameron : Do you have any idea why House would want to go to Boston?
Foreman : The chowder?
Cameron : Plane tickets this Friday.
Cameron : I opened his mail.
Cameron : I heard there's an opening at Harvard for Division Chief,
Cameron : Infectious Disease.
UNK: Ambition is not one of his more prominent traits.
UNK: Although...
UNK: What?
Foreman : He was testing blood in the clinic.
UNK: I don't think it was a patient's blood.
Cameron : Why? It was green?
Foreman : No, he was checking for routine stuff.
Foreman : Makes sense if he's looking for
Foreman : basic medical clearance for employment.
Chase : I'm going home.
Cameron : No, you're not.
Chase : He could show up any minute.
Cameron : Not with a savant to obsess about.
Cameron : I'll take in here. Bedroom's down the hall.
Chase : You've been here?
Cameron : Where else would the bedroom be?
Chase : Come with?
Cameron : You're scared of him catching us breaking into his home
Cameron : but you're not scared of him catching us doing it in his bed?
UNK: If I'm gonna get fired anyway...
Foreman : Almost at the heart. Ablating and done.
UNK: Heart rate's 160. It's accelerating.
UNK: He's at 210!
UNK: He's in supraventricular tachycardia.
UNK: Paddles!
UNK: Charging.
UNK: Clear!
Chase : We're wasting our time.
Cameron : His high-school yearbook.
Chase : Unless you think he's going to Boston
Chase : to attend a high-school reunion,
Chase : put it back and let's get out of here before he comes home.
Cameron : He's not smiling.
CHASE : I wonder if he has teeth.
Chase : What's the area code for Boston?
UNK: 617, why?
Cuddy : Did you think you could steal Dr. House without a fight?
Cuddy : Quit jerking me around. I know he's coming out there.
Cuddy : He's called you six times in the last month.
Cuddy : You think if you keep repeating it, I'll start believing you?
Cuddy : If he's not coming there for a job interview,