UNK: Maybe he still has random neurons firing.
Cameron : You're just looking for a puzzle to distract you from your own situation.
House : You're right, he's dead. Let's go home.
UNK: What did you find out?
UNK: Dr. Obyedkov : Is he gonna be okay?
UNK: Dr. Medick : I'm sorry. Yes!
House : What's this?
House : A piano.
House : What's this?
UNK: He's obviously lost use...
Foreman : Shut up.
House : Music is a global process.
UNK: You can't play the piano with half a brain.
Foreman : What's it mean?
House : Means the right side of his brain has always sucked.
House : Means it's not relevant to what's going on now.
Foreman : Wow. Then it's autoimmune. Yeah.
House : Question is what do we do about it?
UNK: Most likely ones we can fix.
Foreman : Polyarteritis nodosa, Takayasu or Sarcoid.
Foreman : I'll start treatment.
House : Not what I was talking about.
House : But, yeah, you do that.
House : Your turn?
Chase : Do you have to do that?
House : You mean cheapen everyone's attempt at a human moment
House : by identifying the real calculations that go into it?
UNK: Yeah. Yeah, I do.
Chase : I'm sorry you're dying, I'm gonna hug you.
Chase : Anything to say?
House : If you're considering grabbing my ass,
House : don't start anything you can't finish.
UNK: Well, as long as we're just standing here, you mind if we work?
House : How's the kid's treatment going?
House : Are you crying?
UNK: No.
Chase : Respiration rate's up.
UNK: Seizures are calming down. It's all good.
House : Not for what I'm gonna do next.
Chase : There is no next. He's gonna be fine.
House : Only if he wants to remain a four-year-old who wets his bed.
Chase : There's nothing else for him.
House : There's better. Thanks for the hug.
UNK: DOORBELL BUZZING
UNK: DOORBELL CONTINUES BUZZING
Cuddy : It's the middle of the night.
UNK: You knew I'd be asleep.
House : Phone would have woken you up just as much.
UNK: And I can't see what you're wearing on the phone.
UNK: My patient with the 55 IQ has Takayasu syndrome.
House : Very uncommon.
House : Happens mostly in Asian women.
Cuddy : Takayasu is manageable with steroids, which you already know.
Cuddy : So I assume you're here for something else.
House : My patient also has a significant seizure problem.
Cuddy : Also manageable with anticonvulsant medication.
UNK: Yes, and if he kept taking his anticonvulsant medication,
House : he could go back on tour and play the piano.
House : But a hemispherectomy
House : would completely stop the right-brain seizure activity
House : and he would no longer need to take
UNK: his anticonvulsant medication.
Cuddy : You want to remove half his brain?
House : The right half.
House : It would be irresponsible to remove the left.
Cuddy : You don't remove half a brain and gain function!
House : Not my brain. But his? Who knows? What?
UNK: Let's say that I'm the left side of Patrick's brain.
UNK: I'm quick-witted, I'm charming, I'm great looking.
House : You're the right side of his brain.
House : You're useless, old, damaged.
House : We go to a bar for a drink.
House : Now, I have the mad skills to be scoring all the hot babes,
House : but instead I'm spending my time wiping drool off your chin
House : and making sure you don't eat the tablecloth.
UNK: What's the father want to do?
House : I don't know.
Cuddy : So go wake him up.
Cuddy : House, I'm so sorry.
House : Forgot I was dying, huh?
Cuddy : I'm here if you need me.
House : I need you.