House : A little whorish to kiss and stab.
Cameron : You kissed back.
House : I didn't want you to die without knowing the feeling.
House : Actually, no woman should die without knowing the feeling.
UNK: All we need is a few drops of your blood.
House : Foreman and Chase's lips are not gonna get so close,
House : now that I know your plan.
Cameron : There's a nurse downstairs about to risk his job
Cameron : to steal the blood you drew from yourself yesterday.
UNK: I'm patient number 020406,
House : in the record room, under the name Luke N. Laura.
UNK: There's a whole vial of blood in there along with CT scans,
UNK: MRls, CSF. Everything you need.
UNK: If you need a sperm sample, come back without the needle.
UNK: Six centimeter mass in his dorsal midbrain,
Foreman : extending into the temporal lobe.
Foreman : That's inoperable.
Cameron : What kind of time does he have?
Foreman : He's got a year.
UNK: MACHINE BEEPING
UNK: Nurse! Nurse!
UNK: Here's the consent from Boston for the cancer drug trial.
Cameron : Any description of the process or previous trials?
UNK: Yep. Any chance it'll work?
Foreman : No. It's not even designed to work.
UNK: Why would he...
Foreman : It's designed to treat depression in terminal cancer patients.
Chase : He doesn't seem depressed.
UNK: DOOR BANGING
UNK: Okay, let's assume that I am dying,
House : which I specifically told you not to assume.
House : Can we at least assume that I'm not dying tomorrow?
House : Whereas this kid...
UNK: PET revealed several more hot spots but they're non-specific.
Foreman : How can you focus on him?
UNK: It's the only way I can cope.
UNK: PET also showed a left brain that's working hard.
Foreman : Harder than the right?
House : Wouldn't be worth mentioning otherwise.
Cameron : Bleeding in the brain, blood would irritate the lining,
Cameron : might cause the seizures to get worse.
House : Yes, he needs an angiogram to look at the vasculature inside his brain.
Chase : We'll get right on it as soon as we're finished here.
House : Don't get up. I got it. You're busy. Continue.
House : You know what my team is doing right now?
UNK: No.
UNK: They're trying to figure out what's wrong with me.
Patrick : What's wrong with you?
House : Thanks for asking.
UNK: They've found out that I'm dying.
Patrick : That's sad.
House : Everyone's dying.
Patrick : That's sad.
UNK: If a meteor lands on my head tomorrow, it's all academic.
House : I told them to leave me alone. But did they?
House : Did they?
House : That one was rhetorical.
UNK: Oh.
House : No, they did not.
House : Who the hell were you before you hit your head?
UNK: Hell is a bad word.
UNK: So is "ass" and "bitch."
UNK: I could probably rattle off 50 much more
UNK: complicated and disgusting ones,
House : but then your dad would get pissed at me.
UNK: You like your life?
Patrick : What life?
House : Your life.