UNK: And while you're figuring out the best way to coax a patient
UNK: into a treatment that has an 85% mortality rate,
UNK: here's some advice, don't.
Masters : I'm not gonna lie to him.
House : You have a math degree, so let's see if you can follow along here.
House : You lie to him.
House : He definitely consents, he might live.
House : You tell him the truth, like last time, he might not consent.
House : He definitely dies.
House : Remind me what's so wrong about lying.
Masters : We're going to inject you with Hepatitis A.
UNK: Masters looking At Taub Then At Joe : That doesn't sound like medicine.
Masters : I know it seems counterintuitive, but in some people,
Masters : the virus can enhance immune function
Masters : and clear out the Hepatitis C.
UNK: Some?
UNK: How many are we talking about?
Masters : A fair amount.
Dugan : Give me a percentage. What are the odds of this thing working?
UNK: There's an 85% chance that this will kill you.
UNK: So you want to give me something that works 15% better than arsenic?
Masters : Technically, it works infinitely better because arsenic has a 0%
UNK: chance.
Masters : This is your only shot.
Masters : Both Dr. House and I believe that.
Masters : He faked a blood test
Masters : in order to get you approved for this treatment,
Masters : and then, he tried to bribe me into lying to you about the risks.
Masters : If either of those incidents came to light,
Masters : he'd be suspended and probably lose his license.
House : I'm sure some other people would suffer.
Masters : He's risking his career to give you this chance.
Masters : He wouldn't do that if there was any other choice.
Masters : I did it and I didn't have to lie.
House : And you feel good about that.
UNK: Yes.
House : So I'm hiring an idiot.
Masters : You can pretend you wanted me to lie, but you didn't.
Masters : You want the people on your team to challenge you.
Masters : Otherwise, you'd just be a bully instead of a great doctor.
Masters : You hired me because I don't compromise my principles.
House : Or I want a front row seat
House : when you wake up and realize how useless your principles are.
House : I don't want you to just lie to a patient,
House : I want you to want to lie to a patient.
Masters : It's not gonna happen.
House : See you tomorrow.
UNK: I heard that Dugan is already responding to treatment.
Masters : Yeah, his ALT level is already beginning to normalize.
UNK: I want to apologize for the way I've...
UNK: Wait.
Masters : You interviewed me, right?
Taub : For Hopkins?
Taub : Oh, my God. You're right.
UNK: Wow.
UNK: Taub looking As If He Just Figured It Out : That memory of yours...
Masters : I wanted to say something the first day.
UNK: I've felt really awkward about the whole thing.
Taub : Don't worry about it.
Taub : Is this Grandma's tea cozy?
UNK: What?
UNK: Nothing. I'll see you upstairs.
House : If I knew hiring her meant dealing with medical school paperwork,
UNK: I might have reconsidered.
House : You really got nothing better to do than watch me sign this?
Cuddy : And miss the ultimate admission
Cuddy : that I was right about Masters all along?
House : She had me when she called you a coward.
UNK: You heading out?
Cuddy : I have to work late.
Cuddy : Gloating requires a lot of paperwork.
Nurse : Do you know where the Senator's records are?
Cuddy : House was treating Anderson's campaign manager,
Cuddy : not the Senator himself.
UNK: Oh.
Cuddy : Why did you think he was a patient?
Nurse : House saw him in the clinic. I guess it wasn't medical.
UNK: When?
UNK: Friday, around 3 : 00.
Cuddy : House's team ran a Hep C test on Joe Dugan on Friday.
Cuddy : Can you look up the time?
UNK: Chase, Taub and Foreman were running tests all night.
UNK: All negative.
UNK: Positive test at 3 : 17 p.m.
UNK: House ran it himself.
UNK: Is everything okay?
Cuddy : I don't think so.