House : You obviously don't fit into that category, so why put yourself there?
Chase : Masters is right
Masters : about a neuro-endocrine tumor.
Chase : Because, yes, Dugan has had a loss ofjudgment.
Chase : He made this totally inflammatory
Chase : anti-immigration campaign commercial for Anderson.
Chase : It just got leaked online.
Foreman : You're arguing Dugan's politics
Foreman : are a sign that he's mentally compromised?
Chase : No, his tactics. He's most likely the one who leaked it
Chase : and all the commentators are saying Anderson will catch a major backlash.
UNK: And honesty is a great idea
House : until your patient asks if her distended abdomen makes her look fat.
Foreman : House, I hate to interrupt your ethics debate,
Foreman : but we have two solid ideas on the table.
House : CT from his neck to his abdomen for neuro-endocrine tumors.
UNK: And run a D-dimer and fibrinogen for DIC.
UNK: Masters,
UNK: if lying to a patient would save their life, would you do it?
UNK: No.
House : That's a lie.
House : If your grandma gave you a really crappy tea cozy for Christmas,
House : would you tell her you liked it?
Masters : Yes, but that's different.
House : So you lie when it doesn't matter, but you won't when it does.
House : How'd you get so screwed up?
House : How mad would you be if I fired Masters?
UNK: Very.
Cuddy : Unless you had cause. Real cause.
Cuddy : Cause that a human being would consider cause.
House : Never mind, then.
House : She's got principles.
House : She's like the love child of Einstein and Mary Poppins.
House : Didn't even get Einstein's hair.
Cuddy : It's worth having someone on the team
Cuddy : who doesn't see the world entirely as shades of gray.
House : It is gray. To you.
Cuddy : She has a fresh perspective.
Cuddy : Unless that threatens you.
House : It does not...
House : You thought I'd get defensive, keep her out of pride?
UNK: Cuddy smiles : Girl can hope.
UNK: House,
UNK: Cuddy smiles : I gave this a lot of thought.
UNK: Cuddy smiles : She deserves a chance.
UNK: Cuddy smiles : A real chance.
UNK: Masters worried : House is gonna fire me.
Cuddy : No, he isn't.
Masters : Because you told him not to?
Cuddy : Butting heads with House is par for the course.
Cuddy : House has strong beliefs,
Cuddy : and he respects other people with strong beliefs.
Masters : It's not my beliefs that are the problem.
Masters : It's my personality.
Masters : I'm not good at working with other people.
Cuddy : You've been in there for less than a day.
Masters : I wasn't looking for encouragement, it's a fact.
Masters : Growing up, my whole life, really,
Masters : I spent a lot of time by myself.
Masters : No one in high school wants to hang out with a kid
Masters : that's three years younger than them.
Masters : And studying Anosov diffeomorphisms,
Masters : determining whether an unattributed landscape is a Blakelock or a Ryder...
Masters : I'm actually boring you right now.
Cuddy : And yet, you chose medicine, which is a team activity.
Cuddy : Pretty gutsy, stepping so far outside your comfort zone.
Masters : I'm not trying to prove anything.
Masters : I just wanted to be a doctor.
Masters : It was stupid.
Masters : Nobody can do everything.
Masters : I was vain to think I could be the exception.
UNK: Cuddy in A Reassuring Tone : House doesn't care if you're a team player, or how ethical you are,
UNK: Cuddy in A Reassuring Tone : or how high your IQ is.
UNK: Cuddy in A Reassuring Tone : It's all about the cases.
UNK: Cuddy in A Reassuring Tone : You help him crack this one,
UNK: Cuddy in A Reassuring Tone : you two are gonna get along just fine.
Foreman : We gotta give Masters some pointers.
Foreman : Help her figure out how to deal with House.
Chase : Why would I do that?
Chase : The entertainment factor is off the charts.
UNK: It's like watching a bunny hopping into a buzzsaw, repeatedly.
Foreman : And if we don't help her, she's out of here.
Chase : No, something else is stopping House from firing her.
Chase : I'm guessing it's his desire to keep having sex with Cuddy.
Dugan : This tumor you're looking for, you're not gonna find it.
Dugan : My judgment is completely sound.
Dugan : All right. One, I told you before, I didn't leak that spot.
UNK: Uh-huh.
Dugan : And two,
Dugan : whoever did leak that ad had nothing wrong with their mind either.
Dugan : It's gonna save Anderson.
Chase : That commercial, everyone sees through it.
Chase : You're just trying to play to people's fears.
Dugan : You say fears, I say rational, protective instincts.
Dugan : And judging by your accent,
Dugan : immigration probably isn't an issue
Dugan : you can be real impartial about.
Chase : I waited five years to get my green card.
Chase : If there's anyone who would resent someone
Chase : trying to skip the queue, it'd be me.
Dugan : He doesn't.
Dugan : You know that picture of him with the Mexican flag,
Dugan : seems to be from a pro-amnesty rally?
Dugan : That's from an Amnesty International speech
Dugan : protesting the imprisonment of priests in Oaxaca.
Dugan : You also proved that ad is effective.
Dugan : You still think my judgment is off?
Foreman : Not anymore.
Foreman : There's no sign of a tumor.
Foreman : That leaves DIC.
Foreman : I'll go check how Taub is doing with the blood work.