House : If you do, I'll get you thrown out of medical school.
UNK: Masters horrified : I haven't done anything that would merit that.
House : I know, but unlike you, I'm willing to lie.
Chase : Firing her was a mistake.
Foreman : We need someone like her on the team, keeping us all in check.
House : You're incapable of noticing when I do something inappropriate?
Foreman : We're like the frogs who've been in the pot for a while,
Foreman : we're used to the heat.
Taub : Things have been just fine without Pippi Long-Division.
House : Your opponent's out of the race.
House : You can drop the smear campaign.
UNK: Dugan's developed pulmonary edema, it's not HSP.
Foreman : Masters was right.
Foreman : He didn't want the chemo, he didn't need the chemo.
House : Masters was wrong, he doesn't have HSP.
House : And Masters is gone.
Taub : Could be an infection.
Chase : We had him on Aztreonam for the E coli, he didn't respond.
Taub : Schistosomiasis wouldn't respond to Aztreonam.
House : That's a great idea,
House : if he was running a political campaign in Africa.
House : Guy hasn't been out of the country in years.
Taub : Who needs to travel when you've got a giant fish tank,
Taub : loaded with tropical fish, tropical snails
Taub : carrying tropical bacteria,
UNK: like schistomiasis.
UNK: Go break into his home, get me some escargot.
UNK: Unless you want to ask the patient's permission,
House : as a tribute to the departed.
Cuddy : Need a minute.
Cuddy : You said you were gonna give her a chance.
House : I did. She used that opportunity
House : to endanger our patient's life.
UNK: By insisting he receive the treatment that he asked for.
House : That's what I just said.
Cuddy : Your team is there to challenge you.
UNK: House angry : I didn't fire her because she's a challenge,
UNK: House angry : I fired her because she is an immutable obstacle.
UNK: House angry : You gonna make me hire her? How do you think that'll work out?
UNK: House angry : How do you think that'll work out?
Masters : He's right. I'll just...
UNK: Cuddy determined : You will not quit this job.
UNK: House astonished : What is going on?
UNK: House astonished : I want her gone, she wants to be gone. Why do you care?
UNK: You don't actually think she's a younger version of you?
UNK: House astonished : Because let me tell you, you're not that smart, or moral.
UNK: House astonished : Socially awkward, maybe.
Cuddy : She's a potential star and I want her in my hospital.
House : No problem. Just find her a different department.
UNK: Dugan rolls Up His Sleeve : I think I figured it out,
Chase : why Taub didn't like Masters.
Taub : Now you're getting involved in this, too?
Chase : My previous source of entertainment just got fired.
UNK: Exactly. She's gone. It's over.
Chase : She's totally moral and uptight,
Chase : which made Taub feel badly about his cheating.
Taub : Can we get a move on?
UNK: He didn't like her even before he knew about her morals.
Foreman : From the minute he saw her.
Chase : So it's something about how she looked.
Anderson : All right.
Taub : No snails. Let's get out of here.
UNK: Hello?
UNK: What did you find?
Foreman : Nothing helpful but...
House : Now fluid's collecting in his chest.
House : Where the hell are you guys?
Foreman : In jail.
Foreman : You gonna come bail us out?
UNK: Uh, kind of busy.
House : There you are.
House : I was starting to think that my holier-than-thou-dar was malfunctioning.