UNK: House to The Patient : Look at it like this,
UNK: House to The Patient : of all the ways to rupture it,
UNK: House to The Patient : nothing honors the real Achilles more
UNK: House to The Patient : than blowing the dismount on a keg stand.
Cuddy : What's that smell?
Cuddy : Onions? Peppers?
Cuddy : Oh, I know. It's a sausage-fest.
UNK: Sausage-fest implies multiples.
House : Now if you're talking yardage, I'd have to agree.
Cuddy : I'm talking about your department.
Cuddy : You still haven't replaced Thirteen.
House : It's coming along.
Cuddy : You've had plenty of time to find someone.
House : I've found plenty of someones, just haven't kept them.
Cuddy : It's time to end the cycle.
Cuddy : Meet your new team member.
Cuddy : Her name is Martha M. Masters.
UNK: House takes A Look At It And Holds It Up To Have Cuddy Take It Back : This doctor is not a doctor.
Cuddy : She's a third-year med student.
Cuddy : She graduated high school when she was 15.
Cuddy : She filled out the time before med school
Cuddy : getting PhDs in both applied math and art history.
UNK: Should be incredibly useful if my next patient is an Escher drawing.
House : Those things are seriously screwed up.
Cuddy : This isn't a suggestion.
House : Just because my sausage has been filling your bun
House : doesn't mean you get to decide
House : what flavor chips I nosh on during the day.
UNK: No. I get to do that because I'm your boss.
Taub : Patient is Joe Dugan, 42, political consultant.
Taub : Presents with palpable purpura
Taub : and ALT and AST are through the roof.
House : Otherwise known as rash and liver damage. Fascinating.
Foreman : Senator Anderson sent this case to us
Foreman : and personally requested we take a look.
Foreman : That's reason enough for me.
House : Black guy campaigning for the opposition?
House : Does Obama know about this?
Foreman : I tried calling him on the Brother Hotline. He didn't pick up.
Cuddy : Martha M. Masters?
House : I'm Dr. House. This is the rest of the team,
House : Boring, Bimbo and Bite-Size.
House : Martha enjoys quadratic equations, Italian frescos,
House : and her turn-ons include "learning to be a doctor."
House : Take a seat.
Chase : She's a med student?
House : Cuddy thinks she's some kind of genius.
House : Say something brilliant.
UNK: Oh, I don't...
House : Capital of Azerbaijan. Baku.
House : Year Beethoven died. 1827.
UNK: Twentieth decimal of Euler's number.
UNK: Six.
Masters : It's my favorite constant.
House : She's like the Internet with breasts.
House : No, wait, the Internet has breasts.
Foreman : Our patient's liver damage explains the rash
Foreman : and cryoglobulins we found in his blood,
Foreman : but we can't explain the liver damage.
UNK: He shows no other signs of drug or alcohol abuse...
UNK: Now all you've got to do is figure out
House : which one is Bimbo and which one is Bite-Size.
House : Also which monster truck won the 2004 Thunder Nationals?
Chase : Hep C makes sense.
Foreman : Test came back negative, same for Hep A and B.
House : The answer we were looking for is Virginia Giant.
House : Feel free to chime in on either conversation.
Taub : Hate to steal the spotlight from Small Wonder over here,
Taub : but what about toxic exposure?
UNK: Tetrachloroethylene.
Chase : Could even be pennyroyal or sassafrass oil.
House : Go to his house, get me some chemicals.
UNK: If you wanna stay on this team,
House : have an opinion.