Foreman : I guess when you get on in years,
Foreman : it takes a little longer to run a few simple blood tests.
Taub : This whole "Taub's an old man" thing, kind of rings hollow
Taub : considering I'm in better shape than you are. Pass the dye.
Foreman : You're in rounder shape than me.
UNK: Taub faces Foreman : Tonight after work, meet at the basketball courts in the gym.
Foreman : You do realize you're two and a half feet tall, right?
Taub : And white. And Jewish.
Taub : It'd be very embarrassing.
UNK: I get why you'd want to say no.
UNK: Taub faces Foreman : Tonight, after work.
UNK: Crap.
Anderson : You hear Moreno's latest stump speech?
Anderson : He's gonna clean up Washington.
UNK: Dugan scoffs : Yeah, right. Like any politician
UNK: Dugan scoffs : from New Jersey has ever cleaned up.
UNK: Dugan scoffs : Who else knows that you leaked that ad?
UNK: Dugan scoffs : You and I had the only two copies, Hal.
UNK: Dugan scoffs : I don't care that you did it,
UNK: Dugan scoffs : I just want to make sure it worked.
Anderson : This morning's tracking has me within two points.
Dugan : I told you.
UNK: Dugan smiles : We're gonna pull this thing off.
Taub : Your blood test for DIC came back completely normal.
Dugan : That's good news, right?
UNK: It means the two things we thought it could be, it's not.
Foreman : We checked your home for toxins and didn't find any,
UNK: but it's possible you might have been exposed on the campaign.
Foreman : Have you visited any industrial or agricultural facilities?
Anderson : There was a tomato farm in Lumberton.
UNK: Did they take you into the fields?
Dugan : No one wants a photo op with me. I never leave the bus.
Foreman : Were the windows open? Certain pesticides...
UNK: Foreman?
Dugan : What? What is it?
Foreman : It's not just your liver we have to worry about.
UNK: It looks like your kidneys are having problems, too.
House : So this guy spends his entire life
UNK: campaigning against bleeding hearts.
House : Turns out, he has one.
Masters : Bloody urine actually is a renal problem, not a cardiac one.
House : Yeah. If I say something inaccurate,
House : assume it's for comic effect.
UNK: Then laugh, because it's funny.
UNK: TTP makes sense. Where are his platelets?
UNK: Two hundred thousand. It's not TTP.
Taub : What about Henoch-Schönlein purpura?
Taub : HSP doesn't cause clots.
Foreman : HSP doesn't usually cause clots, but it can.
Foreman : And the vasculitis would explain the kidney problem.
House : She can't diagnose a joke,
House : but she's making progress on the patient.
Masters : We treat with chemotherapy or steroids.
Masters : We treat with chemotherapy.
Masters : I said chemo.
UNK: And then you said "or."
Chase : Once again, the bunny meets the blade.
House : The road to dead patients is paved with "or's."
House : Chemo is the more effective treatment,
House : which means it will confirm our diagnosis more quickly...
Masters : I agree, but there is another option.
House : There are lots of other options.
House : There's bloodletting, crystals, prayer...
Masters : Another medically accepted option.
House : Which is both less effective and less scary.
House : So the patient might just choose it.
House : Unless, of course, we don't mention it to him.
Masters : We can't withhold information.
Masters : If we explain both the benefits and the risks of each treatment,
Masters : I'm sure Dugan will choose chemo.
House : Well, as long as you're sure.
Masters : The better option is chemotherapy.
Masters : It's faster and more likely to completely cure you.
Dugan : I'll take the steroids.
House : Oh, my goodness.
House : If only someone could have predicted
House : that you'd make that incredibly stupid decision.
UNK: Masters to Joe : The nausea and fatigue from chemo
UNK: Masters to Joe : will only last a few weeks.
Dugan : Our poll numbers have stalled,
Dugan : that's five days till the election.
Anderson : Doctor, can you talk some sense into him?
House : Would that I could, but ethics dictate that it's his decision.
House : So all I can do now is return to my office,
UNK: knowing that even as my patient endangers himself,
House : my integrity remains unblemished.
Masters : Please, take some time to think about this.
Dugan : I don't need any time. I want to start on the steroids.