UNK: House to Cuddy : Don't listen to her. She doesn't even work for me.
Cuddy : If you really think that this is the only way to cure him,
Cuddy : I will risk the lawsuit, but I need to know
Cuddy : that he actually has the disease.
Cuddy : Get me proof.
House : I've given you... Proof.
Cuddy : Get me proof he has Hep C and then you can give him Hep A.
Masters : I can't.
Cuddy : You'll figure something out.
UNK: The two of you have a combined IQ north of 300.
House : That's also true of five morons.
UNK: Cuddy to Masters : Go. Work.
Masters : So what do we do now?
House : Considering the fact that I'm about to do something unethical...
Masters : Oh, right, yeah. I'm fired.
House : Missed you. We need a false positive Hep C test.
Foreman : And why would we want to do that?
House : The world changes when you're on the inside.
UNK: You just got to roll with it once you get out.
Chase : You think he contracted Hep C from the Senator, right?
Chase : Test Anderson. If he's positive,
Chase : that's evidence that Dugan has it, too.
House : Evidence. Not proof.
Taub : Are we presenting this to a jury of our peers?
Taub : That should be enough for Cuddy.
House : Should be, but it won't be.
Taub : The test for Hep C is 99.9% accurate.
Taub : That means one in every thousand tests is a false positive.
Taub : We do enough, maybe we get lucky.
Taub : I smell like jail.
UNK: A false false positive. That's the best we can do?
House : Okay, go do it.
UNK: House embarrassed : I have a problem.
UNK: House embarrassed : A medical problem.
UNK: House embarrassed : Which could become...
UNK: House embarrassed : I have lied to Cuddy 10,000 times.
UNK: House angry : How do you think she'd feel about 10,001?
Wilson : I think you probably already know the answer.
House : But it doesn't make any sense.
Wilson : You don't understand why a woman
Wilson : might be upset because her boyfriend lied to her?
House : I wouldn't be lying as her boyfriend,
House : I'd be lying as her employee.
Wilson : That's not how relationships work.
House : My patient is gonna die.
UNK: Does a lie guarantee he'll live?
UNK: No.
UNK: You've got two choices, either be honest
UNK: and face the medical consequences,
UNK: or lie and face the personal consequences.
Anderson : Now that you're my doctor, you can't tell anybody, right?
House : Who would leak a story about a sitting senator
House : who got Hep C from doing cocaine?
House : You didn't fill out any paperwork.
UNK: I'm going to run this test under an assumed name.
House : Trust me, no one will ever know you were here.
House : Blood test confirming Hep C.
House : He got sicker, his viral load came up,
House : finally showed up on the test.
Taub : Thank you.
Cuddy : There was a time when you would have
Cuddy : completely ignored my request.
UNK: It means a lot that you respect me enough to do this.
House : I've come a long way, baby.
UNK: Cuddy smiles : Now if you would only hire a new team member...
House : I'm on it.
House : How would you like to come work for me?
Masters : It's like I'm on a Möbius strip.
House : We've had this conversation. You want this job.
House : Prove yourself to me, no more games.
House : At least the current game ends, others may start.
Dugan : You have my deeply-flawed word.
Masters : What do I have to do?
UNK: Get Dugan to let us give him Hep A.