UNK: House walking To The Door : Thanks for your help.
UNK: House walking To The Door : Oh. And you're fired again.
House : He screwed you.
Dugan : That was a hell of a move.
UNK: He used the ad to shore up the base,
Dugan : fire the extremist to hold the center.
House : No, I mean he actually screwed you.
House : Taking weekend trips down to Bunbury.
House : He's got a red blotch on his hand, that's palmar erythema.
House : That and the fact that he's got a permanent sheen of Nixonian flop sweat.
House : He's got Hepatitis C.
House : Which explains all your symptoms.
Dugan : That's great, but the Senator and I have not had sex.
House : Well, then, the two of you shot up together.
Dugan : How many high-functioning heroin users do you know?
House : Actually, quite a few.
House : Look, I know you've got Hep C.
House : So either you shared a bed together,
House : you shared a needle,
House : or you shared a straw.
Cuddy : I'm talking about coke, not Coke.
Dugan : You can get Hep C from doing cocaine?
Dugan : Look, I will deny it... Don't care.
Dugan : They tested me for Hep C when I came in here, I don't have it.
UNK: Well, apparently your liver picked up a few of your campaign tactics.
UNK: House puts The Interferon Syringe In Joe's Iv : It's hiding all your secrets by producing cryoglobulins
UNK: House puts The Interferon Syringe In Joe's Iv : so the Hep C tests come back negative.
UNK: House puts The Interferon Syringe In Joe's Iv : Now, I could look for all the associated toxins,
UNK: House puts The Interferon Syringe In Joe's Iv : but the plasmapheresis got rid of those.
UNK: House puts The Interferon Syringe In Joe's Iv : So, basically, you've got a disease,
UNK: House puts The Interferon Syringe In Joe's Iv : but there's no way to prove it.
UNK: House puts The Interferon Syringe In Joe's Iv : It's pretty cool, huh?
Dugan : What is that?
House : This is interferon. It delays the onset of rigor mortis.
Chase : When did your lawyer say he was coming to get us?
Taub : He said, and I'm quoting here,
UNK: "Soon."
Dugan : I know...
Foreman : The reason you hated Masters from the moment you saw her...
Dugan : Come on.
Foreman : That was not the first time you saw her.
Chase : That is brilliant.
Taub : It's really not.
Taub : Is that guy seriously using the toilet?
Taub : Oh, my God, he's sitting down.
Foreman : Don't try to change the subject. Did you sleep with her?
UNK: Taub uncomfortable : No wonder he's in jail. Anyone who would do that has no shame.
UNK: Chase to Foreman : Or maybe he tried to sleep with her, and she shot him down.
UNK: Taub sighs : I don't know her.
UNK: Taub sighs : Is he grunting? I think I hear grunting.
Foreman : You realize we're not gonna drop this.
Taub : I didn't sleep with her.
Taub : I interviewed her for Hopkins Med School.
Foreman : So you're holding a grudge because she chose a different school?
Taub : We talked for an hour. She didn't remember me.
Taub : She remembers the 20th digit of some math constant,
Taub : but she doesn't remember a guy she had a one-on-one meeting with.
Chase : I barely remember you.
Taub : Mystery solved.
Taub : Now we can all go back to our lives.
House : Great news.
House : I've decided to re-hire you.
Masters : Find another sounding board.
House : Dugan's got Hep C... I'm not doing this.
UNK: But he's not responding to interferon.
Masters : You must think I have absolutely no self-esteem.
House : Ethics and self-esteem? You really are a pain in the ass.
House : What treats Hep C besides interferon?
Masters : Now you want me to talk?
UNK: Yeah.
House : Come on. Stop pretending you're not gonna do this.
UNK: As much you hate me, you hate failing more.
Masters : I didn't fail. You fired me, repeatedly.
House : But if you walk away now, after I just re-hired you, that's quitting.
Masters : A German research study showed
Masters : that 15% of patients with Hep C
Masters : were cured after contracting Hep A.
Masters : Of course other studies have shown that up to 85%
Masters : of doubly-infected patients die very quickly.
Masters : So, in theory, if we can find something that mimics Hep A...
UNK: There is one thing that mimics Hep A,
Foreman : Hep A.
House : Good work.
House : You're fired.
UNK: No.
House : Hep A could cure him.
Cuddy : Better chance it will kill him.
House : Tell the lab to release a Hep A culture to me. We'll see who's right.
Cuddy : It's not an approved treatment and exposes us to liability.
UNK: House puts The Interferon Syringe In Joe's Iv : There's no way I can let you do this.
Masters : That's an extremely cowardly position.
House : Listen to the genius.
Cuddy : You're the one that insisted he run this by me.
Masters : It's proper protocol for an unconventional treatment.
Masters : But we shouldn't compromise patient care just to avoid lawsuits.
Cuddy : What about the fact that we don't have any proof he actually has Hep C?
UNK: Masters whispers To House : That is a perfectly valid objection.