Freddy : I was hired to retrieve the painting.
Hayley : - By who? - Tom Gilliam. Head of The Falcon Unit.
Beckett : That's who hired Justin to transport it.
Beckett : Why would they want you to steal it from him?
Graham : I don't know.
Freddy : But Gilliam was really upset when he hired me to hunt Justin down.
Freddy : Told me to do whatever it took to get the painting back.
Freddy : So I hacked the GPS in Justin's car and followed him to the garage.
Freddy : But by the time I got there,
Freddy : he was already dead, and the painting was gone.
Beckett : What time did you get there?
UNK: Didn't get to the garage till 10 : 20.
UNK: Allright. Thanks.
UNK: Cabbie confirms Freddy's story.
Ryan : So he arrived after Mia called 911.
Esposito : Which means he ain't our guy.
Esposito : So how do you want to go at this Falcon Unit dude?
UNK: I say we hit him hard.
Esposito : Guys like this only respond to intimidation.
UNK: Is that the way it's gonna be now?
UNK: "I got this big promotion. I say we do it this way."
UNK: Hey, no. we can do it your way. How do you want to play it?
Ryan : I say we go at him hard.
Ryan : Excuse me. Tom Gilliam?
Ryan : I'm Detective Ryan, this is Detective Esposito.
Ryan : We just have a few questions about the murder of Justin Fletcher.
UNK: Tom Gilliam : A real tragedy, but I don't know anything about it.
Esposito : That's funny, 'cause Freddy Stark says you do.
Gilliam : How can I help you?
Ryan : Well, you can start by telling us why you hired Freddy
Ryan : to steal that painting back from your own employee.
UNK: You got it all wrong. I didn't hire Freddy to steal it.
Gilliam : I hired him to retrieve it.
Gilliam : Justin stole it from us.
Esposito : That doesn't make sense.
Esposito : You hired Justin to transport the painting.
Gilliam : No. I hired someone else.
Gilliam : Transporters work on commission, payable upon delivery.
UNK: And the commission for that painting was six figures.
Gilliam : Justin must have gotten greedy and jumped the job.
Gilliam : We didn't realize until the real transporter arrived
Gilliam : to pick up the painting and it was gone.
Esposito : Then who's the real transporter?
Esposito : Liam Hollister, ex-British mercenary.
Esposito : Kicked out of the French Foreign Legion for being too violent.
Ryan : According to Hayley, Liam is Falcon's go-to guy for big moneyjobs.
Esposito : I don't think he'd take too kindly to Justin stealing his commission.
UNK: Might go rogue.
Ryan : So he tracked Justin to that garage and traded two bullets for that painting.
Esposito : You think he'd be rolling around in something a little more subtle
UNK: - after committing murder. - Yeah.
Esposito : Hey, bro.
Esposito : Are we good?
Ryan : Yeah, of course. why do you even ask?
UNK: 'Cause you've been acting weird all day.
Esposito : And I know that you're bummed,
Esposito : but you never even gave me props for passing.
Ryan : Yeah, Javi, you're right, man.
Ryan : Congratulations, man. Really.
Esposito : Thanks, bro.
Esposito : Here we go.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Hey! Hey!
Esposito : Go left.
UNK: - Javi! Are you okay? - No!
Esposito : You shot me in the ass!
UNK: Ah!