Hayley : The Falcon Unit, it's a private company that specializes in transporting
Hayley : sensitive and occasionally illegal items for wealthy clients.
Esposito : So our victim was a transporter. Like the movie?
Ryan : That explains the armored sports car and secret compartment.
Beckett : So what was in the briefcase?
Hayley : I'm afraid the answer to that comes with a price.
Hayley : I want in on the investigation.
Beckett : And what's in this for you?
Hayley : The item in the briefcase has a rather large insurance policy.
Hayley : The insurance company's hired me to recover it.
Beckett : You know, this isn't a treasure hunt. We're trying to solve a homicide.
Hayley : And your victim was killed for that briefcase.
UNK: So, you find your killer, I find my missing item,
Hayley : everyone goes home happy. Hmm?
UNK: Okay.
Ryan : So what was our victim hired to transport?
UNK: A Van Gogh. Lost since world war II.
Hayley : Purchased at auction three weeks ago for $65 million.
UNK: A long-Iost Van Gogh. Sold for a fortune.
Beckett : How come this wasn't on the Internet?
UNK: The painting has a complicated history.
Hayley : It was looted several times during the war.
Hayley : Which made an above-board sale impossible.
Hayley : So it was auctioned secretly in Zurich. With potential buyers bidding remotely.
Ryan : We should get a list of the other bidders. Maybe one of the losers tried to steal it.
Hayley : I already tried.
UNK: The auction house isn't playing ball.
Hayley : They give up their clients, they lose their business.
Beckett : You know what? I'll reach out to the State Department.
UNK: See ifthey can apply a little pressure.
UNK: I think I found our killer.
UNK: An ATM camera caught a guy matching our witness's description
UNK: exiting the parking garage at 10 : 30.
UNK: That's 15 minutes after the murder.
Beckett : How come he was still around?
Hayley : Probably stashing the briefcase.
Esposito : Two minutes later, a subway cam caught him hopping the F train.
UNK: Now, his MetroCard was purchased
Esposito : with a credit card belonging to a Freddy Stark.
UNK: A low-Ievel dirtbag with a history of B&E and violent assault.
Beckett : - Nice job, Sarge. - Yeah.
Castle : So, Beckett and I have been married almost a year.
Castle : And things were going great.
Castle : And then suddenly she says she needs space.
Mia : - Why is that my problem? - Oh, it's not.
UNK: But I was just thinking, you're so attuned to pheromone output,
Castle : you could help me with my interactions with Beckett.
Castle : Let me know when I'm being charming. Let me know when I'm annoying her.
Mia : You mean like this? Hey, Castle, you're being annoying.
UNK: Yes.
Castle : Only I'm thinking more like a secret hand gesture so she doesn't...
Castle : - You mean right now. - Yeah.
Mia : Listen, you're actually fairly inoffensive on an odor level,
Mia : but I am not a people person.
Mia : And I have zero interest in becoming one.
Castle : - Let me in. Let me convince you. - Forget it.
Mia : No one goes inside but me.
UNK: Well, that sounds lonely.
UNK: It's not. Uh... No. I'm not...
Castle : Five minutes.
Castle : If I haven't convinced you, you can just kick me out.
UNK: Fine.
Mia : But you have to be decontaminated.
Castle : Sounds like fun.
UNK: Whoa!
UNK: Wow!
UNK: Whoa!
Castle : Ah. You work from home?
Mia : I consult for a perfume company as a professional nose,
Mia : specializing in primal attraction.
Castle : And yet you live alone and never have visitors.
Mia : I see people.
Mia : I go into the office once a week.
Mia : It's all I can handle.
Mia : And besides, Iook what happens when you leave.
UNK: You wind up riding an elevator with a sweaty killer.
Castle : You could smell his sweat.
Mia : And his gun.
Castle : What else?
UNK: Nothing.
UNK: Bull.
UNK: You're like a bloodhound. You just don't want to get involved.
Castle : But I'm betting you could identify this killer ifyou smelled him again.
Castle : That's nice.
UNK: - You're an art fan, Freddy? - I like comic books.
Hayley : - How about Van Gogh? - I've never heard of him.
UNK: Where were you at 10 : 15 this morning?
Freddy : I was uptown walking my cat.
Hayley : And yet we have proof that you were in the East Village committing a homicide.
Freddy : Never happened. My cat hates the East Village.
UNK: Captain?
UNK: Um.