Hollister : It's like you said, I confronted Justin. But he apologized.
Hollister : He knew he did me wrong, so he gave me back the painting, and I left.
UNK: Someone else must've come after me and shot him.
Ryan : Do you really expect us to believe that?
UNK: No,
Hollister : but it's the truth.
Becket : This case against Liam is pretty circumstantial.
Esposito : Hopefully, ballistics can match his gun to the murder weapon.
UNK: Yawn.
Mia : I need food. Now.
Mia : And just so you know,
Mia : when hungry, I do have a tendency to become irritable.
Castle : You? Irritable? I don't believe it.
Hayley : Beautiful, isn't it?
Hayley : How long before I can return it to my employer?
Beckett : Well, that's up to the DA.
Mia : It's a forgery, you know.
Beckett : - What? - How do you know?
Beckett : You can smell it.
Mia : Oil paint takes many years to become fully dry.
Mia : That smells way too fresh to be from the 19th century.
UNK: That's definitely not the painting that was in the killer's briefcase.
Esposito : Maybe Liam was telling the truth.
Ryan : If he was, it would explain why Justin gave up the painting so easily.
Ryan : He knew it was a fake.
Beckett : Which means the real killer is still out there with the real painting.
Castle : I love it when there's a twist!
Mia : And I love it when my belly's full.
Castle : I'm getting takeout right now.
Mia : Restaurant food?
Mia : Hell, no.
Mia : Home cooking only.
Mia : Everything has to be steamed, with zero,
Mia : and, I mean, zero seasoning.
Mia : If I even smell or see a speck of salt, somebody's gonna get hurt.
Mia : You're my ride, Castle, let's go.
UNK: Man.
UNK: Well, Mia, ifyou have a hankering for a bland meal,
UNK: I have a treat for you. My mother's cooking.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : I heard that, Richard.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : I think gratitude would be appropriate
UNK: Martha Rodgers : since I am steaming this ridiculous meal for you.
Mia : Martha Rodgers?
Martha : Yes? I'm sorry, have we met?
UNK: Uh...
Mia : May 19th, 1999. I saw you perform in Pippin.
UNK: Oh, my God. You remember that?
UNK: Oh, yeah. Off-Off-Broadway...
Castle : Uh, Mother, that was New Jersey.
UNK: Off-Off-Broadway, as I said.
Martha : Well, isn't this nice.
Martha : So you liked the production?
Mia : - No. Hated it. - Oh.
Mia : Plus the theater smelled like Limburger gravy
Mia : on a hot summer's day.
UNK: But you... You were amazing.
Castle : Really? So, all day with a bestselling author, nothing.
Castle : Twenty seconds with my mother,
Castle : you're a tweener at a Taylor Swift concert?
Martha : Don't be a hater, Richard. It's the power of theater.
Martha : Go on. Go on. You were raving.
Mia : Your performance, it was so moving
Mia : that I completely forgot how horrible my real life was.
UNK: It was just... It was the best day ever.
UNK: Oh!
UNK: Sweetheart.
Mia : And you barely stink.
Castle : Coming from her, that's high praise.
UNK: Hey, Beckett. I've got something... we've got something.
UNK: Yeah, it's what I said.
Esposito : - That's not what you said. - Okay, it's what I meant.
Beckett : Okay, you both get gold stars for the day
UNK: ifjust one ofyou can tell me what's going on.
UNK: We did some digging into this painting's tortured history.
Esposito : Stolen during world war II,
Esposito : it ended up in a private collection before coming up for auction.
Ryan : Apparently stolen artwork like this rarely ends up in the hands of its owner.
Beckett : What does any of this have to do with Justin's murder?
UNK: Everything.
Esposito : The Van Gogh is connected to somebody we know.
Beckett : - Who? - Two years ago,
Ryan : there was a failed legal claim
Ryan : on behalf of the family who the painting was stolen from.
Esposito : And guess who filed it?
Martha : Oh, so glad you wanted a second helping.
Mia : Thank you, Martha. It's perfect.
Castle : I think my palate fell asleep.
UNK: Oh.
Martha : That'll be the takeout for you and me. Well done.
UNK: Mmm.
UNK: Hello...
Castle : Mother, what exactly did you order?