Lorenzo : Mr. Castle, you're coming with me.
UNK: Oh, no, he is not.
Castle : Mother, it's all right.
Castle : Okay. So, who are you?
UNK: Who I am is not important.
Lorenzo : It's who you are that is.
Lorenzo : You're married to the Captain of the 12th Precinct,
Lorenzo : where a certain work of art is being held.
Lorenzo : You're going to go and get it for me.
Castle : Give me one good reason why I should.
Lorenzo : - I'll give you two. - Oh, my God!
Castle : Okay, okay, put the gun back to me. Point it at me.
Lorenzo : Look, that painting belongs to my family.
Lorenzo : My father spent his life trying to find it.
Lorenzo : He died a broken man.
Lorenzo : There's no way I'm going to let it sit in some billionaire's man cave.
Castle : Okay, I get it. I do.
Castle : And I want to help you. Honestly.
Castle : But I can't get that painting even if I tried.
Lorenzo : And why is that?
UNK: Lucy's not gonna let me.
UNK: Who the hell's Lucy?
Castle : - She's right behind you. - Technically, I'm to his left.
Castle : Did you see that? Knocked him out with one punch!
Martha : - And he wasn't the only one. - Ow!
UNK: Oops.
UNK: Rick?
Beckett : Are you okay?
Castle : Far from it.
Castle : I think Mia is going to sue us for everything we've got.
UNK: Yeah. You broke my money maker!
Castle : I said I was sorry.
Beckett : Uh, there's more bad news.
Beckett : Lorenzo's not our killer.
Beckett : I spoke with his co-workers. He's got a rock-solid alibi.
Castle : Well, that makes sense.
UNK: If he was the one that killed Justin, he'd already have the Van Gogh,
UNK: and he wouldn't have asked me to steal the fake one.
Lorenzo : Hold on.
Lorenzo : The Van Gogh you recovered is the forgery?
Beckett : How do you know about the forgery?
UNK: Lorenzo, you are in a world oftrouble.
Beckett : Your best bet is to tell us everything you know. Now.
UNK: I've spent my entire adult life searching for that painting.
Lorenzo : When I heard it was coming up for auction,
Lorenzo : I tried to get my boss to buy it.
Beckett : - But he wouldn't. - No.
Lorenzo : But I knew Justin from some of his deliveries.
UNK: He did some research.
Lorenzo : Learned that we had three weeks before the painting was to be moved,
Lorenzo : so we hatched a plan.
Lorenzo : Justin would jump Liam's transporterjob,
Lorenzo : and switch the Van Gogh with the fake.
Beckett : - And you provided the forgery? - No.
Lorenzo : From the very beginning, Justin said he knew a guy.
Lorenzo : That's why he went to the parking garage,
Lorenzo : to pick up the forged painting.
UNK: Beckett.
Castle : Whoever forged that painting is the killer.
Castle : He killed Justin for the real Van Gogh.
Beckett : But Justin gave Liam the fake in the parking garage.
Castle : Yeah, so?
Beckett : So the exchange happened before Liam even arrived.
Castle : That doesn't mean the killer was gone. He could have just been hiding.
Castle : What if Liam drove up just as the swap was taking place?
Beckett : - Then the killer would take cover. - Right.
Castle : So Liam drives away with the forgery,
UNK: the killer comes back out, kills Justin for the real one.
Beckett : That's a possibility.
Beckett : Then the question is, how do we identify this mystery man?
Castle : By his smell.
Beckett : Well, that's a great idea, Castle, but you literallyjust broke "The Nose."
Castle : Then it's up to us.
Beckett : Justin parked here to meet with the forger.
Beckett : Which means Liam must have driven in from over there.
Castle : So the killer must have headed away from here to avoid being spotted.
UNK: But, you know, the stairwell's the best option,
Beckett : but that's on the opposite side.
Castle : Mia said the killer smelled Iike nail polish remover.
Beckett : Yeah, which is unusual.
UNK: What's that noise?
Beckett : Sounds like an air conditioning unit on its last legs.
Castle : - That's it! - What's it?
Castle : Nail polish remover smells Iike nail polish remover
UNK: because of its active ingredient, acetone.
Castle : Air conditioning units leak,
Castle : specifically, they leak Freon.
Castle : - Freon smells like acetone. - Like acetone.
UNK: The killer must've been standing next to a Freon leak.
UNK: He probably squeezed up against this pillar,
Castle : and that's how he got the Freon transferred onto him.
UNK: And, uh, this may very well be his hair.
Castle : We have the killer's DNA.