Ryan : It's Castle. He's on the phone, he says he's got a break in the case.
Beckett : What case?
Beckett : This case?
Beckett : How does he even know about this case?
Castle : Now, is that any way to talk to the man who can ID your killer?
Hayley : Wait, you can ID him?
Castle : - Well, no. But Mia can. - No, I can't.
Hayley : Who's Mia?
Castle : She's an eyewitness. Well, technically, she's a nose-witness.
Mia : Please put that down.
Beckett : She shared an elevator with our killer, who was wearing a mask.
Castle : That doesn't matter. Because she can ID him by his smell.
UNK: Yeah, she said that he smelled like gunpowder.
UNK: Look, I'm gonna hang up. This isn't time for party games.
Mia : It's not a party game.
Hayley : Okay, then tell us something unique about the killer's scent.
UNK: Yeah.
Mia : There was a hint of nail polish remover.
UNK: A six-foot-tall guy who smells Iike nail polish remover?
Beckett : This is a waste of time.
Castle : Hang on. Tell her the thing.
Mia : Okay, how about this?
Mia : There was an old oil painting in that briefcase.
UNK: Boom.
Beckett : How do you know that?
Mia : Are you slow? I smelled it.
Mia : Are you sure you want her back? 'Cause I think you can do better.
UNK: Beckett, we're gonna come down to the precinct.
Beckett : No, Castle...
Mia : I'm not going.
Castle : Yes, you are.
Mia : Why? Because you think I can help you get your wife back?
UNK: No. well, yes.
Castle : But because a man was murdered this morning.
Castle : And that man deserves justice.
Castle : You know, you see your hyperosmia as a curse.
Castle : When, really, you've been given a great gift.
Castle : And with your help,
Castle : the police can put away a cold-blooded killer.
Castle : Now, isn't that worth putting yourself out there?
UNK: No.
UNK: And there is nothing you can do to make me leave my apartment.
Castle : - Nothing? - Nothing.
Martha : - Oh, my God. - I'm sorry.
Esposito : - Ew! - Desperate times call for
Castle : desperate measures.
UNK: Whoa!
Castle : Oh. You were right about those tacos.
Mia : He's not the killer.
UNK: Ifword gets out that I authorized a smell lineup...
UNK: They have visual lineups for people who've seen killers,
UNK: voice lineups for people who've heard them.
UNK: But, regardless, we know Freddy was at the garage.
UNK: And he's clearly lying, so...
Beckett : So we lie to him. Tell him that our witness ID'd him.
Castle : And watch him talk.
Freddy : I didn't kill him.
Beckett : That's not what our witness says.
Freddy : What kind of lineup was that anyway?
Freddy : The witness didn't even look at my face.
Hayley : - Where's the painting? - I don't have it.
Beckett : Cut the crap, Freddy.
UNK: You've got one chance to convince me that you're not the murderer.
Mia : Okay, listen.
Freddy : I was at the garage, but not to kill the guy.