UNK: Richard Castle : Lucy! I'm home!
UNK: Ricky.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : Hello, darling.
Castle : Lucy should have told me we had company.
UNK: Thatcosts extra.
Martha : Well, according to your Iittle mechanical friend here,
Martha : you have been drowning your sorrows in frozen pizza, online shopping...
Alexis : And Dolph Lundgren marathons.
Castle : - Is nothing private? - Not without the proper setting.
UNK: Darling, I mean, I know it's difficult for you without Katherine,
Martha : but, really, isn't it a little early in the day for this?
Castle : These are for Ryan and Esposito.
Castle : They get the results of their Sergeant's exams today.
Castle : So I thought I'd drop down to the precinct,
UNK: surprise them a little later on.
Alexis : And if Beckett happens to be there...
UNK: AII the more reason to celebrate.
UNK: Kate Beckett : Hey! So, any word on the exam?
UNK: Javier Esposito : - Stop it. - You're gonna jinx it.
UNK: Okay. Okay. Done.
Beckett : - Hey, Lanie. - Hey.
Beckett : So, who is this?
Lanie : Justin Fletcher, 38. Two GSws to the chest. Close range.
Beckett : Any idea when this happened?
UNK: Around 10 : 14 a.m.
UNK: Well, that's pretty specific.
Lanie : That's when 911 received an anonymous call from a witness.
Ryan : Tech's trying to trace it now.
Beckett : So that's our victim's car?
Ryan : Yeah. Keys were in his pocket. We're just digging into it.
Beckett : Then this wasn't a carjacking?
Esposito : Or a robbery.
UNK: Victim still has cash and wallet on him.
UNK: These are bulletproofwindows, huh?
Esposito : That's not the only upgrade.
Esposito : These tires are reinforced run flat,
Esposito : and there are Kevlar panels in these doors.
Beckett : So what do you think?
Beckett : Maybe he was corporate security?
UNK: Not with that tiny back seat.
Ryan : I mean, there's no room for a guy to get in there.
UNK: - I'm just gonna stop talking. - Yeah, okay.
Beckett : And the plot thickens.
Beckett : Espo, why don't you get CSU to sweep this?
Beckett : Maybe they can tell us what our victim was hiding here.
Esposito : Might be what he was killed for.
Lanie : Is that the test results?
Mia : No. No.
Ryan : Tech got a name and address on that anonymous 911 call.
Ryan : Mia Laszlo. Address in Battery Park.
UNK: AII right. Pick her up.
UNK: Yes?
UNK: Ms. Laszlo, I'm Detective Esposito...
UNK: Yeah?
Esposito : Detective Esposito, and this is Detective Ryan.
UNK: We wanna ask you a few questions about that murder you reported.
Esposito : - Can we come in? - No.
Ryan : Excuse me, ma'am, we still need to talk to you.
Mia : There is a reason it was an anonymous call.
Ryan : You witnessed a murder.
Ryan : So you either let us in to talk, or we can drag you down to the station.
UNK: Justa minute.
Mia : Okay, listen closely. Here's how this is going to go.
UNK: I ride in the backseat, alone.
Mia : And the windows stay down the whole way.
Beckett : Can you think of anyone who would have wanted to kill your brother?
UNK: No, everyone loved Justin. He was such a good guy.
Graham : He left the Army to take care of me after our parents died.
Graham : He made sure that I went to college.
Graham : He paid for all of it even though he had a hard time finding a job at first.
Beckett : And what did he do exactly?
UNK: He was a high-end driver. Made a lot of deliveries.
Beckett : Anything illegal?
Graham : I don't know. why?
Beckett : We found a secret compartment in his car.
Beckett : And we think that he might have been killed because ofwhat was inside.
Beckett : Do you have any idea what he kept in there?
Beckett : Or maybe what he was doing in the garage this morning?
UNK: No.
Graham : The last time that I spoke to him was yesterday.
Graham : He said that he had to go meet someone named Falcon.
Ryan : Hey, Beckett.
Ryan : Beckett, Beckett, Beckett.
Ryan : - Do I smell? - What?
Ryan : Our witness is threatening to file a complaint against me
Ryan : for assault with a deadly odor.
UNK: Says that I smell like soiled baby diapers.
Ryan : And Javi's cologne is, quote, "Satan's butt sweat."
Beckett : I mean, yeah, it is pretty strong, but...