Lanie : Fine. Let's say it isn't about sex.
Lanie : It's about boundaries.
Lanie : Meredith is marking her territory.
Lanie : You can't just let her waltz in and out whenever she pleases.
Beckett : He's in a catch-22. Alexis is sick...
Lanie : Doesn't matter.
Lanie : This is a war, girl. And guess who's losing.
Corey : I don't know.
Beckett : Maybe you're right.
Lanie : Maybe I'm right? Of course I'm right.
Beckett : Lanie! I didn't come down here to talk about this.
UNK: You said that you have something case related.
Lanie : Yes. Are you ready for some good news now?
Beckett : That would be nice.
Lanie : I processed the victim's clothing
Lanie : and found trace amounts of someone else's blood on her jacket button.
UNK: Which means our killer could've gotten cut during the attack.
Lanie : I'm running DNA now. I'll call you when I got something.
Beckett : Thank you.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Ryan : So, each one of Michelle's employees at her law firm alibied out.
UNK: But they all said she'd been acting odd during the past few weeks.
Ryan : They assumed it had to do with a case.
Beckett : - Which case? - Pick one.
Ryan : Introducing the wealthy men of Manhattan.
Ryan : Michelle represented all their wives in ongoing divorces
Ryan : and some of these angry husbands had threatened her.
Ryan : The only problem is none of them matched our sketch.
Beckett : Maybe that's because one of them hired our mystery man to kill Michelle.
Ryan : But we won't know which one until we find this guy.
Esposito : And I just did.
Esposito : On the subway security video, I saw our suspect swipe his MTA card.
Esposito : He used a credit card to buy it.
Esposito : Herman Poquille.
Esposito : A few B and Es, aggravated assault. Oh! And several attempted murders.
Ryan : Congratulations, you finally succeeded.
Esposito : Only thing is, we can't figure out why you'd wanna kill Ms. Twohey.
Ryan : Purse wasn't stolen,
Ryan : car wasn't jacked, so why'd you wanna kill her?
UNK: Herman Poquille : I didn't kill her. It's not what you think.
Esposito : Come on, Herman.
Esposito : You can talk to us. Someone hired you.
Poquille : Yeah, she did.
Poquille : Like I said, it's not what you think.
Poquille : I used to work for Michelle.
Ryan : Doing what?
UNK: Photographer.
Poquille : Shots of husbands cheating on their wives, stuff like that.
Ryan : That still doesn't explain what you were doing at the crime scene.
Poquille : Look, I botched an assignment a while ago and Michelle fired me.
Poquille : Then all of a sudden, she's calling me
Poquille : asking me for my help on some big job.
Esposito : What big job?
Rob : She didn't say.
Poquille : She said she was heading home and would wait for me near the subway.
Poquille : By the time I got there, she was dead.
UNK: I didn't wanna get mixed up in a murder, so I ran.
Poquille : - You don't believe me? - Mmm-mmm.
Poquille : Check the texts on my phone. It's all there.
Ryan : So I went through Herman's phone, and he wasn't lying.
Ryan : Michelle wanted to hire him to take photos,
Ryan : and she seemed pretty desperate.
UNK: Herman didn't wanna take the job and he kept texting her "no."
Ryan : But she seemed to finally win him over with this.
UNK: Okay, Herman,
UNK: my texts aren't changing your mind, so maybe this will.
UNK: Look at me. I'm pleading.
UNK: I have a huge problem and I need you
UNK: and that camera of yours for one last job. Please.
Esposito : A life hangs in the balance.
UNK: "A life hangs in the balance"?
UNK: What the hell did she need a photo of?
Meredith : Hi, there.
Meredith : Did you catch the killer already?
Castle : Uh, no, not yet. How's Alexis?
UNK: Mmm, sleeping.
UNK: But I'm gonna wake her with some soup.
Meredith : Want some?
UNK: Oh. Um, no, thanks.
Castle : Listen, Meredith, about you staying here...
Meredith : Thanks again, Richard.
Meredith : I can't tell you how much this means to me.
Castle : Yeah. It's just, Beckett and I...
Meredith : Are wonderful!
Meredith : It's so refreshing to see how secure you two are in your relationship.
Meredith : You know, most women would take issue
Meredith : with an ex-wife staying with their boyfriend.
Meredith : But not Kate Beckett. She gets it.
Castle : Yeah, Kate gets it.
Castle : Um, here's the thing, Meredith, I...
Castle : I know.
UNK: And it isn't easy for me to admit.
Meredith : I haven't been the best of mothers.
UNK: I've missed so much of our daughter's life.
UNK: So the fact that you're letting me be here now,
Meredith : for Alexis, during her time of need...
Meredith : Richard, I'll never, ever forget this.
UNK: Oh.
Castle : Neither will Beckett.
Castle : - Well? - Well, what?
Castle : Oh, that. Still working on that.
UNK: What about... Any progress on finding Michelle Twohey's killer?
Castle : No, not yet.
Beckett : We're still checking on the ex-husbands' alibis.
Ryan : Hey, guys,
Ryan : I think we might have our theory backwards.
Ryan : What if it wasn't an angry ex-husband that killed Ms. Twohey?
UNK: What if it was an ex-wife?
Beckett : Oh, wow, troublesome ex-wife? Lmagine that.
Beckett : So you think one of her clients killed her?
Ryan : Well, Lanie got a hit on the blood found on Michelle's jacket.
Ryan : It belongs to a Samantha Voss.
Ryan : She's in the system due to a DUI arrest in Los Angeles.
Beckett : Did she have a grievance with Michelle?
Ryan : Oh, I'd say so. The morning of Michelle's murder,
UNK: a judge came down with a ruling in Samantha's contentious divorce case.
Ryan : She lost big.
Castle : How big is big?
Ryan : Uh, Upper East Side apartment big, cars and boats big,
UNK: half of her multi-million dollar net worth big.
Castle : That's big.
Ryan : Especially when Samantha went off on a courtroom tirade
Ryan : accusing Michelle of screwing up her case.
UNK: Samantha Peterman : Of course my blood was on her.
UNK: Samantha Peterman : Michelle completely mishandled my divorce.
UNK: Samantha Peterman : I was furious. Our spat became physical
UNK: Samantha Peterman : and I cut my hand on one of her metal jacket buttons.
UNK: Samantha Peterman : But I didn't kill her.
Beckett : - Mrs. Voss... - Mrs. Voss is dead.
Samantha : I'm back to Ms. Peterman now, thank you.
Samantha : Oh, no, no, no.
Samantha : Don't pack the china.
Samantha : That stays with my ex now.
Samantha : The jackhole.
Beckett : Ms. Peterman, where were you last night between 10 : 00 and 1 : 00?
Samantha : I was at a charity auction, which I chair, until 2 : 00 a.m.
UNK: Ah.
UNK: There are over 100 donors who can vouch for that.
UNK: Just check it out if you'd like.
Castle : Well, you may not have killed Michelle,
Castle : but you certainly murdered that original Zaozirny.
UNK: I don't have to kill to get revenge.
UNK: Not when there's so many other ways to get back at my ex.
UNK: Ooh.
UNK: Shame.
UNK: That platter really tied the set together.
Samantha : Ms. Peterman,
Beckett : if you could just refrain from destroying anything else,
Beckett : you actually might be of some help.