Beckett : Now, did Michelle say or do anything out of the ordinary?
UNK: Well, let me tell you,
Samantha : something was sure as hell wrong in that woman's life.
UNK: Because for the past month, she was just distracted.
Castle : Distracted by what?
Samantha : She got lost in the details of my case
Samantha : that had absolutely no bearing on securing a better settlement.
Samantha : And don't even get me started on her personal problems.
Beckett : What do you mean her personal problems?
Samantha : Detective, I was her client, not her BFF. I don't know.
Samantha : Although I can tell you, yesterday she came to court late,
UNK: and she was crying.
UNK: Oh!
Beckett : Did she tell you why?
UNK: Yes, she said that she was having messy personal issues that day.
UNK: Ugh!
UNK: Oh.
UNK: What did you do to my Zaozirny?
Samantha : Oh, joy, my ex is home. Walter, Walter, Walter.
Samantha : Come in, we have company. Say hello.
UNK: You bitch!
UNK: No, dear, the bitch is the skank you paid to have sex with you.
Samantha : Walter. No, no, Walter. No!
Beckett : Next person to break anything goes to jail.
Walter : This is all your fault.
Samantha : And it was so worth it.
UNK: Wow.
Ryan : - Hell hath no fury. - Huh.
Esposito : Did it ever get that bad with either of your exes?
Castle : No. No, both my divorces were amicable.
Beckett : Yeah, a little too amicable.
Castle : So, something was going on with Michelle Twohey.
Castle : On the morning of her death,
Castle : she arrived to court late, and she had been crying.
Castle : So where was she coming from?
Beckett : Well, according to her financials,
Beckett : she paid for breakfast at a cafe right before court.
Beckett : So maybe someone there will let us know what was so upsetting.
UNK: Hmm.
Esposito : Bro, what was that?
Castle : What was what?
Ryan : Your girlfriend just uttered a sarcastic remark about your ex-wife,
UNK: and all you're gonna say is, "What was what?"
Castle : Oh, that was nothing.
Esposito : - Spit it out. - Tell us.
Castle : Uh, okay, as you know,
Castle : Beckett is staying at the loft while her place is getting fumigated,
Castle : Alexis is home sick as well, and then Meredith showed up
Castle : and she said she wanted to stay in the loft...
Esposito : And you said no.
Esposito : Tell me you said no.
Beckett : - Wow. - Really?
Esposito : Letting an ex stay with you when you're with someone else,
Esposito : that's like throwing gasoline on fireworks.
Castle : Come on. Guys, it's not that bad.
Esposito : Castle, you are on the edge of a very, very steep cliff, my friend.
UNK: And if you don't do something about it quick...
UNK: So the cafe owner remembers
Beckett : Michelle having an argument with a tall, good-looking man,
UNK: mid-30s, light brown hair and blue eyes.
Castle : Her boyfriend, Corey Francis?