UNK: Corey Francis : It was like magic.
Castle : When was the last time you spoke with her?
Corey : Over the weekend.
Corey : She was in the middle of a divorce case.
Castle : I'm sure in her line of work she made a lot of enemies.
Castle : Was there anyone in particular giving her trouble?
Corey : I don't know.
Corey : Her cases involved big money, big egos,
Corey : but she was just doing her job. She didn't deserve this.
Beckett : We had a witness who saw somebody
Beckett : running away from the crime scene.
Beckett : Do you recognize this man?
Corey : No, he doesn't look familiar.
Beckett : We found a Scarsdale address on her.
Beckett : Does the name R. Garrison sound familiar?
UNK: No. No, I never heard her mention it.
Ryan : Man! Look at this place.
Esposito : Eh, it's all right.
Ryan : - Are you kidding me? - What?
Ryan : It has always been a dream of mine to come home to a house like this.
Esposito : Screw the house.
Esposito : It's always been a dream of mine
Esposito : to come home to a woman like that.
UNK: Hi.
Ryan : Right. Until, of course, things got serious,
Ryan : which is when you'd dump her
Ryan : and start looking for your next dream woman.
Ryan : NYPD, ma'am. I'm Detective Ryan, this is Detective Esposito.
UNK: Just call me Javier.
Ryan : Is there an R. Garrison here?
UNK: Jane Garrison : Yes, that's my husband Rob.
UNK: Jane Garrison : - Come on in. - Hear that?
UNK: Husband. And suspect.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Rob Garrison : No, we've actually never met.
UNK: Do you have any idea why she had your name and address on her?
Rob : Well, I gave it to her last night when I spoke with her.
Esposito : - Hmm. - I'm a forensic accountant.
Rob : It's mostly bankruptcies,
Rob : but I do a lot of consulting for divorce attorneys.
UNK: So Ms. Twohey called me up,
Rob : out of the blue, and wanted to meet and go over some financial issues.
Esposito : Whose financial issues? Her own?
Rob : She didn't say.
Rob : But I recognized her name and I knew her reputation,
Rob : so I assumed it was about one of her clients.
Rob : It was an odd conversation, though.
Ryan : Odd? How do you mean?
Rob : Well, she insisted on meeting today.
Rob : So whatever the issues were,
UNK: Ms. Twohey was a bit frantic about getting them resolved quickly.
Beckett : Look, if that meeting was about a client,
UNK: then we gotta find out which one.