UNK: to pay Noah Kesswood for a service.
UNK: You're gonna ask what that service was. I'm gonna say, "I don't know."
UNK: Then you're gonna puff up and demand the name of my client.
Schuester : To which I'll reply,
UNK: "That's privileged information. Kindly go screw yourselves."
UNK: Have a hot dog, boys. They're delicious.
UNK: Mr. Schuster may have attorney-client privilege,
Ryan : but who he represents is a matter of public record.
UNK: So I looked back into his law firm's cases for the past five years.
UNK: Turns out Schuster represented Billy Piper.
Ryan : You guys remember the story, right?
Castle : Yeah, it was all over the news for months.
Castle : Famous pro golfer, getting a divorce,
Castle : takes a boating trip to the Caribbean to work on his marriage.
Beckett : Only, his wife never makes it back to shore.
Beckett : Billy claimed that the two of them were drinking
UNK: and his wife accidentally fell off of the boat.
Castle : Everyone assumed it was murder,
Castle : but the Feds never had enough to indict him.
UNK: Indeed.
Ryan : So what does any of this have to do with our victim?
Ryan : Three years ago,
Ryan : Michelle had a client who disappeared from her boat.
Ryan : That client was Leann Piper.
Beckett : Billy Piper's wife?
Beckett : That can't be a coincidence.
Ryan : I don't think it was.
Ryan : In fact, I found a file in Michelle's computer
UNK: that showed that she'd been looking into Leann Piper's murder
Samantha : for the past month.
Castle : Wait a minute,
UNK: what if Michelle figured out how Billy killed his wife?
Ryan : You mean by finding actual evidence?
Castle : Right. Then the only way Billy could stop that proof from coming out...
Beckett : Was to have Michelle killed.
UNK: That's my pride and joy. Won it in Augusta in '02.
Castle : You eagled for the win.
Billy : That's right.
Billy : Can I get either of you two a drink?
Beckett : This isn't a social visit, Mr. Piper.
Beckett : We're here to talk to you about Michelle Twohey.
Billy : Michelle who-ey?
UNK: Sorry. Doesn't sound familiar.
Beckett : It's odd that you don't remember your late wife's divorce lawyer.
Beckett : Did you know that she turned up dead?
Beckett : The reason I'm asking is because she visited you about a month ago.
UNK: Hmm. Don't recall any visits.
Castle : You sure about that?
Castle : It was right after that visit you hired Noah Kesswood.
Billy : Who's Noah Kesswood?
Beckett : The man that you paid to spy on her.
Beckett : And then she winds up dead.
Beckett : That's awfully suspicious, don't you think?
Billy : You people.
Billy : Somebody dies, question Billy.
Castle : Well, can you blame us? Especially after what happened with your wife.
Billy : Okay, let's talk about what happened to my wife.
Billy : Leann files for divorce, so I fight her on it.
Billy : Because where I'm from, marriage is sacred.
Billy : So Leann and I decide to go for a boat ride, like the old days.
Billy : But instead of recapturing our magic, Leann got drunk and fell into the ocean.
Billy : So why am I the bad guy?
Beckett : Oh, so you're the victim here.
Billy : You bet your ass I am.
Billy : I lost my endorsements and my status.
Billy : My own family wants nothing to do with me.
UNK: Interesting, on the list of things you lost, you didn't include your wife.
UNK: Well, She never was my favorite trophy.