Castle : What if this upsets the delicate synergy of our partnership?
Castle : What if it undermines our unit cohesion?
UNK: HISSES
Castle : See? Major problem.
Beckett : Not that. This.
CASTLE : That's a lot of blood.
Beckett : One of our witnesses saw a man leaving the building. He was limping.
Castle : Our suspect was injured.
Beckett : Yeah, and the trail goes that way.
Castle : A brutal killer betrayed by the frailty of his own flesh.
Castle : His path revealed by that most primal stain.
Castle : Except the path ends here.
Beckett : Multiple drops in one spot? He must've stood here for a minute.
Castle : He got into a car.
Beckett : If he did, maybe he got caught on tape.
UNK: First 911 call came at 8 : 42, just after our victim crash landed.
UNK: So our guy probably made it to the corner a minute or two later.
UNK: Hey, pretty cool about Alexis' internship.
UNK: Or not.
UNK: There. That's gotta be him.
Castle : He's wounded.
Castle : The cops are after him and he's looking for a place to go.
BECKETT : He's got a hostage.
Beckett : Track the taxi off the medallion number. Find out where it went.
UNK: WOMAN SCREAMS
UNK: NYPD! Let me see your hands!
Beckett : NYPD! Hands in the air!
ESPOSITO : Get up BECKETT : Show us your hands..
Beckett : Get up! Hands in the air!
ESPOSITO : Get up. Get up.
Esposito : Put your hands on your head.
Esposito : Hands on your head, now!
Esposito : Drop to your knees.
BECKETT : Thomas Gage.
Beckett : For the record, have I advised you of your rights?
UNK: Yes.
Beckett : Including your right to an attorney?
Gage : I won't need one.
Beckett : Do you recognize this man?
Gage : Looks like he took a nasty fall.
Beckett : Well, he had a little help.
Beckett : Fingerprint evidence will show that he was thrown out a window. By you.
Castle : After which you kidnapped Tina Massey in full view of a security camera.
BECKETT : Murder plus kidnapping.
Beckett : That equals more years in prison than you have left.
Beckett : Unless you cooperate.
Gage : Everything that you have on me or you think you have?
Gage : It's all going away.
Gage : And we're done here.
Beckett : This guy should be sweating bullets. This doesn't feel right.
Castle : It's like he knows something we don't.
Beckett : I want you to pull everything you can on Thomas Gage.
Ryan : Problem is, that's not his real name.
Ryan : His driver's license is bogus, and his prints aren't in the system.
UNK: The bottom line is we have no idea who this man is.
Tina : The guy was super calm the whole time.
UNK: Not big on chitchat, either.
Tina : His opening line was, "Get your ass in the cab or I'll kill you."
Beckett : And what about when you went back
Beckett : to your apartment? What did he talk about?
Tina : After he promised not to murder me,
Tina : he asked me to patch up his leg.
Tina : He had a real gash.
Beckett : Could you tell how he got the injury?
Tina : He said he got slashed with a knife while he was killing a guy.
Beckett : And he admitted that to you?
Tina : More like just made the statement.
Castle : And did he say who this guy was or why he killed him?
Tina : All he told me was that the man doesn't exist.
Tina : The man doesn't exist as far as I can tell.
Beckett : So you haven't ID'd him yet?
Lanie : Look, I'm trying, but his fingerprints aren't in any database.
Lanie : Which is weird, because I thought
Lanie : for sure he'd have a criminal record.
Castle : How come?
Lanie : It's not the first time this guy's mixed it up.
Lanie : Old gunshot wounds, calloused hands from martial arts training.
Lanie : More broken bones than Evel Knievel.
UNK: You're not gonna believe his x-rays.
Lanie : Where's my John Doe?
Lanie : Where's my John Doe?
Alexis : He was right there when I left. I was only gone a minute.
Lanie : I know he was right there. I was just about to cut him open.
Castle : Well, now he really doesn't exist.
Beckett : How does a body just vanish from a morgue?
Castle : I don't know, but Thomas Gage does.
UNK: Remember what he said? "Whatever you think you have is going away."