UNK: Four hundred cubic inches, with a Rochester four-barrel
UNK: and 360 horsepower.
Castle : You know muscle cars Oh, yeah?
Beckett : We should go to the track sometime, Castle.
Beckett : See who laps who.
Beckett : So, why do you think Tracy took off work to come down here?
Castle : Maybe to drive it to a clandestine, Pandora-related rendezvous?
Beckett : No, look at the dust on this This hasn't gone anywhere in a while.
Beckett : Castle, look.
Beckett : Maybe she came to stash something in the trunk.
Castle : Handprints, indicating someone's been in there.
BECKETT : Yeah.
Castle : That is not original equipment.
Beckett : No, but it's probably why she came here.
Castle : Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, wait a minute, wait a minute.
Sophia : We don't know what's in there.
UNK: Kate Beckett : Yeah, well, there's only one way to find out.
Castle : Yeah, but it might be Pandora, as in Pandora's box.
Castle : As in opening that could unleash an unstoppable tide of evil.
UNK: Castle, that's a myth.
Castle : I'm speaking metaphorically.
Castle : Gage is planning a catastrophic event, right?
Castle : So what if there's a doomsday device
Castle : in that case, set to go off when you open it?
Beckett : And ground zero is a parking garage in New Jersey? I doubt it.
Castle : I just...
UNK: That is a military-grade cell phone, and a scrambler.
Castle : That's spy equipment.
Beckett : Tracy came here to make a phone call
Beckett : and I bet you that the last number she dialed is still on the phone.
MAN : Close the case and turn around.
Beckett : Hands in the air.
BECKETT : Gage.
Gage : Your weapon and phones on the ground.
Beckett : Really? You put your hands in the air.
UNK: Whoa!
Gage : Phones on the ground?
Castle : I just upgraded. This is a brand new phone.
Gage : Now, I'm afraid you're not gonna like what comes next.
BECKETT : Castle?
UNK: Castle, what are you doing?
Castle : Bracing myself to shield you from a hail of bullets.
UNK: Kate Beckett : Yeah, well, it's very gallant of you.
Beckett : But you can stop bracing. I think he left.
UNK: And my life was passing before my eyes, I think I lost track of time.
Beckett : What do you know about trunk latches?
UNK: Well, the bad news is, this one was not designed to open from the inside.
Beckett : And the good news?
Castle : At least this time we're not handcuffed together.
UNK: Surprisingly roomy in here.
Beckett : It's not that roomy.
Beckett : Sooner or later, we're gonna run out of air.
UNK: Got to get out of here.
Castle : Maybe somebody will find us.
Beckett : Castle, we are locked in the trunk of a car in long-term parking.
UNK: It's gonna be hours before anyone realizes that we're missing.
Beckett : Who do you think is going to find us?
UNK: I just feel in situations like this, it's important to have faith.
Beckett : You pressed the panic button, didn't you?
Castle : Well, if there was ever a time to panic, I think this was it.
Sophia : I am... You should be thanking me.
Beckett : No! I am not gonna be rescued by your girlfriend.
Beckett : Move, Castle.
UNK: What are you getting...
Beckett : Get under ther Hey!e.
UNK: Alexis Castle : Hey! Hey! What are you doing?
Beckett : I got it What?
Beckett : This. Here.
Beckett : Is it in To the left?
UNK: Okay Push..
Beckett : Scoot down.
UNK: Yes! Nice.
UNK: EXHALES
UNK: Sophia Turner : For you.
UNK: SIGHS
Sophia : I believe this is yours.
Sophia : Agent Jones found it in the parking structure.
Sophia : Finding the car was great work.
Sophia : I think it might just be the break we need.
Castle : Well, I can't take all the credit.
UNK: Yeah, especially since it wa Detective Ryan who found it.
SOPHIA : Well, in any case, the phone is obviously key
Sophia : or else Gage wouldn't have gone after it.
UNK: Well, Tracy McGrath used it on the day she died.
Castle : Maybe she called someo ne connected to Pandora...
Sophia : And then Gage eliminated her and took the phone to tie off all loose ends.
Beckett : Which still doesn't explain where Gage is now, or who Tracy called.
UNK: Well, we'll find that out once we track the call she made.
CASTLE : But Ga ge took the phone.
Castle : How can you do that when you don't know what number she called?
Castle : Or even the number she called it from?
Sophia : By using all the coolest toys.
Sophia : Bring up Newton Foundation at Frenchie's Parking.
UNK: Commute time by car at 3 : 00 p.m. yesterday, via the Turnpike.
UNK: Forty-one minutes. There was a fender-bender on the GW Bridge.
UNK: Factoring the time it would've taken her to get to her car,
UNK: let's say she got there at 3 : 45 p.m.
UNK: Pull up all cell phone traffic for the next 15 minutes.
UNK: The call would've pinged o the nearest cell tower.