Gates : Find out why Gage would've wanted her dead.
CASTLE : Looks like she's been here awhile.
UNK: Kate Beckett : Yeah, well, it makes sense.
Beckett : Gage escaped last night, he had a 10-hour lead on us.
Beckett : You stay put. I'm gonna check the rest of the place.
UNK: Castle? GUN COCKS
Alexis : Where is everybody?
Lanie : We usually beat the uniforms to the scene.
Lanie : It's not like they want to hurry and stand around.
Alexis : Just so you know, I'm not letting this victim out of my sight.
UNK: Crazy. What is?
Lanie : The fact that Richard Castle, a man unburdened by regret and guilt,
Lanie : has a child that carries the weight of the world.
Lanie : It is not on you that a dead man came up missing.
Alexis : Well, how often does something like that happen anyway?
Lanie : It never happens, honey, so relax. It was a freak thing.
Lanie : Bodies just don't disappear.
Lanie : Detective Beckett? Detective Beckett?
Lanie : Okay, I see where the bloodstain is.
Alexis : Where's the body?
Castle : You okay? Yeah. You?
Castle : Who are you?
Beckett : Where the hell are you taking us?
Castle : Wherever it is, it's way down.
Beckett : What is this place?
UNK: CASTLE STAMMERS
Castle : I don't know. I have no idea.
WOMAN : Rick Castle at a loss for words?
UNK: Sophia Turner : That must be a first for you.
Castle : Sophia Turner.
Sophia : Hello, Rick.
Sophia : Welcome to the CIA.
SPARKS : Yeah, that's her.
UNK: Tracy's Boss : Tracy's worked for me at the Newton Foundation for five years.
UNK: Tracy's Boss : I just talked to her yesterday.
UNK: Tracy's Boss : We debated the merits of the Chevy Corvair.
UNK: Tracy's Boss : She's a classic car buff.
UNK: Tracy's Boss : She was.
Ryan : And what kind of work did Tracy do, exactly?
UNK: It wouldn't get you killed, if that's what you're asking.
UNK: Tracy's Boss : Tracy had a PhD in Applied Mathematics.
UNK: Tracy's Boss : She'd been developing statistical models
UNK: Tracy's Boss : to predict the effects of climate change.
UNK: Did she have enemies? Anybody who might want to do her harm?
UNK: Tracy's Boss : None that I know of.
UNK: Tracy's Boss : Hold on, there was something.
UNK: Yesterday, she left the office rather suddenly, about 3 : 00.
UNK: Tracy's Boss : She didn't check in with me, she was just gone for two hours.
UNK: Tracy's Boss : That wasn't like her.
UNK: Do you have any idea where she went?
UNK: Tracy's Boss : No, and when I asked, she didn't seem to want to tell me.
UNK: We're gonna need access to her computer,
UNK: her emails, her documents, everything.
UNK: Tracy's Boss : It's all on our server. I can log into there from here.
CASTLE : Secret underground headquarters?
Castle : This is straight out of James Bond.
Beckett : Castle, you're avoiding the question.
Beckett : Who's Sophia Turner? How do you know her?
Castle : It's a long story.
Beckett : Well, I'll take the short version.
Sophia : Let me give it to you.
UNK: What has it been? 12 years?
UNK: Eleven and a half.
Sophia : Rick and I met when he was just beginning to do research
Sophia : on his first Derrick Storm novel.
Sophia : He wanted an up close and personal look at the life of a female CIA agent.
Sophia : So I gave him one.
Beckett : You're Clara Strike? The Clara Strike from the Derrick Stormbooks?
Sophia : I wouldn't say that I am Clara Strike.
UNK: But I'd like to think that I inspired Rick in some small way.
Beckett : Well, that is just fascinating.
Sophia : You look good. You, too.
Beckett : Okay, so I hate to interrupt this reunion,
Beckett : but we're being illegally detained. At least I am.