Sophia : This is not a detention, this is a debriefing.
Sophia : Approved by the NYPD.
Sophia : Feel free to call Ted McQuinn.
Beckett : The Chief of Detectives?
Sophia : He assured me you'd give us your full cooperation.
Sophia : I need to know everything you know about Thomas Gage.
Beckett : No, not until you tell me what the hell is going on here.
UNK: Fine.
Sophia : But that would be getting into highly classified information
Sophia : regarding national security which,
Sophia : if you were to reveal it to anyone,
Sophia : would be considered a treasonable offense
Sophia : against the United States of America, punishable by death.
Sophia : So, you still want to know?
UNK: Martin Danberg : We recruited Thomas Gage out of SEAL Team Six in 1997.
UNK: Martin Danberg : Smart, highly trained, fluent in 11 languages,
UNK: Martin Danberg : Gage was our most effective asset.
UNK: Martin Danberg : We sent him into conflict zones,
UNK: Martin Danberg : failed states all over the world.
UNK: Martin Danberg : Gage was adept in every situation.
UNK: Unfortunately, he went rogue.
Sophia : Based on NSA intercepts,
Sophia : we believe that Gage is trying to initiate a catastrophic event
Sophia : which poses an imminent threat to the country.
Castle : So that man that Gage pushed out the window, he was CIA.
Sophia : Gary Harper. One of our best.
Sophia : We got a tip on Gage's whereabouts.
Sophia : We sent Harper to bring him in.
Sophia : Obviously, that operation didn't go as planned.
Castle : At which point you took the body from the morgue.
Danberg : This is a national security crisis.
Danberg : We didn't want the NYPD underfoot.
Beckett : Well, good to know.
Beckett : So how did you guys get on to Tracy McGrath?
UNK: We monitor data from your precinct.
Sophia : Her name came up, but unfortunately by the time our agent got there,
Sophia : she was already dead.
Castle : So why did Gage kill her?
Sophia : We were hoping you would know.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGING
Sophia : You can go ahead and answer that.
Beckett : Yeah, I was planning on it.
UNK: Do you mind terribly putting it on speaker?
Beckett : Espo, you' re on speaker.
UNK: Yeah, so, word came down from Chief of Ds.
UNK: They said you were on some kind of special assignment.
Esposito : What's that about?
UNK: That's a long story. What do you got on Tracy McGrath?
Esposito : It may be nothing, but she ditched work yesterday for two hours.
Esposito : She has a notation in her day planner but all it says is, "Pandora."
Beckett : You know what, let me get back to you.
Beckett : What's Pandora?
Danberg : According to the chatter, Pandora is a codename for Gage's mission.
Danberg : Which means that the McGrath woman is mixed up in it.
Sophia : Now the two of you know as much as we do.
Sophia : Look, you have done impressive work on this case.
Sophia : I want you to take the lead in finding Thomas Gage.
UNK: Sophia!
Sophia : Martin, we are up against the wall.
Sophia : CIA is barred from domestic investigation.
Beckett : Well, isn't that what the FBI is for?
Beckett : Thomas Gage is a hired gun.
Sophia : We don't know who he works for or how deep this goes.
UNK: All I'm asking is that you continue your investigation.
Sophia : And we will share all information we get on him.
Beckett : And what's the catch?
Sophia : That you do the same.
Sophia : And that you report only to me. This has to stay between us.
Sophia : Our techs have uploaded icons on both your phones,
Sophia : which will connect you to my direct line.
Sophia : You've seen what Gage is capable of.
Sophia : He's one of our mo st dangerous operatives
Sophia : and I have no doubt th at whatever he is planning,
Sophia : he is completely capab le of carrying out.
Sophia : I wouldn't put you in this position,
Sophia : but this man has to be stopped.
Sophia : Can I count on you for your help?
UNK: Yes.
CASTLE : You realize what this means?
Castle : We're spies.
Castle : This is like being in a Jason Bourne movie,
Castle : only he's the bad guy, and the CIA are the good guys.
Beckett : That remains to be seen.
Castle : Ooh, wait, I've got to see those direct-dial icons they put on our phones.
UNK: Hey, why is mine a panic button?
Beckett : I guess she really does know you well.
Castle : Okay, you're upset.
Beckett : I'm not upset. Then what are you?
UNK: I am just a little bit uncomfortable with the new command structure.
Beckett : I don't like keeping secrets from my own people.
Castle : You're sure this isn't about Sophia?
Beckett : No, why would it be?
Castle : I don't know. Maybe because I based a character on her?
Beckett : Don't flatter yourself, Castle. It's not that big an honor.
Castle : Good. Because Sophia is on our side. We're on the same team.
Beckett : And that doesn 't concern you?
UNK: You don't think th at that will undermine our unit cohesion?