Castle : He's in on this.
Beckett : Espo, did Gage get transferred to Central Booking yet?
Esposito : No, he's still in holding.
UNK: He's gonna give us some answers.
Beckett : Where is this guy?
Esposito : He was here. I secured him myself.
Beckett : Lock down the precinct.
ESPOSITO : All right, move.
UNK: KEYBOARD CLATTERING
ALEXIS : Hey, Dad.
Alexis : I tried to wait up, but you must've gotten in really late.
UNK: And not by choice. Our suspect pulled a Houdini,
Castle : so they locked down the entire station.
Castle : But by then the mysterious, steely killer,
Castle : going by the nom de guerre of Thomas Gage,
Castle : was long gone.
UNK: I'm writing up notes on this case.
Castle : Solid gold material for my next book.
Alexis : Wait, the guy who threw John Doe out the window? He escaped?
UNK: Uh-huh.
UNK: But only after orchestrati the theft of John Doe's bo from the morgue.
Castle : How awesome is that?
Alexis : Not so awesome if you're the person who let it happen.
UNK: Honey, it's not your fault.
Alexis : I was with that body.
Alexis : But a friend called, and I stepped away to talk. I didn't...
Castle : Okay, hang on. Listen to me.
Castle : I'm glad you weren't there.
Castle : Because the kind of person who took John Doe's body
Castle : is the kind of person who wouldn't think twice
Castle : about hurting whoever got in the way.
Alexis : Still, I thought working with Dr. Parish,
Alexis : there'd be zero chance I'd make a mistake that would affect a patient.
Alexis : I mean, how could I, right? Well, I found a way.
Castle : You know, honey, if this internship isn't the right fit,
Castle : I'm sure Lanie would understand.
UNK: No.
Alexis : Dr. Parish gave me this opportunity, and I want to see it through.
UNK: Well?
Ryan : The apartment where John Doe was killed,
Ryan : we think Thomas Gage was squatting there. Turns out...
Gates : I don't care where Gage was unless it tells me where he is now!
Gates : But I'm very interested in knowing
Gates : how he got out of that holding cell on your watch.
Esposito : We're not clear on that, sir but we do know how he left this precinct.
Gates : I assume he snuck out of the back exit.
Ryan : Actually, he went out through the front door.
Ryan : This is him heading to the lobby.
Gates : Where did this man get a uniform?
Ryan : He stole it from the locker room.
Gates : Find out what else he did.
Gates : Check our security video and retrace his steps.
Gates : I want to know every move that he made.
UNK: Okay.
Beckett : Gage has been two steps ahead of us this whole time.
Castle : Not only that, but he must have a partner
Castle : who took John Doe from the morgue.
Beckett : Which still doesn't explain why he ended up wearing those blues.
Beckett : Why risk stealing a uniform when he could've just walked out of the building?
Ryan : I'll tell you why. He needed something inside our precinct.
Ryan : The guy got into our database.
Beckett : Looking for what?
Esposito : Not what. Who.
Esposito : Tracy McGrath of Queens.
Esposito : He ran her name, and I think I know why. Her address is unlisted.
Castle : What if getting arrested was part of Gage's plan?
Castle : So he could access our data for Tracy's address?
Beckett : All right, you guys pull u everything you can on Tracy.
Beckett : Castle and I will go over there now.
UNK: Okay.
Beckett : Her phone's going straight to voicemail.
Castle : What is her connection to all this?
Castle : Why is Gage so interested in her?
BECKETT : With any luck, she knows who Gage really is.
UNK: KNOCKING ON DOOR
Beckett : Tracy McGrath? NYPD.
UNK: Castle.
Beckett : Espo? Yeah, we got here too late.
Beckett : She's got one to the back of the head.
Beckett : Can you call Lanie and get her to bring CSU down here?
Esposito : Yeah, I'm on it.
Esposito : Captain Gates, looks like Tracy McGrath was Gage's next victim.
Gates : What do we know about her?
Ryan : Well, she's 33, no family. A scientist at a research foundation.
Martha : All right, talk to her co-workers.