Castle : Hey, I am willing to let that slide
Castle : in the interest of national security.
UNK: Kate Beckett : Yeah, well, I guess I am, too.
Beckett : It's just, I might have been a little bit taken aback to find out that
UNK: you had researched with someone else.
Castle : Look, it was never the way it is with you and me.
Castle : I just hung out with her for a while
UNK: to lend some authenticity to Clara Strike.
Castle : It was a brief moment, a long time ago.
Castle : Besides, Nikki Heat is a far more complex and nuanced a character.
Castle : She is.
Castle : And I'm a far more experienced writer.
Castle : More mature.
Castle : One out of two is... Mmm.
Beckett : So how long did the two of you hang out?
Beckett : A year? That's your idea of a brief moment?
Castle : I was young, and she had a lot to teach me.
UNK: Ha! Yeah, I'll bet!
Castle : About the shadowy world of espionage.
Beckett : Let me ask you this.
Beckett : How many other women have you semi-stalked in the name of research?
Castle : Is this a trick question?
Beckett : You know what? I don't even want to know.
Gates : Detective Beckett, Mr. Castle. Good of you to drop by.
Gates : So, tell me about this special assignment of yours.
Beckett : I'm afraid I can't, sir.
Gates : Excuse me?
UNK: Yes. It's on a "need to know" basis.
Gates : And I need to know.
Beckett : Sir, I think that the Chief of Detectives would back me up on this one.
Gates : Well, we'll see about that.
UNK: LAUGHS Did you see how mad she was?
UNK: God, that was so good!
Ryan : So, seriously. What's going on?
Beckett : Guys, I'm sorry, we really can't talk about it.
UNK: Come on. This is us.
Castle : No, hey, sorry, boys.
Castle : Classified. Top secret.
UNK: Our eyes only. DEFCON1.
Castle : And if I did tell you,
Castle : well, then I'd have to kill you.
UNK: Yeah? Good luck with that.
Castle : Yeah, realistically that's not...
Esposito : I'm gonna go on record and say that this sucks.
UNK: Sucks. And noted.
Beckett : Now let's move on to Tracy McGrath.
Beckett : Where'd she go after she left work?
Ryan : Well, according to her E-ZPass,
Ryan : she drove down the Jersey Turnpike
Ryan : and exited somewhere near Newark Airport.
Ryan : We're still trying to figure out where she went.
UNK: Maybe the answer is still at the crime scene.
BECKETT : There's no signs of forced entry or struggle.
Beckett : It's like she knew our killer, she let him in.
Beckett : She walked in front of him, and he shot her in the back of the head.
CASTLE : Which means she knew Gage.
UNK: So how is a climate scientist mixed up with a ruthless ex-CIA agent?
Beckett : And how is she connected to Pandora?
UNK: CLICKING
UNK: TIMER STARTS
UNK: TIMER STOPS
Beckett : There's gotta be something here that ties them together.
Castle : Well, she has excellent taste in cars.
UNK: There's an auto repair manua for a 1967 Pontiac GTO.
UNK: Hmm.
Castle : That's funny.
Castle : Keys are sitting on a pile of yesterday's mail.
Castle : She drove it before she died.
Beckett : Except there's no GTO on the street.
Castle : Or in the garage. So where's the car?
Ryan : I see a recurring charge on her credit card.
UNK: It looks like she's paying 100 bucks a month for Frenchie's Parking.
UNK: Hundred bucks? That's not gonna get you a space in Manhattan.
Ryan : Bingo. Billing info says that Frenchie's is in Elizabethport, New Jersey.
Beckett : That's right near Newark Airport.
UNK: So the mystery ride Tracy took has to do with the GTO.
Castle : There it is. Now that is some classic Motor City iron.