UNK: This guy, at the south end of the Newark Airport,
UNK: which processed 5,429 call in the 15-minute time frame.
Sophia : Filter it to calls just to New York and New Jersey.
UNK: Tech 1 : That takes us to 4,112.
Sophia : Now just payphones and unregistered cells.
UNK: Tech 1 : Down to 712.
Sophia : Calls under a minute. She would've kept it brief.
UNK: Tech 1 : We're at 42.
Sophia : Okay, now triangulate those 42 signals
Sophia : and let's see which one originates closest to that parking structure.
TECHNICIAN : Got it.
UNK: Yesterday, 3 : 56 p.m., this call pinged off the tower
UNK: and was routed to a payphone in Brooklyn.
UNK: Intersection of Plymouth and Gold.
CASTLE : Wow!
UNK: It's got to be the number Tracy McGrath called.
UNK: Get me eyes on that payphone.
UNK: Any local surveillance from yesterday at 3 : 56 p.m.?
TECHNICIAN : Found one. Isolating now.
UNK: There's a video at 3 : 56 p.m.
Sophia : Zoom in.
TECHNICIAN : He's got a scrambler. That's our guy.
Sophia : He looks familiar.
Sophia : Freeze there.
Sophia : Oh, my God! It's impossible.
Sophia : He's supposed to be dead.
Castle : Who is he?
MARTIN : Dr. Nelson Blakely, a mathematics professor.
Danberg : He was a legend at the agency. A genius.
Danberg : Consulted for us, but died in 2002.
Danberg : Or at least that's what we thought until just now.
Castle : So he faked his own death? This just keeps getting better.
Sophia : No, it doesn't. Not with what this man is capable of.
UNK: Blakely designed math-based, predictive models for us.
Sophia : Models to help create geo-political change.
Beckett : What do you mean by that?
MARTIN : The agency would bring him a problem.
Danberg : How can we prevent country A from getting the bomb?
Danberg : Or cause regime change in country B?
Danberg : Blakely found solutions using what he called Linchpin Theory.
Danberg : His approach was to find a small event that could trigger a large event.
Castle : Like the assassination of Archduke Ferdinand causing World War I.
UNK: Exactly.
Sophia : He once said that you only had to knock over one domino.
Sophia : But if it was the right domino, the rest would fall.
UNK: SIGHS If Blakely is the one who planned Pandora,
Sophia : this is beyond a worst-case scenario.
Danberg : Blakely is just a hired gun. Like Gage.
Sophia : He's not the one behind this.
UNK: Tech 2 : Agent Turner, I've got it.
UNK: The video's clean enough to track his lip movement.
Sophia : What's he saying?
UNK: AUTOMATED VOICE : Meet me Thursday at 5 : 00 p.m.
UNK: Bishop A-five, Bishop C-four, Pawn E-three.
Castle : Chess moves?
UNK: Blakely was a world-class chess player. It's some sort of code.
Danberg : Run that pattern against anything in the encryption database.
Sophia : This takes us into a sensitive area.
Castle : For your eyes only. I get it.
Sophia : Thank you so much for your help.
Sophia : Agent Jones will show you out.
Castle : Wait a minute, what about Gage?
Sophia : We need to invest all of our resources into finding Blakely.
Sophia : He's the weak link here.
Beckett : Right, but if you find something on Gage, you'll let us know.
UNK: Absolutely. We're in this together.
Castle : You know what I think? I think we should crack that chess code.
Beckett : CIA can handle it, Castle.
Castle : With their track record? I'm not so sure.
Castle : Just saying.
UNK: Look, we decipher that code,