Beckett : You're not in a positi on to bargain here.
Blakely : I got in this car voluntarily,
Blakely : and I'll get right back out if you don't take me where I want to go.
Castle : Okay, what's at Pier 32?
Blakely : Once we're there, I'll tell you what you want to know.
Castle : You were top of your field.
Castle : A professor, an advisor for the CIA. Why fake your own death?
Blakely : I brought down nations for the agency.
Blakely : I played God.
Blakely : But my Linchpin Theory didn't factor in the human cost.
Blakely : I knew they'd never let me leave, so I died.
Blakely : And was reborn.
Castle : And the only one who knew was Tracy.
Blakely : She was my lifeline. She steered consulting work my way.
UNK: I helped reduce cholera in Africa.
Blakely : I predicted that a lone act of civil disobedience
Blakely : would trigger an uprising and remake the Arab world.
Blakely : I did good things.
Blakely : Who killed her?
UNK: Same man that's trying to pull off Pandora.
Blakely : You mean they're trying to make it happen?
Blakely : This is even worse than I thought.
Gates : All right, talk.
Blakely : I need to go inside first.
Beckett : You're not going anywhere until you tell me about Pandora. What is it?
Blakely : It was the name of a white paper that I wrote.
Castle : For whom?
Blakely : I was hired by a think tank to identify weaknesses in US security
Blakely : so they could be shored up, protected.
Blakely : I found an alarming vulnerability.
Blakely : A linchpin that was tied to the economy
Blakely : that would cause crisis and devastation
Blakely : beyond anything we'd ever seen.
UNK: The dominoes would just never stop falling.
Blakely : I asked Tracy to follow up with the think tank,
Blakely : but they don't exist.
Blakely : Whoever they are, I gave them the blueprint
Blakely : that will bring about the en of our country as we know it.
Epsosito : Dr. Blakely, what is the linchpin?
Blakely : A flock of pigeons.
Beckett : Blakely, the linchpin. What is it?
Blakely : Pigeons don't fly in flocks unless they're fleeing a predator. They're here.
CASTLE : Hey! Wait! Wait, wait!
UNK: Blakely! GUNSHOT
UNK: Come on! Come on!
UNK: Becket Hold on, Castle. Hold on!t!
UNK: Beckett! Hold on, Castle! SCREAMS