UNK: Martha Rodgers : Oh, I had the most exquisite class this evening!
UNK: Martha Rodgers : My students are rehearsing the boxing scene
UNK: Martha Rodgers : from Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf.
UNK: Richard Castle : I'm just glad they were using your studio and not my living room.
UNK: Oh!
Martha : You're making me your fabulous pasta carbonara?
Martha : You shouldn't have.
Alexis : I didn't.
UNK: Actually, it's for Alexis.
UNK: She's just been, you know, so busy lately.
Alexis : I thought we'd reconnect.
UNK: So her favorite dish and then a screening
UNK: of Saw IV, the Director's Cut.
Martha : I hate to tell you this, darling, but she won't be here.
Castle : What do you mean? Where else would she be?
Martha : She's starting a new internship.
Castle : Another one?
Martha : She did say she wanted to try a few things to find her passion.
UNK: It's 9 : 00.
Castle : What kind of passion is she finding at this time of night?
UNK: Umm...
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGING
Martha : There, your better half.
UNK: STUTTERING
Castle : Don't change the subject.
Castle : What is this internship, exactly?
Martha : Richard, Alexis swore me to secrecy.
Castle : Yes, but as her father...
UNK: Uh-uh-uh. My lips are sealed.
Castle : Then you won't be using them to eat my pasta carbonara.
Martha : SIGHS All right, well, let me say this.
Martha : This internship has my personal seal of approval.
Castle : That doesn't make me feel any better.
UNK: The truth is the internship isn't the problem.
Castle : It's the fact she now has three of them.
UNK: Kate Beckett : Yeah, well, you never know, Castle.
UNK: This might be the one that brings the two of you closer together somehow.
UNK: I doubt it. The best I can hope for her now
Castle : is she learns to become more of an underachiever.
Beckett : Yeah, well, I'm sure you'll be able to give her some tips.
UNK: Javier Epsosito : So, neighbors heard a hellacious fight
UNK: Javier Epsosito : and then our victim here sailed out of that fourth-floor window.
Beckett : Was that his apartment?
Esposito : We're checking, but it doesn't look like it.
Esposito : Tenants don't recognize him, he doesn't have any ID.
UNK: Lanie Parish : No ID, but lots of causes of death.
Castle : You mean, other than gravity?
Lanie : Oh, yeah. See that bullet wound?
Beckett : So he was shot before he fell?
Lanie : And stabbed.
Beckett : Shot and stabbed?
Lanie : And choked and has a pencil jammed in the side of his neck.
UNK: EXCLAIMS Gives new meaning to the term "overkill."
Beckett : Did anyone see his attacker?
Esposito : We're checking with witnesses.
UNK: But I figured that our perp slipped
Esposito : out of the building during all the confusion.
Beckett : All right, let's go see what they got.
Castle : Hey, Alexis. Hey.
UNK: Alexis?
Alexis : Hey, Dad.
Castle : What are you doing here?
Castle : Is this your new internship?
Alexis : Dr. Parish agreed to let me shadow her.
Alexis : I thought if I go to med school,
UNK: this will give me a better grasp of forensic pathology.
Alexis : I've learned so much in just two days.
UNK: Sweetie, why wouldn't you tell me?
Alexis : I guess I was afraid you'd veto it.
UNK: Like maybe you'd think me being here was invading your territory or...
UNK: What?
Castle : That's crazy! I wouldn't think that.
Castle : This is great! Yeah.
UNK: I don't know if you should be exposed to crime scenes and dead bodies.
Alexis : I'm already used to it. It's equal parts gross and cool.
Lanie : I heard that, and I couldn't agree with you more.
Alexis : I finally get why you're into this, Dad.
Alexis : Now I'm into it, too.
Castle : That's great!
UNK: Great.
Castle : My worlds are colliding.
Beckett : You mean Alexis?
Castle : You knew about this?
UNK: Come on, Castle. You're the one who said you wanted to find a way
UNK: of spending more time with her.
Castle : Not like this! This is my thing.
Castle : This is our thing. It's a violation of church and state.
Castle : This would be like me just showing up at her school and teaching.
Beckett : I really think that you're overreacting.
Castle : But what if I'm not?