Martha : something else entirely.
ESPOSITO : Yo, Beckett.
Esposito : Nothing on Gage, but remember you asked me to look for a link
Esposito : between Tracy McGrath and some guy named Nelson Blakely?
UNK: Yeah.
Epsosito : I found one. From 10 years ago.
Epsosito : Tracy and a bunch of her grad student friends
UNK: went on a whitewater rafting trip with a Dr. Blakely, their professor.
Epsosito : Although it wasn't a good time for him.
Epsosito : He drowned during the trip.
UNK: So he faked his death and Tracy was in on it.
UNK: Who faked his death? Blakely?
Beckett : I'm sorry, I can't tell you.
Esposito : You know, a man can only take so much.
UNK: Hey. Hey, what are you doing here?
Castle : I found something. It's about Blakely.
Beckett : Well, shouldn't you tell Sophia about it?
UNK: She isn't my partner. You are.
Castle : May I?
Martha : All right.
Castle : Bishop, bishop, pawn.
Castle : We know Blakely was a world-class chess player.
Castle : Tracy McGrath played, too. She had a game timer.
Castle : Yet this placement makes no tactical sense.
Beckett : I'm guessing you got a theory?
Castle : I don't think the pieces have anything to do with the game.
Castle : I think Blakely was leaving Tracy a coded message
Castle : telling her where to meet him.
Castle : Maybe even a place where they played chess.
UNK: Okay, well, people play chess in parks.
Beckett : Central Park, Washington Square Park.
Beckett : Those would be great places to meet up with someone
Beckett : without drawing attention.
Castle : Exactly. Now what if each piece stood for the first letter of a word?
UNK: Bishop for "B." Pawn for "P"?
UNK: Okay, "B" and then seven spaces. That could be Brooklyn.
UNK: And Blakely made his phone call from Brooklyn.
UNK: So, Brooklyn, B-B-P, Brooklyn Bridge Park?
UNK: That meeting is at 5 : 00. That's in half an hour.
Castle : If Blakely shows, we can find out what Pandora is and we can find Gage.
Castle : What do you say?
Beckett : Blakely should have been here by now.
Beckett : Maybe he knows that Tracy's dead
Beckett : or maybe Gage already killed him.
Castle : Choose the audacity of hope. I say he'll be here.
UNK: Then shouldn't you call Sophia?
Castle : And look like an a ss if I'm wrong?
Castle : You know, I have to admit,
Beckett : I'm actually kind of surprised that you've never mentioned her before.
Castle : I wasn't allowed to. She is an active CIA agent.
Lanie : I see.
Beckett : Look, if you want,
Castle : I will answer any question you have about her.
Castle : Anything at all.
Beckett : No, thanks.
Castle : Are you sure?
Beckett : Yeah, I mean, it's really none of my business.
UNK: Okay. Then we're done with it then.
UNK: Fine.
UNK: So, how close were the two of you, exactly?
Castle : There he is.
UNK: Come on, Castle, you said I could ask you anything.
Castle : No, seriously. There he is.
BECKETT : Dr. Blakely?
UNK: Dr. Charles Blakely : I'm afraid you've mistaken me for someone else.
Beckett : No, there is no mistake.
Blakely : How did you find me?
BECKETT : Through Tracy.
Beckett : She's dead.
Blakely : If they got to her, they can get to me.
Blakely : We need to leave here now.
Blakely : I always knew this day would come.
Blakely : But Tracy?
Beckett : Dr. Blakely, what's going on? What's Pandora?
Blakely : I need you to drive me to Pier 32.