UNK: So, when's our dinner?
UNK: - Oh, he's gonna be so disappointed. - Right.
UNK: You two are gonna have a lot of fun with this.
Wilson : Your patient won't let me touch her.
Kara : I killed my son.
House : Is it my turn to say something obvious now?
House : Oh, I know. You were insane.
Kara : I did it. I chose to do it.
House : Yeah. Like diabetics choose to not produce insulin.
House : Listen. Someone got sick. Someone died.
UNK: It happens every day.
House : The only difference in this case is, it wasn't the same someone.
Kara : I could have stopped.
Kara : I didn't have to listen to those voices.
House : Spoken like a true sane person.
House : This is not your fault.
House : You're healthy now.
House : Except for the cancer.
Kara : Those voices felt as real to me
Kara : as Michael's hand
Kara : right here, when he nursed,
Kara : and the smell of his hair.
House : You do not deserve to die.
UNK: Maybe.
Kara : I don't want to live.
House : She said no.
Foreman : So we get her declared unstable, appoint a medical proxy...
House : She was unstable. Now, she's sane. She's entitled to refuse the treatment.
UNK: You have to change her mind. You can't just walk away.
House : Fine! Go on in there and tell her that every day is a blessing.
UNK: "So you killed your baby? Shake it off. Think positive. At least you're alive."
UNK: Hmm.
House : Kinda hard to sell when you don't believe it, huh?
House : And you never believed it.
House : You just wanted all that crap you went through to mean something.
House : Well, it didn't mean anything. It never does. Welcome back.
Foreman : Why are you doing this to me? I was happy.
House : You were aspiring to be content.
Foreman : Don't give me a semantic argument. I was content with the way things were.
Foreman : - That's what happiness is. - Yeah.
House : If we were all just satisfied with what we had,
House : what a beautiful world it would be.
House : We'd all slowly starve to death in our own filth,
House : but at least we'd be happy.
House : Listen, I need your self-worth to hang on this job.
House : Kicking ass here to be all that lets you rise above miserable.
House : If waking up in the morning is enough, I don't need you.
Foreman : I can live with that.
UNK: No, you can't. Not any more.
Brent : If you got treatment, then maybe we could...
Brent : When you see Mikey...
Brent : tell him his dad says he's sorry.
UNK: Hi.
House : - Night. - Night.
Wilson : Did you tell Cuddy we tested her for cancer?
Brent : - Yeah. - And?
House : It wasn't a date.
House : Turned out she had some skin lesions.
House : Guess there was no genetic predisposition.
Wilson : You TiVo The L Word?