Foreman : How do you feel?
UNK: Er...
UNK: My stomach kinda hurts.
Foreman : I need to ask you some questions, see how you're doing.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Foreman : Tell me your name.
Kara : Kara Mason. Is my son here?
Foreman : When were you born?
UNK: Please. Where's Michael? Is he OK?
Foreman : Do you hear any other voices besides mine?
Kara : No. Answer me.
Foreman : You've been suffering from delusions.
Foreman : They were caused by a vitamin deficiency, pellagra.
UNK: It made you believe things that were not real.
Kara : Like the voices.
UNK: I...
Kara : remember doing things to Mikey.
Kara : Were those real?
Foreman : I'm afraid so.
Cuddy : So, I...
Foreman : - You tried to suffocate your son. - But...
Kara : You... You stopped me.
UNK: And...
Kara : that other doctor, he got Mikey breathing.
Foreman : Your son's organs were damaged too severely.
Foreman : He passed away this morning.
UNK: Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no!
UNK: No!
Kara : Oh, my God! No! Oh, my God!
Foreman : Pellagra doesn't cause bloody vomit.
Foreman : She's still sick and getting worse.
House : So what causes pellagra and crimson spew?
House : Dead baby, while sad, not our problem.
Chase : I should have given him more polystyrene.
House : You killed him. If you don't get over it, you're gonna kill Mama, too.
Cameron : Her alcoholism caused the pellagra. Maybe it also explains the vomiting.
Cameron : - Gastritis. - Gastritis meds aren't helping,
Foreman : which may confirm her story. She only slipped once.
UNK: You remove drinking from the equation,
Cameron : internal bleeding, hypercalcemia, seizure, and pellagra are all back in.
UNK: Chase, will you get your head out of the dead baby's butt
House : and focus on the barely alive?
House : How much polystyrene did you give the kid?
Chase : One gram.
Chase : His potassium just kept rising.
House : I need your son.
Brent : Who are you?
House : Your wife's doctor. Your son may have had the same condition she does.
Brent : My son didn't have a condition. She killed him.
House : If I biopsy her intestine, she'll bleed out.
House : He obviously won't.
Brent : You're not using my son's body to help her.
House : OK. How about trading him for a beer?
House : Or maybe you're more of a whiskey guy.
UNK: You didn't have strep or a stomach bug the morning you came in.
House : You puked because you were hung over.
UNK: Accuse a recovered drunk of slipping and most of the time, you'll be right.
Brent : So I drink.
Brent : You're acting like this is my fault.
UNK: People are gonna feel sorry for you
UNK: and they'll tell you that you can't anticipate the unthinkable.
House : The fact is, you can.
House : It's just not all that pleasant.
Brent : Look, you don't know anything about...
House : I know that people don't get crazy enough to kill someone
House : without first being crazy enough for someone to notice.
House : How many times did you go out for a drink because she was crying?
House : How many times did you stay at work
House : because you couldn't listen to her telling you what a bad mother she is?
House : You were relieved when she shut down
UNK: and just sat staring for hours at a time.
House : She held the pillow over his head. You slept while she went nuts.
House : - Not exactly a draw, but... - What is wrong with you?
Brent : What kind of a person says those things now?
House : Let me do the test.
House : It'll be one less thing for you to feel crappy about.
UNK: I got a dead baby for you to biopsy.
Chase : - Let Cameron do it. - Love working NICU?
UNK: - I could get you transferred. - I told you.
Chase : I just wanted to trust patients.
House : You don't give a crap about patients.