Cameron : - No record she's on lithium. - And the tox screen was negative.
House : Lithium doesn't show on a basic tox screen, Scarecrow.
UNK: Myelomatous meningitis could also cover everything.
House : Rare complications of a rare blood cancer. You're not totally hopeless.
House : Get an S-PEP and an MRI for myelomatous meningitis.
House : Search the patient's place for lithium.
UNK: The baby's lung problem is bacterial and not chemical. Start ECMO.
House : While you're searching for the lithium, take a water sample and check the pipes.
House : You want me to write this down for you?
House : I ask you, is almost dying any excuse for not being fun?
Chase : I'm not putting that baby on ECMO.
Chase : The chance of there being bacteria in bathwater...
House : Why don't you want to work for me?
House : I'm nice, I'm fun at parties.
Chase : I'm not working NICU because of you.
UNK: The baby's x-ray suggested chemical pneumonitis.
House : Not to me. The x-ray was too consolidated.
House : So, why are you down here? Hoping to expand your make-out pool
UNK: to include the preemie to nine-year-old demographic?
Chase : I needed a break.
Chase : From the patients.
Chase : They lie to us all the time.
Chase : Foreman almost died trying to save a drug-dealing cop.
Chase : I just wanted to get away from that for a while.
House : What a complete load of crap.
House : What am I? A nurse you're trying to prep with this vulnerability thing?
Chase : ECMO could kill him.
House : You don't start him on ECMO and that infection could rampage through his body
House : like Pistons fans after a championship.
House : But you do it your way. Nothing more honest than a dead baby.
Chase : ECMO stands for extracorporeal membrane oxygenation.
Chase : - We remove your son's blood... - OK, all of his blood?
Chase : We run it through a machine which takes out carbon dioxide and adds oxygen.
Chase : Then we re-warm the blood and run it back into his body.
Chase : There is a significant risk of internal hemorrhaging, and he may also suffer...
Brent : You put him on antibiotics. Won't that take care of the infection?
Chase : Not fast enough.
Brent : Are you sure this is Mikey's best shot?
UNK: Absolutely.
Wilson : - Cuddy's trash? - Not any more.
UNK: I paid good money for it.
House : Look at what she bought.
Wilson : - Red clover. - What is red clover used for?
Wilson : Also used to treat asthma, psoriasis, joint pain...
House : She doesn't wheeze, flake, or ache.
House : And she didn't ask a pulmonologist or a dermatologist for dinner.
House : She invited an oncologist.
House : It's not a date. It's a consult.
Cameron : Mom's MRI was negative for masses, abscesses.
UNK: - There's no sign she has myelomatous... - Fascinating.
House : - Call me when we have... - She has a subarachnoid bleed.
House : So, why is our patient bleeding into her brain?
Cameron : Her blood work-up shows her pro-time's elevated.
House : She's bleeding because she's not clotting. So, why is she not clotting?
UNK: What did you bring us, Daddy?
UNK: The only mood-altering drug was vodka at the back of a drawer.
Cameron : Hiding booze is a classic alcoholic behavior.
Cameron : - That'd explain the bleeding. - What bleeding?
House : You don't remember? She bled all over you this morning. Kidding.
House : Idiots are fun. No wonder every village wants one.
Cameron : If she's an alcoholic, she would also be more prone to hypercalcemia.
UNK: But the tox screen was negative for alcohol.
House : Hey, it was your idea.
House : Now, it's even better. Mommy quits. She gets the DTs.
House : - Even explains the seizure. - It also fits conversion disorder.
Foreman : They're deep in debt, he's working around the clock, they got a new baby.
Foreman : I think the seizure was a physical response to psychological stress.
UNK: Boozy Mommy covers more symptoms.
House : Put her in a nice phenobarbital coma before the DTs kill her.
House : - Where are you going? - To put her in a pheno coma.
House : What if I'm wrong? What if Daddy's the drunk?
Cameron : Do you want us to give her the pheno or not?