House : Your paycheck.
House : You've been double-dipping.
House : Taking your vacation time here, while drawing a salary in NICU.
House : Strange. Rich boy doing all that for some extra cash.
Chase : - I'm not rich. - But your dad was. Now he's dead.
House : If you're not rich, that means that Daddy cut you out.
Chase : I'm not rich.
House : Don't let it change you.
House : And do the test.
Chase : God of compassion, take Michael into your arms
UNK: and welcome him into paradise.
UNK: Let there be no sorrow, no weeping, and no pain.
Chase : Peace and joy forevermore.
Kara : I'm sorry.
Wilson : It was a date. Cuddy's negative for all cancer markers.
Wilson : It was a date.
UNK: The baby's intestine shows slight villous atrophy.
UNK: Why would a baby have flattened villi?
House : He was being treated with polystyrene.
Foreman : - Polystyrene shouldn't... - It didn't.
UNK: The question is, what do they use in the NICU to bind it together?
Cameron : - Wheat gluten. - It's great stuff.
House : Unless your body can't tolerate it.
Chase : The baby didn't have colic? He had celiac disease?
House : Just like Mom.
House : Celiac can be triggered by all kinds of stress.
House : Bills, childbirth, drunk husband...
House : Every time she had a bowl of pasta or a slice of bread
UNK: or a slosh of soy sauce, her small intestine became more damaged,
House : less able to absorb the vitamins and minerals into her bloodstream.
House : Her body couldn't absorb enough niacin, caused the pellagra.
UNK: Couldn't absorb vitamin K, caused the bleeding.
House : And celiac is why the baby's meds didn't work.
House : His body just couldn't absorb them.
House : Switch Mom to IV nutrition. It's gluten-free.
House : That'll spruce her villi right up.
Cameron : No. Celiac causes nutritional deprivation.
Cameron : Our patient has excess calcium.
House : Tell them what causes excess calcium with a chaser of bloody vomit.
Wilson : Celiac patients are susceptible to cancer of the stomach lining.
Wilson : - She has MALT lymphoma. - Well, she's your patient, now.
House : And it wasn't a date.
House : - You don't have cancer. - You don't have dwarfism.
House : You have no proof of that. I, on the other hand, have this.
Cuddy : You ran a PCR on me without my consent?
House : - Hey, it's good news. - Really?
Cuddy : It's just hard to access
Cuddy : because of this overwhelming sense of personal violation.
House : Deal with it on your own time.
House : Bad news.
House : Estrogen is too high.
Cuddy : No matter how many people you tell otherwise,
Cuddy : I am and always have been a woman. Estrogen is normal.
House : Not this much. Not for, at least, another week.
House : That's when you ovulate.
Cuddy : You monitor my periods based on when I get bitchy or...
House : Once a month, when you leave the kids' cancer ward,
House : your eyes glisten.
UNK: And about three days later, you break your ban on sugar
UNK: and chow down a bucket of frozen yogurt in the cafeteria. Sprinkles included.
UNK: Based on the last yogurt sighting,
House : you've got another week before you ovulate.
House : You're on fertility meds.
House : With red clover as an herbal booster.
House : And the dinner with Wilson was an audition.
House : It's too bad he didn't land the gig. He would have had fun.
Cuddy : I was considering a donation. Not a party.