FOREMAN : He's sedated.
Foreman : It took five CCs of haloperidol
Foreman : to get him down after the paralytic wore off.
House : So, pain in his right ear, psychotic behavior and dizziness. Go.
Chase : Nurses said he was holding his head.
UNK: How do you know it was specifically his ear?
House : Because he was dizzy.
House : Means the problem was affecting his inner ear.
Chase : Nurses said he was running in circles.
Cameron : Doesn't mean he was dizzy.
House : He wasn't running in circles.
House : He was running in oblongs.
House : Looked like a three-year-old kid drew them.
Foreman : Acoustic neuroma that started a hemorrhage.
UNK: Explains the pain, vertigo, everything.
House : Get an MRI.
House : What else?
Foreman : If it explains everything...
House : Might not explain everything.
UNK: Well, what if he was psychotic first,
Chase : then self-mutilated, damaged the ear.
UNK: Excellent.
UNK: We need a complete psychiatric work up.
House : Your turn.
Cameron : I was gonna say what Foreman...
House : Say something else.
Cameron : He came to the clinic.
UNK: Good.
Cameron : Decent chance he had a chronic illness first,
UNK: especially given the rapid heart rate.
Cameron : Lingering ear infection, pressure builds up in his inner ear,
Cameron : bursts through the mastoid bone
UNK: while he's waiting in the clinic.
UNK: Oh, yes!
House : Get a head CT. Draw blood cultures.
House : Run a chem panel and get a complete blood count.
House : Oh, while you're at it, pour some alcohol into his ear
House : and take out the cockroach.
Foreman : He has a cockroach in his ear?
House : He was scratching that ear
House : right before the event, so I took a peek.
House : My guess is it started biting.
Cameron : Nothing else wrong with him?
UNK: Isn't that enough? It's pretty gross.
Chase : So why are we doing the tests?
House : Well, it's either that or I have to keep doing clinic duty.
UNK: You can do the tests or just stay out of Cuddy's sight.
House : I don't really care which.
UNK: BIRDS CAWING
Wilson : Why are you here?
House : Because it's not a hospital.
Wilson : It's a jogging park.
Wilson : You're not jogging. You can't jog.
UNK: I'm watching jogging.
UNK: I sit and I watch and I imagine.