Cameron : Why do you have to suffer?
UNK: Homeless Old Guy : I gave my word.
Cameron : Who would make you promise that?
UNK: Homeless Old Guy : My father.
UNK: Homeless Old Guy : He said I would die alone and miserable.
Cameron : That's not a promise.
Cameron : And even if it was, he's dead.
Cameron : And even if he's not, he's not going to care if...
UNK: Homeless Old Guy : Why did your husband have to suffer?
UNK: How do you know about my husband?
UNK: Homeless Old Guy : Well, I just know.
Cameron : You have to die in pain
Cameron : because of a promise you made to your father?
UNK: If I say "yes," you'll use that as proof that I'm insane.
UNK: Homeless Old Guy : Force treatment on me.
Cameron : Did the nurse tell you about my husband?
UNK: No.
UNK: Nurse! Yes.
Cameron : It's under control.
UNK: Homeless Old Guy : I'm sorry. I was just trying to freak you out.
UNK: Why?
UNK: Homeless Old Guy : Because I need you to remember me.
UNK: Homeless Old Guy : I need somebody to remember me.
UNK: Where did you go to college?
Eve : Northwestern. You?
House : Hopkins. What was your major?
Eve : Comparative religion.
House : Why do you trust me?
Eve : I don't know. Can't we just...
House : That's not rational.
Eve : Nothing's rational.
House : Everything is rational!
Eve : I was raped.
Eve : Explain how that makes sense to you.
House : We are selfish, base animals crawling across the earth,
UNK: and because we've got brains, if we try real hard,
House : we can occasionally aspire to something that is less than pure evil.
UNK: SIGHS
Eve : Has anything terrible ever happened to you?
House : What do you want me to say?
Eve : You wanted this conversation.
Eve : You wanted to talk about something that matters. Talk.
Wilson : She's waiting for your answer?
House : She's asleep.
House : I sedated her.
Wilson : Why do you care what you say to her?
House : Because I don't know how to answer these questions.
Wilson : It's a simple question. "Has your life sucked?"
Wilson : Tell her the truth. Tell her you were shot. Tell her...
UNK: She doesn't want to hear the truth.
House : She's looking for something.
House : Looking to extrapolate some...
Wilson : She's looking to connect with you.
Wilson : And that's what's scaring the hell out of you.
Wilson : Tell her the truth.
House : There is no truth.
Wilson : Are we role-playing?
Wilson : Am I you? I don't want to be you.
House : She's not asking for test results.
House : She's not asking what two plus two equals.
House : She's asking for my personal life experience
House : so she can extrapolate to all humanity.
House : That's not truth. It's bad science.
Wilson : It's not science at all. Tell her the truth.
Cameron : Tell her your life has been good.
House : It hasn't been.
Cameron : Tell her anyway. She wants hope.
Cameron : She wants to know that what happened to her wasn't the norm.
UNK: That things can be okay,
Cameron : which means maybe they can be okay for her again.
Foreman : Tell her your life sucked.
Cameron : It didn't.
Cameron : Tell her anyway.
Cameron : She wants to know she's not alone.
Cameron : She wants to know she's gonna survive this.
UNK: That other people have been through this
Foreman : and worse and come out the other end.
UNK: She wants to know if she's going to heal.
Foreman : Act like you've healed.
House : Tell her...
Chase : Keep her asleep.
UNK: Thanks. You all have been a huge help.
Chase : There's no wrong answer.
Chase : Because there's no right answer.
UNK: Wrong.
House : We just don't know what the right answer is.
House : Wake up.
UNK: It's not as bad as what happened to you.
House : I don't think.
House : I don't know what happened to you.
UNK: But given how lousy you're responding,
UNK: I assume it was worse than getting abused by your grandmother.
Eve : What did she do to you?
UNK: Parents traveled a lot.
UNK: They'd leave me with her.
House : She liked things the way she liked them.
UNK: And she believed in discipline.
House : She was right, I suppose,
UNK: because I hardly ever screwed up when she was around.
UNK: Too scared of getting forced to sleep in the yard or take a bath in ice.
House : Your turn.
Eve : Your parents, they never stopped her?
UNK: I never told them.
Cameron : Why not?