UNK: And if there are no answers, why talk about it?
House : You're healthy. You shouldn't be here.
UNK: I don't want to go.
House : Fine. I won't discharge you.
House : Wanna go for a walk?
UNK: GROANS
UNK: It's the last of my journey.
Cameron : You don't deserve pain. You're just an insane old man.
Cuddy : No. No. I am not going to watch you suffer.
UNK: Homeless Old Guy : I need you to remember me.
Cameron : I'll remember you!
UNK: Why?
Cameron : Because you're a nice man.
UNK: Homeless Old Guy : You don't know that. You don't know anything about me.
Cameron : Either you were a nice man or you were an ass.
Cameron : Either way you did something to somebody
Cameron : that they're going to remember.
UNK: Homeless Old Guy : I have no family. I have no friends.
UNK: Homeless Old Guy : I didn't even have a real job.
UNK: Homeless Old Guy : If I die in peace,
UNK: Homeless Old Guy : then I'm just another patient.
UNK: Homeless Old Guy : But if I die suffering...
Cameron : It'll be horrible. Don't do that to either of us.
UNK: Homeless Old Guy : No. I just need to die knowing that something is different
UNK: Homeless Old Guy : because I was here.
UNK: SIGHING
UNK: GROANS
UNK: GRUNTING
House : Life goes on.
Eve : Is that the reason why we're out here?
House : Know why I come here?
House : I sit. I watch. I imagine.
Eve : Sounds nice.
UNK: I imagine that one of them will break a leg.
House : Just one false step, one crack in the sidewalk...
House : You don't really.
House : I'm evil.
Eve : Evil people don't say they're evil.
UNK: That sounds like an easy loophole.
House : People can do good things, but their instincts are not good.
House : Either God doesn't exist or he's unimaginably cruel.
Eve : I don't believe that.
House : What do you believe?
House : Why do you think this happened?
UNK: I don't want to talk about it.
House : Me neither. Too bad.
UNK: You know, I don't think there was a reason.
House : So God does exist, lets you get raped,
UNK: needs you to keep your rape baby for no reason.
Eve : Maybe he was challenging me.
House : He hurts you to help you.
UNK: Well, I guess it's better than because he hates you.
Eve : You're trying to convince me there's no God.
Eve : Why would you even say something like that?
Eve : Because you're throwing your life away.
Eve : I'm doing what I believe!
House : What you believe doesn't make sense.
Eve : This is not helping me.
House : Then I can't help you.
House : If you believe in eternity, then life is irrelevant.