UNK: The same way that a bug is irrelevant
House : in comparison to the universe.
Eve : If you don't believe in eternity,
Eve : then what you do here is irrelevant.
House : Your actions here are all that matters.
Eve : Then nothing matters.
House : There's no ultimate consequences.
UNK: I couldn't live like that.
House : So, you need to think that the guy
UNK: who did this to you is going to be punished?
Eve : I need to know that it all means something.
Eve : I need that comfort.
UNK: Yeah. Are you feeling comfortable?
UNK: You feeling good right now? You feel warm inside?
Eve : I was raped. What's your excuse?
UNK: MONITOR FLATLINING
UNK: EXHALES
Eve : Do you think the guy who did this to me feels bad?
UNK: Would that help you? Make you feel better?
Eve : Why do you always do that?
UNK: Ask why I'm asking questions instead of just answering the question?
House : The answer doesn't interest me.
Cuddy : I don't care what he's feeling.
House : I'm interested in what you're feeling.
Cuddy : You are?
House : I'm trapped in the room with you, right?
House : Why did you choose me?
Eve : There's something about you.
UNK: It's like you're hurt, too.
House : It was true.
House : What was?
UNK: It wasn't my grandmother. But it was true.
Eve : Who was it?
UNK: It was my dad.
Eve : I'd like to tell you what happened to me now.
House : I'd like to hear it.
UNK: It was my friend's birthday party...
House : She terminated. She's been discharged.
UNK: She's going to be okay.
House : Yeah. It's that simple.
Cuddy : She's talking about what happened.
Cuddy : That's huge. You did good.
UNK: And everyone'll tell you that's what we gotta make her do.
UNK: We got to help her, right? Except we can't.
House : We drag out her story, tell each other that it'll help her heal
UNK: and feel real good about ourselves.
UNK: Maybe all we've done is make a girl cry.
Wilson : Then why did you...
UNK: BALL THUDDING
House : Because I don't know.
Wilson : You gonna follow up with her?
House : One day, one room.