House : 'Cause I don't like hypocrisy.
Eve : But you don't have a problem with cruelty?
House : Which brings us back to, why do you want me?
Eve : I don't know.
UNK: You tried to kill yourself because you couldn't talk to me.
UNK: You must have a reason.
UNK: Why does there always have to be a reason?
Eve : Can't we just talk?
House : There's a phone. Talk to a friend,
UNK: a family member. Call the police.
UNK: SIGHS
House : You want to talk about what happened to you?
UNK: No.
House : You want to talk about your STD meds?
UNK: No.
House : You don't really seem to want to talk.
Eve : No, I do.
House : About what?
UNK: SIGHS
Eve : I don't know. Anything.
House : The weather?
House : You were raped and you want to talk about the weather?
UNK: Yeah.
House : I'm not gonna talk to you about the weather.
UNK: You help her. She wants you.
Foreman : God knows why.
House : She doesn't know what she wants.
Cameron : She knows she wants you. You were the first person she spoke to about this.
House : The fact that I was in the wrong place at the wrong time
House : should be trumped by the fact that I'm useless at this.
Cameron : No, you're not.
Chase : You romantically wanting to believe that
UNK: is never going to make it true.
Chase : I'm agreeing with you.
Chase : You're the last person she should be talking to.
UNK: If she wants to talk about the weather, talk about the weather.
Foreman : She wants normalcy. She wants to feel like the world didn't end.
House : Right. I'll tell her that everything went on without her.
House : Babies were born, people got married,
House : thousands of people will remember the day she was raped
House : as the happiest day of their lives.
UNK: You might not want to phrase it quite that way.
Cameron : You need to get her to talk about what happened.
FOREMAN : No, he doesn't. Pretending it didn't happen...
UNK: Wrong. Pretending this didn't happen
Foreman : is the best thing she could possibly do.
UNK: She's got to make this real.
Cuddy : No, no. You know what we should
Foreman : be trying to make real or process?
Foreman : The few decent moments in our lives.
Foreman : Not the crap.
Cameron : Maybe you're right. Except there's no way
Cameron : she can pretend this didn't happen.
Cameron : So she has no choice but to process it.
UNK: You've got to tell me what happened.
House : You don't really want to hear.
House : Sure I do.
Cuddy : You're lying.
UNK: This doesn't have to destroy your life.
Eve : I know.
UNK: It doesn't mean anything about you.
UNK: It wasn't your fault.
Eve : I know.
House : You did nothing wrong.
House : Some jerk hurt you. That's all.
Eve : I know.
House : You're worried that you can never trust men again.
UNK: No.
UNK: Statistically, there was always a chance this could happen.
House : The fact that it did happen doesn't change anything.
UNK: The world doesn't suck any more today than it did yesterday.
Eve : I know all that.
UNK: Well, then what do you want me to tell you?
Eve : Nothing. I just want to talk.
House : About nothing. If we talk about nothing, nothing will change.
House : It might.
UNK: How?
UNK: Time.
Eve : Time changes everything.
UNK: That's what people say. It's not true.
House : Doing things changes things.
House : Not doing things leaves things exactly as they were.