Wilson : So what do you watch for?
House : That guy's running in shorts.
UNK: He's not running. He's trolling.
House : You're good at this.
Wilson : How long are you going to stay here?
House : Beauty of this place is that it's the last place Cuddy will look.
House : How can I help you?
UNK: Homeless Old Guy : The doctors gave me this.
Cameron : What doctors?
UNK: Homeless Old Guy : At the other hospital. Last month.
UNK: Do you know what this says?
UNK: Yes.
UNK: "Patient has a six-centimeter mass in the right lung.
UNK: "Cancerous. Inoperable."
Cameron : Do you understand what this means?
UNK: Homeless Old Guy : Is it okay if I sleep here tonight?
UNK: Homeless Old Guy : It's cold outside.
Cuddy : What are you doing here?
UNK: I thought House had a case.
Cameron : He doesn't.
UNK: BIRDS CAWING
Cuddy : You ordered a CT on a patient with a bug in his ear.
UNK: How did you know I was here?
UNK: I ran into Cameron in the clinic.
House : "Ran into"?
Cuddy : You ordered pointless tests just to...
UNK: Wouldn't have been pointless if you hadn't "run into" Cameron.
Cuddy : She got punished.
Cuddy : She's stuck with another dying patient.
Cuddy : Is that Vicodin?
House : Breath mint. Thought you were gonna kiss me.
Cuddy : What happened to rehab?
House : I got out.
Cuddy : It was a scam?
House : Enough foreplay. Are you going to kiss me or not?
Cuddy : You are going back to the clinic. Or jail.
House : You perjured yourself to keep me out of jail.
UNK: How are you going to tell...
Cuddy : I only did that because I thought you were getting clean.
UNK: So it's, "Do clinic duty or go to jail"?
UNK: Yes.
House : Then it'll be, "Finish your paperwork or go to jail."
UNK: "Help with fundraising or go to jail."
UNK: "Do your job or go to jail."
House : I think I'd rather go to jail.
Cuddy : You owe me.
HOUSE : Beautiful.
MAN : Thank you. It's dry.
House : Who cares? It's beautiful.
UNK: If my lawn were half as well-maintained as that,
House : pigeons wouldn't have the nerve to poop on it.
UNK: Sherlock Nose : Good grooming is important.
UNK: Was that a shot?
UNK: Sherlock Nose : People do judge you on your appearance.
UNK: Sherlock Nose : When you entered, I noted your shirt hadn't been pressed.
UNK: Sherlock Nose : You hadn't shaved in quite some time.
UNK: Sherlock Nose : I extrapolated you are a person for whom
UNK: detail was not a major concern.
UNK: Sherlock Nose : I was worried you might apply that same standard in your...
UNK: Do you use toenail clippers up there?
UNK: Sherlock Nose : They're longer so they allow me
UNK: Sherlock Nose : to better reach the upper hairs.
UNK: I'm wearing a rumpled shirt and forgot to brush my hair this week.
House : You've got athlete's foot in your nose.
House : I'm ready to be judged.
UNK: Okay. 50 dollars to any patient
House : who's willing to leave here right now.
MAN : Sounds good to me.