Ross : Hey, you guys. Hey, what are you doing?
Mike : - Figuring out our wedding plans. - Funny. We were doing the same thing.
Phoebe : It's really crazy. The hall, the dress, the food.
UNK: - I had no idea how expensive this was. - Yeah, it is really pricey.
UNK: - I freaked when I heard the numbers. - So, what did you two do about it?
UNK: It was simple. I came up with some cost-cutting solutions...
Chandler : ...wrote out a list, and Monica told me to go to hell.
UNK: There's no way around it. Just accept that this is gonna cost a lot of money.
Mike : I heard that weddings are, like, a $40 billion-a-year industry.
Ross : Yeah. And I'm responsible for just, like, half of that.
UNK: I don't know. It's a lot of money to spend on one day.
UNK: Hey, I've been married before, I don't need a big wedding.
UNK: AII I ask is that you don't do ecstasy and make out with my brother.
Phoebe : But really, it does seem like this money could be put to better use.
UNK: Hey, you could buy a ton of Amway products.
UNK: - Or give it all to charity. - Oh, that's great.
UNK: How am I gonna unload all those Amway products?
Mike : Are you serious?
UNK: Yeah. How would you feeI if we gave all the wedding money to charity...
Phoebe : ...and we just got married at City Hall?
Mike : I think it would make me wanna marry you even more.
UNK: I gotta say, you guys, that's an incredible gesture.
Chandler : Maybe you do that next time you get married.
UNK: No, no, no. The next time's gonna be Hawaii at sunset.
Ross : But maybe the time after that.
UNK: - Hey. What's going on? - Hey.
UNK: Our adoption sociaI worker is coming, so we're cleaning the apartment.
UNK: "We"?
Chandler : You know you don't want me to help. You can't have it both ways.
UNK: Is this the person who decides whether or not you get a baby?
UNK: - She's coming to see where we live. - And it has to go perfectly.
UNK: If she doesn't like us, she can keep us off every adoption list in the state.
Joey : Hey, maybe I should stop by. She could be a soap opera fan.
Joey : It's very impressive when the little people know a celebrity.
UNK: "Little people"?
UNK: "Celebrity. "
Monica : So I think I'm just about done here.
Monica : Unless you have any bad stuff hidden somewhere, like porn or cigarettes?
UNK: What?
Phoebe : - No. - Chandler.
Chandler : I don't, and I'm offended by the insinuation.
Monica : So there's not a magazine under the couch...
UNK: ...or cigarettes taped to the back of the toilet tank...
Monica : ...or a filthy video in the VCR?
UNK: I'll admit to the cigarettes and magazine. But that tape is not mine.
Monica : - It isn't mine. - I guess we'll never know whose it is.
UNK: Charity Guy : May I help you?
Phoebe : Yes. We're here to make a rather sizable donation to the children.
UNK: Charity Guy : Any contribution, large or small, is appreciated.
Phoebe : I think you're gonna appreciate the crap out of this one.
UNK: Charity Guy : - Well, this is very generous. - And we don't want any recognition.
Phoebe : This is completely anonymous.
Phoebe : Completely anonymous. From two kind strangers.
Phoebe : Mr. X and Phoebe Buffay.
UNK: We can put your names in our newsletter.
Mike : - Not necessary. - Buffay is spelled B-U-F-F-A-Y.
UNK: And X is spelled "Mike Hannigan. "
UNK: Possible headline : Attractive Couple Makes World Better.
UNK: Well, on behalf of the children, thank you both very much.
UNK: - I'm glad we did this. It feels so good. - It does. It feels really good.