Phoebe : Oh, look. And we get these free T-shirts.
UNK: Charity Guy : Actually, that's the shirt I wore to the gym.
Phoebe : It's moist.
Rachel : - Hi. Emma will be up in a minute. - Oh, good.
Rachel : Hey, Ross, listen. I heard about you and Charlie. I'm really sorry.
UNK: That's okay. I'm sure there are tons of other beautifuI paleontologists out there.
Rachel : - Absolutely. - There was one. She's it.
Ross : All the rest look like they should live under a bridge.
UNK: So, what are you gonna do today?
Ross : I was thinking of taking Emma to the playground.
Rachel : Oh, my God. What?
Ross : Like I said, I was thinking of taking Emma to the Museum of Knives and Fire.
UNK: Okay, look, Ross. I do not want Emma going to the playground.
UNK: Because...?
UNK: All right, if you must know, I had a traumatic...
Rachel : ...swing incident when I was little.
Ross : - Seriously? - Yes. I was 4 years old.
Rachel : And I was on the swing...
Rachel : ...and then all of a sudden my hair got tangled in the chain.
Rachel : And to get me out, my mom had to cut a big chunk of my hair.
Rachel : And it was uneven for weeks.
Ross : And you made it through that?
Ross : I wonder who's gonna play you in the movie.
UNK: Okay, fine, you can make fun of me. I do not want Emma going there.
Rachel : And I was thinking Claire Danes.
Ross : Look, I'm sorry to hear about your tragedy.
Ross : But the swings are perfectly safe. And besides, Emma loves them.
UNK: - You should come, and you'll see. - Those things go, like, 40 miles an hour.
UNK: And there's that moment when you're at the top...
Rachel : ...when you just don't know if you're gonna return back to Earth.
Ross : Space is filled with orbiting children.
Ross : Look, please, just come on.
UNK: When you see the look on Emma's face, I swear, you won't regret it.
Rachel : - All right. - Good.
UNK: You don't wanna be a mom who passes her irrationaI fears to her children.
UNK: "IrrationaI," huh?
UNK: I'll remember that next time you freak out about a spider in your apartment.
UNK: That's the same. I'm sure there are 30 different species of poisonous swings.
Rachel : Oh, my God. The adoption lady is early.
UNK: Okay. Okay. Here we go. Here we go.
Chandler : Stand up straight.
Chandler : Big smile.
Phoebe : Hello. Is this the Creepy residence?
UNK: We're waiting for the adoption lady. But I'm glad you're here.
Monica : I was cleaning this morning and I found this.
Laura : I don't know if you wanna use it, but...
UNK: Oh, this is so sweet of you.
UNK: But I won't be needing a veiI. I actually won't be wearing a dress at all.
Monica : I told you, I am not coming to a naked wedding!
UNK: No. We're not having a big reception.
UNK: We took the wedding money and donated it to a children's charity.
UNK: That's crazy!
UNK: Charity Guy : - Generous. - Crazy generous.
UNK: I'm sorry. I can't imagine giving up my one wedding day like that.
UNK: Well, we're different. I don't care about having a huge party.
Phoebe : This is really nice for you, but...
Phoebe : Oh, please. I put this on and I just look like-
Phoebe : Well, radiant.
UNK: All right, but who cares? I don't need a pretty veiI and a fancy dress.