UNK: You'd better watch the flirting too, because it could be trouble.
Joey : Well, that's gonna be tough, Mon.
Joey : It's hard for me to be around an attractive woman and not flirt.
Monica : You're around me all the time, and you don't flirt.
UNK: A little sad about that, sweetie?
UNK: I have to tie my shoes, so you go ahead. I'll catch up.
Phoebe : Come on, that's not running! Let's go!
Rachel : I'm telling you, when she runs...
UNK: she looks like Kermit the Frog...
Rachel : and the Six Million Dollar Man.
Ross : Monica had such a crush on him.
Ross : She used to kiss his poster every night before she went to bed.
Rachel : I used to do that too!
Monica : Did you also have his album, "It's Not Easy Being Green"?
UNK: Oh, Mon.
Monica : So Phoebe runs weird, huh?
UNK: Yeah. And I know she'll want to run again.
UNK: I don't know how to get out of it. I mean, I live with her.
UNK: Why don't you be straight with her? Tell her the truth.
Joey : You're right. I should just tell her the truth.
UNK: Phoebe, Monica tripped me. I don't think I can ever run again, ever!
UNK: But we were having so much fun. All those cute guys were checking us out.
UNK: I know. They were definitely staring.
Phoebe : Why? Why would you do that?
Monica : I don't know.
UNK: Rachel, I'm sorry I hurt your ankles.
UNK: -Ankle. -We'll see.
UNK: Okay. I am officially unpacked.
Chandler : Thanks for helping me, man.
UNK: Joe?
Chandler : Well, I guess Joey went home.
UNK: And look, there is still one box I have to unpack.
UNK: I got you!
UNK: Oh, my God, you almost gave me a heart attack.
Joey : It was so hard not to laugh.
Joey : Hey, the place looks great.
Chandler : Not bad, right?
UNK: Monica's working late, so I'm gonna make this place spotless.
UNK: You know what else I'll do?
Chandler : I'm gonna go downstairs and get her some flowers.
UNK: Who wouldn't want to live with me?
Joey : I don't.
UNK: No, I want to live with the super-hot Australian dancer!
UNK: How's that going? Are you okay with the not-flirting thing?
UNK: So far. But it's tough.
UNK: I've got this built-up flirting energy, and I don't know how to get rid of it.
UNK: How you doing?
Rachel : Get out!
UNK: Oh, man!
Janine : Sorry. There's just more room out here.
UNK: No, you just reminded me that I have to do my stretches too.
UNK: Why don't you try to be...?
Janine : -What's wrong? -Nothing.
Joey : I didn't want you to touch me...
UNK: because I'm all sweaty from the workout.
UNK: I'm gonna hit the shower.
Chandler : Oh, my God!
Janine : Sorry about that stuff hanging in there.
Janine : It's just my thongs are too delicate for the dryer.