UNK: Patient's lung function's declining rapidly.
Cuddy : Levaquin's not working.
Cuddy : He obviously doesn't have garden-variety pneumonia.
House : I'm glad you learned to take his impending death in stride.
Cuddy : - Guess what he does have. - Rats.
House : - Scars on his hand. - Rat bites.
House : But he says they're from construction work
House : so he won't have to admit he's got rats at home.
House : Catholics are right. Pride will kill you.
UNK: He has streptobacillus.
UNK: Rat-bite fever.
UNK: - Boogie oogie oogie. - Fits the symptoms perfectly.
UNK: That's certainly one possibility.
UNK: But what about the aspergillus fungus we found under the sink?
Cuddy : - What sink? - You should clean your bathroom better.
Cuddy : You broke into my house?
UNK: No. No. You're wrong. I had a key.
Cuddy : You had no right to invade my privacy.
Cuddy : There was no medical reason for that whatsoever,
Cuddy : and there was certainly no moral reason for it.
Cuddy : Oh, damn.
Cuddy : You're right.
Cuddy : The focal consolidation makes fungal pneumonia far more likely.
House : You're right I'm right.
House : On the bright side, it has the advantage of keeping you totally responsible.
Cameron : The treatment for aspergillus is amphotericin.
Cameron : - That's hugely dangerous. - Yeah? Your point being?
House : Going the dangerous and aggressive route didn't work the last time.
House : It's bound to work this time. Start him on the amphoterrible.
Chase : Dr. Cuddy?
UNK: Brother manny : I'm Manny, Alfredo's brother.
Cuddy : How's he doing?
Manny : He's worried about money. I wanna work for you.
UNK: Cuddy [sighing] : How old are you, Manny?
Manny : - Fifteen. - Twelve?
UNK: I can paint. I mow lawns. I rake leaves. I can start today.
Cuddy : Alfredo wants you to finish school.
Manny : Like you care.
UNK: Manny, I've known your brother...
Manny : He falls off your roof, and you don't come see him once?
UNK: Bitch.
House : With a patient.
Stacy : Not according to the log.
UNK: - It's 3 : 15. - Is it a commercial?
Stacy : How's Cuddy doing?
House : She's not acting like Cuddy. It's a pleasure.
Stacy : You know her.
Stacy : She has trouble with these situations, feels personally responsible.
UNK: The technical term is narcissism.
House : You can't believe that everything is your fault
House : unless you also believe you're all-powerful.
UNK: Wow, does she sound messed up.
House : I don't believe I can fix everything.
UNK: And I don't lie awake at night, tormented by that fact.
Stacy : No. You lie awake tormented by how...
UNK: I thought we were talking about Cuddy here.
Stacy : She cares.
House : She enjoys feeling guilty.
Stacy : Lisa cares. It's why she drives you nuts. 'Cause it's not just a puzzle to her.
Stacy : The patients are actually real,
UNK: their feelings actually relevant.
Stacy : And I'm telling her she can't even talk to him.
House : My God, it's contagious. You're feeling guilty, too.
Stacy : I'm just saying, take it easy on her. You owe her that.
UNK: From the moment I saw you at the EI...
House : - Commercial's over. - So glad we talked.
House : Snap, crackle, pop.
Foreman : You got some Rice Krispies in there?
Patient : That bad, huh?
House : You were here yesterday.
House : I see from the chart that Dr. Foreman prescribed medicine, not a miracle.
House : Got to give this stuff more than a day.
Patient : I didn't fill that Oreo's prescription.
House : On the theory that you didn't trust him because he's black.
UNK: Well, I'm gonna prescribe the same medicine and see if you fill it this time.
Patient : I'm not buying into no racist drug, okay?
House : It's racist because it helps black people more than white people?
UNK: On behalf of my peeps, let me just say thanks for dying on principle for us.
Patient : Look, my heart's red. Your heart's red.
Patient : And it don't make no sense to give us different drugs.
House : You know, I have found a difference.