UNK: - It's exactly what he'd do. - I know.
Cuddy : I think he's trying to protect me.
Stacy : Now, that's not the type of thing he would do.
Cuddy : I overruled him.
Cuddy : He's the best diagnostician in this hospital, and I overrule him.
Stacy : You care about this kid.
UNK: Your judgment should be worth more than his.
Cuddy : He also pointed out that I haven't been a real doctor in years.
Stacy : Now that sounds like him.
Stacy : You were just jerking Cuddy around?
UNK: She seriously thought I wanted to stop her.
Wilson : - One thing Cuddy is not is clueless. - No.
UNK: First casualty of this case is her sense of humor.
UNK: That's weird. There's nothing funnier than almost killing a guy.
Patient : I'm just having trouble getting up those steps.
Foreman : - When did you start noticing? - Oh, a week ago.
Foreman : Your blood pressure's a little high.
UNK: I've got something new that should help you out.
UNK: It combines a nitrate with a blood pressure pill.
Foreman : It's targeted to African-Americans.
UNK: Targeted?
Foreman : Yeah. Well, see, we tend to have nitric oxide deficiencies.
UNK: And the studies show this drug counteracts that problem.
Foreman : It's the first drug to...
Patient : What kind of studies you talking about?
Foreman : What kind of studies are there?
Foreman : They get some patients. They give them some drugs.
Patient : I've had white people lying to me for 60 years.
Foreman : - You think this is a tan? - You think they tell you everything?
UNK: The trouble with us black folk,
Foreman : we can't tell the difference anymore between racism
Foreman : - and everybody gets screwed. - Yeah?
Patient : Well, how about them cheap meningitis drugs they're pawning off in Africa?
Patient : - Gonna tell me that ain't racism? - That's just greed.
UNK: You really wanna screw whitey?
UNK: Be one of the few black men who live long enough to collect social security.
Foreman : Take the medicine.
UNK: Nurse.
UNK: Nurse! Help! Nurse! Help!
Alfredo : - Nurse! - What's up?
UNK: Alfredo [very Upset] : - I can't move my arm! - Take it easy. Take it easy.
UNK: The Protein C side effects we were worried about, they happened.
Cuddy : - Where was the bleed? - His brain.
Chase : It's causing right side paralysis.
Chase : I've stopped the treatment and called a neurosurgeon.
Alfredo : I can move it now.
Alfredo : - It's okay now? Can I go home soon? - The surgery went well.
Cameron : But all we did was fix the problem created by the medicine we gave you.
UNK: She says you... You look young.
Alfredo : Are you sure...
Cameron : There's five of us working on the case.
Cameron : The others are older.
Alfredo : Why doesn't Dr. Cuddy come to...
UNK: That doesn't sound too good.