UNK: due to the direct toxicity to the proximal tubule epithelium.
Cuddy : Proof that my brilliant idea of giving him amphotericin is killing him.
House : That wasn't a complete waste of time.
House : His reaction shows that you don't need to clean under your sink.
UNK: It wasn't aspergillus.
Foreman : And blood cultures show he was negative for rat-bite fever.
House : There's still plenty of other cool pneumonias.
UNK: Tested negative for Moraxella, Nocardia, cryptococcus.
Chase : He has a low titer for chlamydia antibodies. Maybe...
Foreman : No, no. His chest x-ray's all wrong for chlamydial pneumonia.
Chase : But the titer points to...
Cameron : - He had an STD last year. - That explains the titer.
Cameron : He has low sodium. Maybe it's Legionella.
Chase : No. His antigen is negative.
House : Well, that all sucks.
Cuddy : Maybe we were right to begin with.
Cuddy : His problems are all caused by DIC precipitated by falling off my roof.
Chase : DIC wouldn't cause a fever this high.
UNK: See? My lap dog agrees with me.
House : How high?
Chase : Two hours ago it was 103 with acetaminophen.
House : What about on St. Alban's Day?
House : Only temperature I'm interested in right now is his temperature right now.
House : Open up.
House : Okay. Let me clarify. Open up and keep it open.
UNK: Cuddy [softly] : - Yeah. - Okay.
House : Under your tongue.
House : You're using your left hand.
House : - Right one hurt? - No, I feel better.
UNK: What, it really doesn't hurt,
House : or you just figure if you say no,
House : you'll get out of the hospital sooner?
UNK: It doesn't hurt. I feel good.
House : You don't smell too hot.
House : Your hand is starting to rot.
House : Why are we here?
House : We are talking about cutting off a kid's hand.
House : Yes, we're talking about cutting it off,
House : not subdividing it and putting in condos.
House : - It's not a legal issue. - Are you being intentionally dense?
Cuddy : I think it's premature.
Stacy : - I've heard enough. - What?
House : She says one word and you take her side.
UNK: You should at least wait until she actually gives a medical reason.
House : - Otherwise I might take it personally. - Shut up.
Stacy : If I were to somehow find out that you two were in disagreement
Stacy : over the proper medical course of action,
Stacy : it could make it awkward for my client in court.
Stacy : My client being the two of you. So, guys, I'm a little busy here.
Stacy : Why don't we pick this conversation up in half an hour? Okay?
Cuddy : All of his symptoms are caused by his underlying problem
Cuddy : and the medicine we gave him.
House : What underlying problem?
House : You have no idea what the underlying problem is.
Cuddy : - You're the diagnostician. - Fine. It's all my fault.
House : Does that make you feel better?
Cuddy : His hand still has an arterial pulse.
House : His hand is a cesspool. And the crap is spreading.
Cuddy : You are being pretty aggressive about destroying a man's livelihood.
UNK: I don't give a damn about his livelihood.
UNK: He loses that hand, he loses his job, all of his jobs.
Cuddy : - He's not like us... - Can't work as a cripple?
Cuddy : He loses his home.
Cuddy : - His kid brother drops out. - An American dream destroyed.
House : Very sad, very emotional,
House : not one medical fact in the whole pathetic tale.
UNK: You have lost perspective, Cuddy.
House : You've stopped looking at this as a doctor.
House : You're acting like someone who shoved somebody off their roof.
UNK: You wanna make things right? Too bad, nothing's ever right.
UNK: I am happy to report that we're now so in sync
House : we're actually wearing each other's underwear.
UNK: Chop-chop time.
Stacy : - Is this true? - No. I'm lying.
UNK: It's stupid to do it with her in the room, I guess.
Stacy : - This is a big decision. - We made it.
UNK: We should convene a meeting of the ethics committee.
UNK: No!
House : Look, she is making a medical decision based on never wanting to feel regret.
House : You're making a legal decision based on wanting me to be wrong.
Stacy : Greg, you have a history of aggressive...
House : You wanted superficial agreement.
House : You wanted everybody's asses covered. You got it.