Castle : for some flophouse and a mysterious night job
Castle : that got her into so much trouble she ended up murdered?
Castle : What the hell was she mixed up in?
UNK: The man who left her apartment,
Beckett : if he's our killer, he was looking for her.
Beckett : He probably went to her work to find her.
Castle : Which means wherever that is,
UNK: it's probably the last place she was seen alive.
UNK: I got it! I found where she works!
UNK: Her bank statement said she received recent direct deposits from a DAG Corp.
Ryan : Now, I had to dig deep within the city's business registries,
Ryan : but I found one listing for a DAG Corp
Ryan : between 2nd and 3rd in the Bowery.
Beckett : Let's go.
BECKETT : There it is. Suite 250.
Castle : What kind of business do you think this is?
UNK: Shadowy import/export? Money laundering? Sweatshop?
Beckett : Shh! Shh!
WOMAN : No! Please!
Beckett : Do you hear that?
WOMAN : You're hurting me.
UNK: Bobby!
UNK: Don't! Stop!
UNK: WOMAN SCREAMS
Beckett : NYPD! Don't...
UNK: WOMEN SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY
Beckett : It's just an office.
Castle : Where only women work?
UNK: Oh, yeah, baby. I'm still here.
Beckett : What is this place?
Castle : I'd say it's about $4.99 a minute.
UNK: It's not a sweatshop.
Castle : It's a sex shop.
UNK: Oh, Murray, yeah, yeah! Yeah, like that!
UNK: Woman 1 : You hear the clicking of stilettos coming towards you, James?
UNK: Woman 2 : No men for miles, could you stay...
UNK: ...With sharp teeth for to hold you down while I suck your...
UNK: Marilyn Kane : Laura was one of my favorites.
UNK: Marilyn Kane : Just a sweet, intelligent, funny girl.
UNK: She'd only been he re a few months,
UNK: Marilyn Kane : and already she was one of our most popular goddesses.
UNK: Marilyn Kane : I can't believe that she's dead.
UNK: Was she taking calls last night?
Marilyn : No, no. She took last night off, said she had something to take care of.
Beckett : Laura told her sister that she was in trouble at work,
UNK: that something had happened.
Marilyn : Nothing happened that I know of.
Marilyn : She did seem distracted the past few days, but that's about all.
Castle : Well, being the "Chief Sexecutive Officer,"
Castle : did you notice any conflicts with her and her colleagues?
UNK: Well, she kept to herself, but she got along well with the other girls.
Marilyn : There were no complain ts about Laura.
Beckett : Did she ever tell you why she was working here?
Beckett : What do you mean?
Beckett : I just find it odd.
Beckett : She's a professor with a promising career ahead of her
Beckett : and then all of a sudden, she decides to become a phone sex operator.
Marilyn : Maybe she liked it.
Marilyn : We get all types here, Detective. Students, actresses, moms.
Marilyn : I knew an accountant who did it because she liked the challenge,
Marilyn : and it turned her on.
Marilyn : It's a powerful thing to make a client lust for you.
UNK: Hmm.
Castle : Any chance that one of her clients became obsessed with her?
Marilyn : Oh, honey, obsessi on pays our bills.
Beckett : Could they have found out her real identity, maybe contacted her?
Marilyn : Absolutely not.
Marilyn : No, we keep all of our girls anonymous.
Marilyn : Clients can't be contacted directly.
Marilyn : They call one central line,
UNK: and all their calls are routed to each girl by our dispatcher.
UNK: Sarah Marx : Yeah, it's my job to take the client's name and credit card information,
UNK: Sarah Marx : and then route the calls to the girls.
UNK: It's 3 : 00 in the afternoon Is it always this busy?
Sarah : Sure. Some guys need a morning jolt.
Sarah : Some guys need an afternoon pick-me-up.
Beckett : Someone should have told them coffee's cheaper.
Sarah : It's not just about the sex.
Sarah : That's the part of this business most people don't understand.
Sarah : Guys call, girls call, they're looking for release.
Sarah : Sometimes that release is sexual, but sometimes...
Castle : It's therapy.
UNK: Or so I've been told.
Sarah : It's true.
Sarah : Laura was a successful goddess not just because of her sexy talk,
Sarah : but because she was a really good listener.
Beckett : Well, that might have gotten her killed.
UNK: Sarah, were there any clients that she asked to have blocked?