UNK: No.
Beckett : What about problems here at work?
UNK: Was there anything she couldn't tell her boss about?
UNK: SOBBING No. She...
Beckett : She what?
UNK: Sarah?
Sarah : I'm sorry. Oh, God, I'm so sorry.
Sarah : It's my fault she's dead.
UNK: How?
Castle : Did a client find out who she was?
UNK: No.
Sarah : It was the other way around.
Sarah : Laura came to me about a week ago.
Sarah : She wanted a client's contact information.
Sarah : I told her it was completely against policy.
Sarah : But she was desperate. She said it was a matter of life and death.
UNK: Okay, we're gonna need that client's name.
Beckett : Edgar Navarro?
Edgar : I didn't do nothing.
Edgar : You had no right to drag me out in front of my mom's.
UNK: No?
Beckett : Where were you last night between 8 : 00 and 10 : 00?
Edgar : What's this about?
Beckett : Do you recognize this woman?
UNK: Hey, look, I don't know what she told you,
Edgar : but all we did was talk.
Edgar : I didn't do nothing illegal.
Beckett : Then how come she's dead?
UNK: STAMMERS What?
Beckett : We know that she called you, Edgar.
Beckett : And that the two of you met up.
Edgar : It's not what you think. She just needed my help.
Beckett : What kind of help could you have given her?
Edgar : I learned how to fix computers in prison.
Castle : That's why Laura called me.
Edgar : She needed me to copy some digital recordings for her from their hard drive,
Edgar : but she didn't know how to rip them.
Edgar : I told her I needed the file extensions.
UNK: She said she'd get them, then call me from her cell to walk her through it.
Beckett : Only she didn't even own a cell, Edgar.
Edgar : Yes, she did.
Edgar : That's her number right there.
Beckett : Did she tell you why she needed those files copied?
Edgar : Said she'd heard something on a call.
Edgar : Something she wasn 't supposed to hear.
Edgar : Something bad.
Edgar : She said she needed a copy of it for evidence.
Beckett : So Laura never mentioned a call that upset or concerned her?
Marilyn : She never said a word.
Castle : And she never asked for copies of recordings?
Marilyn : No. And I'm the one to ask.
Marilyn : This computer room is locked up tight,
Marilyn : and I'm the only o ne with the key.
Marilyn : The lock's broken.
UNK: Okay.
MARILYN : The hard drive's gone.
Marilyn : All of our calls for the last two months were on that drive.
Beckett : When was the last time you were in here?
Marilyn : This morning. Everything was fine. This must have just happened.
Beckett : Has anyone visited the office today?
UNK: Yes.
Marilyn : A man from the gas company.
Marilyn : He said there was a leak in the building because of the construction.
Castle : Can you describe him?
UNK: Um, about six feet tall, white, dark hair.
UNK: The same guy who was at Laura's apartment the night she died.
Castle : What the hell was on that recording?
Castle : Whatever it is, it's worth killing for.
Martha : So how's the case of The Phone Sex Gal Who Knew Too Much going?
Castle : It's more of a conspiracy thriller,
Castle : like The Conversation or Blow Out.
Castle : Everyone wants this recording and the secrets on it.
UNK: Mmm. Very mysterious.
Castle : Yeah, and that's not the only mystery.
Castle : Why would a woman like Laura Cambridge,
Castle : a highly educated professor,
Castle : suddenly quit everything, and just drop out of her life
Castle : for a series of menial jobs,
Castle : culminating in the wonderful world of phone sex?
Castle : None of the pieces fit.
UNK: Hmm. Who called her? I mean, you must be able to trace the call
Martha : even though you don't have the recording, right?
Castle : Well, we have subpoenaed a list
UNK: of all the incoming calls on Laura's shifts,
UNK: but that's gonna be like looking for a needle in a needlestack.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGING
UNK: Hello?
MAN : Mr. Castle. Do you remember me?
UNK: Mysterious Man : I called you before, about Detective Beckett's safety.
Castle : I remember.
UNK: Mysterious Man : Once again, Mr. Castle,
UNK: it seems that we need to talk.
Martha : Are you sure it's the same man who called you about Beckett?
Castle : It's definitely him.
Martha : Then the death of this young woman is
Martha : somehow connected to Beckett's mother?
Castle : It has to be. Otherwise why would he call?
Martha : What did he say?
UNK: He said that there were greater forces at play,
Castle : that more was at stake than we realized.