Beckett : Hey, Espo, what's up?
UNK: I'm at the Gotham 11 offic There's something you need to see.
Esposito : This is Pat McConnell, Laura's college buddy.
Esposito : Tell them what you told me.
PAT : I hadn't seen Laura in years.
Pat : Just a few days ago, she calls me out of the blue.
Pat : Says she needs to see some raw footage we shot
Pat : for this research project she's working on.
Pat : So I set her up at this edit bay.
Pat : She was here for over eight hours.
Pat : I mean, at one point she even fell asleep.
Pat : I came by to check on her, and she had her eyes closed.
Beckett : Raw footage of what?
UNK: It's all B-roll. Of Mayor Weldon.
Esposito : City council meetings, playground openings,
Esposito : backstage at a press conference.
Beckett : A scandal about a prominent, powerful New Yorker.
ESPOSITO : And check out this last tape she was watching.
UNK: PEOPLE SPEAKING ON MONITOR
UNK: It's the Reading Train Foundation. I went to their gala last year.
ESPOSITO : Look at the girl on the side of the screen.
Beckett : That's Laura.
Castle : That's impossible. He said he didn't know her.
UNK: Castle, look at what the mayor is wearing.
Beckett : It's a light brown coat. And it looks like cashmere.
Beckett : That's just the coat that our killer was wearing.
Castle : Beckett, I know this man. I've known him 12 years. He's not a killer.
Beckett : You don't know that. Yes, I do.
Beckett : Castle, he lied about knowing our victim.
Castle : He was standing next to her. That doesn't mean he knew her.
Castle : Do you know how many people he meets in a day?
Castle : Expecting him to remember them all,
Castle : that's like expecting me to remember
UNK: everyone who comes to my book signings.
Beckett : You're biased.
Castle : You're damn right, I'm biased. Robert Weldon is a good man.
Beckett : Even good men make mistakes. He had access to that car.
Beckett : His aide said that he left the event at 9 : 00 p.m.
Beckett : That's right inside our kill zone.
Castle : Fine. What's his motive?
Roberta : I don't know. At least not yet.
Castle : Then give him a chance.
Castle : Because the minute you move on him, his career is over.
UNK: So, what's the latest?
UNK: We got a couple of promising leads.
Beckett : I'm hoping to find something concrete soon.
Gates : Well, anything more on the victim?
Gates : Anything connecting her back to City Hall?
Beckett : No. Not yet.
Gates : All right, Detective. Anything pops, you let me know.
Beckett : Great. Now I'm a liar.
Castle : You know what I think?
Castle : I think she's hoping it's him. Because if he's gone, I'm gone.
Beckett : Castle, you can't make this one about you.
CASTLE : Where are you going?
Beckett : You're right. We have to figure out Weldon's motive.
UNK: There's no way that Gates is gonna let me subpoena that coat without it.
UNK: Really? That's your takeaway?
Beckett : What do you want me to do, Castle?
Weldon : I know that he's your friend,
Beckett : but I'm sorry, if he killed that girl...
Esposito : He didn't. Then let me prove it.
UNK: Ryan?
Beckett : All right, thanks for your help.
Weldon : Anything else on that video?
Ryan : Actually, yeah. When we first saw Laura,
Ryan : she was wearing a volunteer badge for the Reading Train Foundation.
Ryan : She was on staff at the mayor's charity.
Castle : That doesn't mean he knew her.
Beckett : Ryan, you're with me.
Beckett : Castle, I'm sorry, but you can't be objective on this one.
UNK: So I'm gonna have to pursue it on my own.