UNK: Connie Park : No. I don't know if Mayor Weldon and Laura Cambridge were acquainted.
UNK: Connie Park : I don't know much about her at all. She wasn't here very long.
Beckett : What do you mean?
Connie : Well, we hired Laura as a volunteer about a week ago.
Connie : A few days later we had to fire her.
UNK: Why?
Connie : She was caught copying confidential files.
Ryan : What kind of files? Accounting files.
Beckett : Any idea why she would be interested in those files?
UNK: SIGHS
Beckett : Ms. Park?
UNK: WHISPERING It's sensitive. I'm not supposed to talk about it.
Beckett : Ms. Park, a woman was murdered and we are trying to figure out why.
Beckett : You can talk to us here or we can go downtown.
UNK: SIGHS
Connie : We recently discovered some discrepancies in our accounts.
Connie : We found there was some money missing.
Ryan : How much money? $2.3 million.
Connie : There's an internal investigation going on.
Beckett : This investigation, does it have anything to do with Mayor Weldon?
Alexis : Thank you.
Ryan : Attorney General's office confirms that
Ryan : Mayor Weldon is the subjec of the investigation.
UNK: We were looking for motive, and here it is, $2.3 million worth.
Beckett : Weldon embezzled from his own charity.
UNK: Someone must've told Laura about it during one of her sessions,
Beckett : and she decided to investigate.
UNK: When she found enough evidence to expose the mayor,
Ryan : he killed her to shut her up.
UNK: You gonna tell her?
Shay : I have to.
Ryan : This'll destroy Weldon, you know.
Beckett : Yeah, I know.
Esposito : And when he's gone, the first thing she'll do is get rid of Castle.
UNK: Richard Castle : I know.
GATES : Are you sure about this?
Beckett : Yes, sir. But the moment I file a warrant request for that coat,
Beckett : it becomes public record.
UNK: So?
Beckett : So then everyone will know that Mayor Weldon is a person of interest.
Gates : Isn't he?
UNK: Yes,
UNK: but what if I'm wrong?
Beckett : It could ruin his career.
Gates : We are tasked by the city of New York to protect its people.
Gates : Sometimes that task comes with a cost.
Gates : I know what they call me, Detective. "Iron" Gates. I hear the whispers.
UNK: "She's from IA. She must hate cops."
Gates : Well, the truth is, I love cops.
Gates : My daddy was a cop. My uncles were cops.
Gates : But the sergeant who assaulted my patrol partner
UNK: under the color of authority?
Gates : Who holds him accountable?
Shay : We do.
Gates : Go to the mayor.
Gates : Get him to voluntarily surrender his coat for fiber testing without a warrant.
Gates : Tell him it's the only way to keep it out of the media.
Gates : But if he refuses,
Gates : you get that warrant and you do your job.
Gates : Whatever the cost.
UNK: You're going to see Weldon?
UNK: Yes.
Castle : I'd like to come with you. I think I can help.
Beckett : I don't think you can.
Castle : I heard what you said. I did.
Castle : And I think I can be a valuable asset.
Castle : I play poker with the guy. I can tell when he's bluffing.
Beckett : What about if I have to force his hand? Can you be an asset then?
Castle : Look, I don't think he did it, but if he did, I want to know.
Castle : That makes me objective.
UNK: Brian Shay : Sir, you don't have to talk to them. It's my job.
UNK: It's okay, Brian. I don't need you to protect me.
UNK: Sir... I haven't done anything wrong.
UNK: Please.
Alexis : Thank you. Thank you.
Beckett : Your Honor, I appreciate you speaking with us.
Weldon : It sounded like I didn't have a choice.
UNK: The last time we spoke, you said that you didn't know Laura Cambridge.
Beckett : That's right.
Beckett : And yet here you are, standing next to Laura,