UNK: MAYOR WELDON : Is that the victim?
Beckett : Yes, Laura Cambridge.
Beckett : Do you recognize her, Your Honor?
Weldon : My staff would know better,
Weldon : but I don't believe she's connected with this office.
UNK: Sir, I am sorry to have to ask you this,
Beckett : but where were you last night between 8 : 00 and 10 : 00 p.m.?
UNK: She's one of New York's finest, eh, Ricky?
Castle : She's the best.
UNK: Yeah, so you keep telling me.
Weldon : I was at a small fundraiser last night, with about 50 other people.
Weldon : I'll get you their names.
Beckett : Yeah, I appreciate that. And what about the car?
Weldon : That was one of several used by my office for the event.
Weldon : Apparently, one of my staffers reported it stolen later that night.
Weldon : Off the record,
UNK: the people I was with last night were part of my inner circle.
UNK: We're forming an explorato committee for a possible r at governor.
Weldon : But I'm not anxious to make that public yet.
Beckett : I'll do my best to keep the nature of your business private.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: I'd hoped you'd be there, Rick.
Castle : Fondue night with Alexis, but I did send a check.
Weldon : Thank you for that.
Weldon : I know that you have a lot more questions, Detective.
Weldon : My chief of staff, Brian Shay,
Weldon : will answer anything else you want to know.
UNK: Listen, listen, listen to me, Jack. You're swinging in the wind on this.
UNK: Brian Shay : But you get me three more votes in the council,
UNK: Brian Shay : and I'll send you a helicopter.
UNK: EXHALES
UNK: Brian Shay : You're the detective, right?
UNK: Yes. Have a seat.
Shay : Jordan, we don't need you in on this.
Weldon : I'll leave you guys to work through this, unless, Rick,
Weldon : you want to take a look at our new library initiative?
Weldon : Wouldn't hurt us to have your endorsement on that.
Castle : For the New York Public Library? My first love? Anything.
BRIAN : I've already done your leg work, Detective.
Shay : The car was checked out by Elizabeth Watson,
Shay : senior director of communication here at the office.
Shay : When she left last night's event around midnight,
Shay : she discovered that it was missing.
Shay : Here's her statement.
Beckett : With all due respect, Mr. Shay,
Beckett : police investigations are usually conducted by the police.
Shay : Yeah, well, unfortunately, the 24-hour news cycle
Shay : moves a hell of a lot faster than you do,
Shay : and I have to get all my ducks in a row before this thing breaks.
Shay : It's my job.
Beckett : And my job is to find Laura's murderer.
Beckett : So if you don't mind, and even if you do,
UNK: I'm gonna get my own statement from Ms. Watson about that car,
UNK: and I'm also gonna need statements from all of your staff
Beckett : as to whether they recognize our victim.
Shay : Knock yourself out.
Shay : But trust me, you're wasting your time.
Beckett : It's my time to waste.
Beckett : Now, I got a job to do.
Shay : So do I.
Shay : Let me be clear, Mayor Weldon is my priority.
Shay : And I'm not about to let this thing embolden his opponents
Shay : and ruin everything that we've built.
Castle : He's right, you know.
Castle : If this thing gets out, and they aren't ready with a response?
UNK: That's front-page material for weeks.
UNK: It's front-page news either way.
Beckett : If his staff wants to minimize damage, they'll step back and let me do my job.
Beckett : Step back? These are politicians.
Castle : They can't order at a restaurant
Castle : without two compromises and an ultimatum.
UNK: Victoria Gates : Beckett, my office.
Gates : What did you find out at City Hall?
Beckett : Staffer that reported the car stolen is accounted for all last night,
Beckett : and no one in the mayor's office seems to recognize our victim.
Gates : So her ties to that vehicle could be purely coincidental?
Beckett : That's entirely possible.
Gates : Castle and the mayor are friends, right?
UNK: Sir?
Gates : These investigations are like juggling wet dynamite.
Gates : One misstep, and it'll all blow up in your face.
Beckett : I can handle myself.
Gates : Well, that's good, Detective.
Gates : Because I won't be the only one watching.
Castle : What was that about?
UNK: Politics, and your connection to the mayor.
Castle : What does it matter? We know he's not involved.
UNK: What?
Beckett : She's right. You are biased.