Castle : Clearly, this is not just about phone sex.
Castle : Whatever Laura Cambrid ge overheard that night,
Castle : it got someone's attention, someone big.
Martha : What I don't get is what are you supposed to do about it?
Castle : I don't know. He gave me a number to contact him if I needed help.
Castle : He said I would know when it was time.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
UNK: Do you plan to tell Beckett?
Castle : Tell her what?
Castle : Hey, Kate, I've been taking calls from a shadowy figure
Castle : who wants to keep you off your mother's murder case,
Castle : so they don't kill you, too?
UNK: Yeah, okay. Hold on, wait. MUFFLED What did you say?
Beckett : No, I'm not eating.
UNK: Thanks.
Beckett : Hey, you're just in time.
Alexis : Thank you.
Beckett : What's wrong?
UNK: Nothing.
UNK: So, what have we got?
Beckett : Lanie just called.
Beckett : She said that she found fibers in Laura's mouth and esophagus.
UNK: The lab ID'd it as light brown cashmere,
Beckett : which was most likely from our killer's coat sleeve.
Beckett : Brown cashmere. So we can narrow our suspects down
Castle : to rich men with impeccable taste.
Beckett : Are you saying you're a suspect?
Castle : Alexis is my alibi.
Castle : What about our gas company worker?
Beckett : Well, surprise, he doesn't work for the gas company.
Beckett : And uniforms said that
Beckett : there was no forensic evidence at the Dial-A-Goddess office.
RYAN : But what we did get from Dial-A-Goddess
UNK: were their copious call logs.
Ryan : About 200 pages worth.
Ryan : These ladies are busy.
Ryan : I've been going through them all morning,
Ryan : trying to sort Laura's cal from the other girls' lines.
Castle : Are there any calls in there from the mayor's office?
UNK: I thought you said you were confident that he wasn't involved.
Castle : I'm just trying to be thorough and impartial.
Ryan : Not yet, but the private sector is well represented.
UNK: I got calls from The Met, banks, several high-profile brokerage houses.
Ryan : No wonder the economy collapsed, huh?
Esposito : Yo, Beckett.
BECKETT : Excuse me.
Beckett : What do you got?
Castle : Hey, if anything shows up in here
UNK: and it's tied to either Beckett's shooting or Johanna Beckett's murder,
Castle : would you tell me right away?
UNK: Wait. You guys think this is connected...
UNK: No.
UNK: Not "you guys." Beckett doesn't know, and I don't want her to know.
Ryan : Why do you think it's connected?
Beckett : I just...
Castle : I just want to cover all my bases.
UNK: Okay? Okay.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: You guys, so uniforms canvassing around Laura's apartment
Beckett : found a cab that recognized her pic.
UNK: He said that two days ago,
Beckett : he dropped her off at the Gotham 11 TV station downtown.
Castle : A television station?
Castle : Why would she go to a television station?
Ryan : Why would she go into the phone sex business?
Ryan : Why would she do any of these things she did?
Esposito : Well, hopefully I'll get some answers.
Esposito : But first, I ran down that cell number we got from Edgar Navarro.
UNK: It's a pay-as-you-go phone. Laura just activated it six days ago.
Esposito : She's hardly used it. She made one call to Edgar
Esposito : and another on the day she died, to an agent.
Castle : A federal agent.
Esposito : No, a book agent. Trevor Hanes.
UNK: Trevor Hanes : It's just absurdly tragic. Laura was an incredibly talented writer.
CASTLE : You were her agent.
Hanes : Yeah. We signed her as a client about six months ago
Hanes : on the back of an astonishing book proposal.
Beckett : What's the book about?
Hanes : It's a scathing indictment of societal inequity,
Hanes : as seen through the lens of the working poor.
Hanes : A sort of contemporary take on How the Other Half Lives.
Hanes : A privileged young woman gives up every comfort
Hanes : to experience life below the poverty line.
Castle : That's why she took all those jobs. First-hand research.
TREVOR : Thing pitches itself, really.
Beckett : So, we'll need to see a co of that manuscript.
Beckett : Her investigations might have led to her death.
Hanes : Well, there isn't one. At least, not that I've seen anyway.
Hanes : Besides, I don't think she was killed because of her anti-capitalist polemic.
Beckett : What do you mean?
Hanes : Well, earlier this week, she called my office.
UNK: Said she'd stumbled upon a much more explosive story.
Hanes : A scandal involving a very prominent, very powerful New Yorker.
Hanes : She said it would rock the city to its very foundations.
UNK: STAMMERS What prominent New Yorker?
TREVOR : She wouldn't say.
UNK: I just assumed it was a pitch for her next book.
UNK: We were gonna discuss it this week. CELL PHONE RINGING
Beckett : Sorry. Excuse me.