Castle : Maybe Laura found out about it and tried to warn him.
Beckett : Or maybe she and Weldon did talk.
Beckett : She confronted him with what she knew, and he killed her.
UNK: Mmm. I believe the conspiracy. I mean, I know Weldon.
Beckett : And Weldon knows you.
Beckett : Conspiracies, intrigue, that's your bread and butter.
Beckett : That's exactly the kind of story that you would respond to.
Beckett : I'm sorry, are you suggesting he's playing me?
UNK: I am suggesting that you consider the possibility.
Beckett : I have a procedure to follow.
UNK: He didn't provide his coat willingly,
UNK: so I'm gonna have to get a court order.
UNK: CHUCKLES Whoa.
Castle : Once word gets out that the NYPD subpoenaed his clothing
Castle : in connection with embezzlement and murder,
Castle : that man's career will be over.
Beckett : Not if he's innocent.
Castle : Are you kidding me?
Castle : Kate, this is politics.
Castle : Perception is reality. The truth won't matter.
Beckett : What am I supposed to do, Rick?
Beckett : I can't just stop being a cop just because it's inconvenient.
Castle : No, no, no, just... You can wait.
UNK: All right? For something else, for another lead.
Beckett : For the coat to disappear?
UNK: You don't think I don't know what's at stake here?
Beckett : Do you think I actually want to do this?
Castle : Then don't do it.
Beckett : I don't have a choice.
Weldon : My office is cooperating fully with both investigations,
Weldon : and I stand here with 100% confidence
UNK: that a full and thorough investigation
Weldon : will reveal that I am completely innocent of any wrongdoing.
UNK: Do you still believe him?
Weldon : I do.
Martha : You've been down this road before with a friend.
Martha : You believed Damian Westlake He's rotting in prison for murder.
Castle : Damian and I were kids together.
Castle : Believing in him was sentiment.
Castle : My experience tells me Weldon is innocent.
Castle : My experience tells me
Castle : there's something very wrong with this whole situation.
Martha : In that case, maybe it's time to phone a friend.
UNK: Mysterious Man : Right there, Mr. Castle. That'll be fine.
Castle : You know Weldon's not behind this. That's why you offered your help.
Castle : He's right about the conspiracy, isn't he?
UNK: Mysterious Man : He isn't wrong.
Castle : So what do I do? How do I help him?
UNK: Mysterious Man : Listen to the evidence. That's what Laura did.
Castle : No, I watched the video of Laura and the mayor a hundred times.
Castle : There's nothing there.
UNK: Mysterious Man : That's not what I said, Mr. Castle.
Beckett : I met Weldon a few times before this.
Beckett : I liked him.
Ryan : You didn't set his house on fire.
UNK: No.
Beckett : I just threw gasoline on it.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGING
UNK: Beckett.
Castle : Thanks for coming.
Castle : I wasn't sure that you would given the way we left things.
UNK: SIGHS
Beckett : I can't apologize for doing my job, Castle.
Castle : And I would never ask you to.
UNK: So why did you call me here?
Castle : Because I had an epiphany.
Castle : All this time, we've been looking for evidence,
UNK: when we should've been listening instead.
Castle : This all started when Laura told Edgar Navarro
Castle : she heard something on a call,
Edgar : something she wasn 't supposed to hear.
Castle : We writers call this "the inciting incident."
UNK: Whoever she spoke to, whatever she heard,
UNK: is what led to her murder.
Beckett : Well, what does it matter? I mean, the hard drive is stolen.
Beckett : The recording is gone. We'll never know what she heard on that call.
Castle : No, but we might know who she heard it from.
Beckett : You remember how Laura fell asleep
UNK: watching those B-roll tapes at Gotham 11?
UNK: Mmm-hmm. She was closing her eyes.
Castle : She wasn't watching the tapes, she was listening to them.
Beckett : So you're saying she was trying to ID our caller's voice?
Castle : I had Sarah, our goddess dispatcher, listen to those B-roll tapes.
Sarah : It's him. I'm sure of it. He was one of Laura's regulars.
Castle : Show her who.
UNK: How much more time can I spend here?
Beckett : The mayor?
JORDAN : Another 20 minutes, sir.
UNK: We have to get back to your office for your meeting...
Sarah : That guy.
Castle : Jordan Norris, deputy assistant to the mayor's chief of staff.
BECKETT : Mr. Norris, you told us that you didn't know Laura Cambridge.