Beckett : That's right.
UNK: And yet your 89-year-old grandmother, Greta Markenson, did.
Ryan : According to the phone sex records,
Beckett : Laura received numerous phone calls from her.
UNK: Which made poor Greta look pretty frisky
UNK: until we realized you'd been housesitting at her apartment.
UNK: STAMMERS I may have called that service from time to time.
UNK: But I never knew who I was talking to. I mean, how would I?
BECKETT : We'll get to that in a minute.
Beckett : In the meantime, we checked your phone records
Beckett : and you sent this text to a burner cell about a month ago.
Beckett : Now, to most people that would look like a series of random numbers.
Beckett : So we looked into it.
Beckett : Those are actually numbers to a bank account
Beckett : for Mayor Weldon and his charity.
Beckett : Numbers that someone could've used
Beckett : to make it look like the mayor was embezzling money.
UNK: The man who trusted you. And you sold him out.
Castle : So what'd they give you, Jordan? What did they promise you?
UNK: STAMMERS I thought this was just about the money.
Norris : I didn't know. I didn't kn they'd try to destroy him.
CASTLE : And when you found out you betrayed the man you worked for,
Castle : it ate you up, didn't it?
Castle : So much so that one night after too many shots of tequila
Castle : you called Laura, and you let it all spill out.
UNK: Well, you didn't mean to, but she was such a good listener.
Norris : It was anonymous. I was supposed to be safe.
Castle : But you weren't because she was a writer,
Castle : and you gave her the story of her life.
Castle : So she tracked you down. She confronted you.
UNK: She was gonna blow the whistle on you, on your friends.
Castle : She had to be stopped.
BECKETT : We talked to your doorman, Jordan.
Beckett : We know that she visited you that night.
Norris : Okay, she was there.
UNK: But she left after 20 minutes.
Norris : I didn't kill her.
BECKETT : You didn't have to.
Beckett : All you had to do was call that same burner phone,
Beckett : and whoever answered sent a man,
Beckett : a man without a face
Beckett : who choked the life out of Laura Cambridge,
Beckett : and then he broke into her home and her work
Beckett : and he destroyed all of the evidence of everything she knew.
Castle : Whose phone was it, Jordan?
Norris : You don't understand.
Norris : These people,
Norris : they're more dangerous than you know.
Beckett : You are looking at 20 years in prison.
Beckett : I am offering you a way out.
Beckett : Now, who did you call?
Beckett : I want a name.
Beckett : Who did you call?
UNK: STAMMERS
Beckett : A name, Jordan.
Castle : Say it.
UNK: Okay.
Norris : The person that I called...
UNK: Bill Moss : If it's all the same to you,
UNK: Bill Moss : I'd prefer my client not be asked any more questions.
Norris : Your client?
Beckett : Mr. Norris, I'm Bill Moss.
Moss : From now on, please don't speak to anybody outside of my presence.
Moss : I've been retained to represent you.
Beckett : By who?
Moss : We're done here.
Gates : It seems our mayor will live to fight another day.
Gates : Justice has prevailed.
Beckett : Not for Laura Cambridge.
Gates : We charged Mr. Norris with criminal facilitation. That's something.
Beckett : Jordan Norris is a pawn.
Beckett : I want the people controlling him.
GATES : Oh, it's a long game, Kate.
Gates : Play it piece by piece.
Castle : Why would you abandon all your plans? You've been cleared of all charges.
Alexis : You know, for someone who kills off all his characters,
Weldon : you have a strange stubborn streak of optimism in you.
Alexis : But, no, I can 't run for govern or in two years.
Weldon : I can't run for president in six.
Weldon : That dream is done.
Castle : There's gotta be something we can do. You're innocent.
Weldon : A little too innocent.
Weldon : There are people out there, I realize it now,
UNK: people who control what goes on in this city and beyond.
Weldon : I wouldn't play ball, so they took me out of the game.
Weldon : It's been decided. This is as far as I get.
Castle : So what are you gonna do now?
Weldon : I am going to continue being an outstanding mayor
Weldon : for the greate st city on Earth.
UNK: Mysterious Man : Why did you contact me, Mr. Castle?
UNK: Mysterious Man : The case is resolved.
UNK: Resolved? How is it resolved?
Castle : Someone tried to destroy this city's mayor and I want to know who.
UNK: Mysterious Man : Trust me when I say it's not your concern.
Castle : It is if it involves Becke or her mother's murder.
UNK: Mysterious Man : You're a writer, finish this sentence :
UNK: Mysterious Man : If Weldon had been run out of office...
Castle : I'd be gone from the 12th Precinct.
UNK: Mysterious Man : And then who'd keep Beckett from looking into things she shouldn't?
UNK: Mysterious Man : Who'd keep her out of harm's way?
Castle : So you did this to protect her?
UNK: Why?
UNK: Mysterious Man : You play chess, Mr. Castle?
UNK: Mysterious Man : There are times when a well-placed pawn is more powerful than a king.
Castle : I have your number if I need to reach you.
UNK: Mysterious Man : You don't reach me, Mr. Castle.
UNK: Mysterious Man : I reach you.