UNK: Martha Rodgers : You cataracts and hurricanes, spout!
UNK: Till you have drenched our steeples. Drown...
UNK: Dad...
UNK: Richard Castle : I know what you're asking, and the answer is yes.
UNK: Richard Castle : Yes, you can take your grandmother
UNK: Richard Castle : and her entire production of King Learto college with you.
Alexis : I'm going crazy.
UNK: Earplugs?
Alexis : Not that. I need something to do.
UNK: I had planned to be at Stanford, but now I'm here, just waiting.
Castle : What about school?
Alexis : I finished all my credits.
Alexis : All I'm taking this semester is Theoretical Physics.
Castle : Maybe this is exactly what you need.
Castle : A little time off to discover yourself.
Castle : Travel, adventure. Go for a little life experience!
Alexis : That's a great idea. I could get an internship.
Alexis : Practical experience in the job market.
Alexis : You know, test the waters.
UNK: Well, yeah, not exactly what I was thinking...
UNK: KISSING
Alexis : Thank you!
MARTHA : Blow wind, thunder, fire, are my daughters...
Castle : Daughters. That's why King Lear went mad.
UNK: WIND WHOOSHING CELL PHONE RINGING
UNK: Yes, hello?
CASTLE : Your timing was perfect.
Castle : My mother was teaching three acting classes today, in my living room.
UNK: Kate Beckett : Wait a minute. What about her studio?
UNK: Flooded.
Castle : They were doing the storm from King Lear,
UNK: and things got out of hand.
Castle : Remind me to check my insurance.
Beckett : Hey, Lanie. What've you got?
UNK: Lanie Parish : This is Laura Cambridge, 28.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Traffic found her in the passenger seat of the car.
Beckett : Cause of death?
Lanie : She was strangled between the hours of 8 : 00 and 10 : 00 last night.
Lanie : This bruising here indicates a choke hold.
Lanie : He probably grabbed her from behind
Lanie : with enough force to crush her hyoid bone.
Castle : He? So there was a witness?
Lanie : No, but to kill her in one swift move like that,
Lanie : perp had to be taller and heavier than the victim.
Lanie : No signs of sexual assault, though.
Castle : Was she strangled in the car?
Lanie : CSU didn't find any signs of any struggle.
Lanie : Looks like her body was dumped here post-mortem.
BECKETT : Whose car is i Not hers.t?
UNK: Javier Esposito : She had a non-driver ID card.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Ryan's running the plates to see if he can find the owner.
Beckett : And what about the purse?
UNK: This was tossed in the dumpster. Still has cash in it.
Beckett : Cell phone? Didn't find one.
Beckett : What girl in her 20s doesn't have a cell phone?
Castle : Maybe she's Amish.
UNK: Hey.
UNK: So I ran those plates off the sedan, and...
UNK: What?
Ryan : It's from the motor pool at City Hall.
Ryan : City Hall? Who used it last?
Ryan : Mayor Robert Weldon.
UNK: Mayor Robert Weldon : We're all still a litt le stunned to hear
UNK: Mayor Robert Weldon : that one of our cars was mixed up in this.
UNK: Trust me, we're gonna get this all sorted out.