Foreman : Patient complained of a sore throat a few weeks ago.
House : Start him on interferon.
UNK: Encephalitis makes his brain swell,
Chase : which causes symptoms that are hard to distinguish from his Alzheimer's.
Chase : With the interferon, his English should come back
Chase : and the aggression should subside.
Natalie : But you're not sure?
Chase : Unfortunately, no.
Natalie : And you're not sure if he has brain damage from being frozen?
Natalie : So best-case scenario,
UNK: I just had a glimpse into his future?
Natalie : I can't take care of him anymore.
Adams : Chances are his menial state will improve.
Adams : You could get more time with him.
Natalie : We married six months after I met him.
Natalie : A year after that, he started forgetting things.
Natalie : I've known my husband longer with his Alzheimer's than without.
Natalie : I've watched more of him disappear than I ever got to know.
Natalie : I just can't do this anymore.
House : You lose.
House : Blood work shows high levels of prolactin.
House : Add that to some peripheral red-green confusion,
House : puts my money, excuse me, your money, soon to be my money,
House : on a tumor near his pituitary.
House : Probably started growing in his early teens.
UNK: Wilson [looking At The File] : Lowering his libido and causing erectile dysfunction.
House : A year on dopamine agonists
House : and he'll be a sex-crazed creep just like the rest of us.
House : Completely fascinated by Susie Cooper.
House : I would prefer to be paid in a single $100 bill.
House : Always wanted to use one to light a cigar.
Wilson : Hooray for us. We disproved his asexuality.
Wilson : We also probably ruined his life.
House : He'll thank us. Then he'll doze off.
UNK: And then, in a couple of hours, he'll thank us again.
Wilson : It could destroy his identity.
Wilson : It's like a gay person being told they're really straight.
House : So don't tell him.
Wilson : Yeah, why bother telling a guy he has a tumor growing in his head?
Wilson : He'll notice it eventually when it starts leaking out his ears.
House : It's a slow-growing tumor.
House : He'll probably die of boredom long before that.
UNK: You always do this. You meddle and force me into impossible situations.
House : You knew the second you told me
House : about this case that I'd get involved.
House : You wanted me to meddle.
House : 'Cause no matter how much you wanted
House : to believe in this chaste romance,
House : you didn't buy it either.
Foreman : Where's that petition House's PO sent over
UNK: about him getting his ankle monitor off?
Regina : On your desk.
Foreman : You played me.
Foreman : This whole thing was about your ankle monitor.
Foreman : You weren't trying to undermine my confidence,
Foreman : you were trying to inflate it.
Foreman : You manufactured conflict with me
Foreman : so, eventually, you could let me win.
Foreman : You knew it was encephalitis,
Foreman : but you waited for me to say it,
Foreman : because then, with my ego boosted,
Foreman : you thought I'd be in the mood to take off your monitor.
Foreman : Because I'd think I could control you.
House : You're right. Take off my monitor.
House : See, the beauty of the plan
UNK: is if ii works, then you think you can control me.
House : If it fails, then you will actually
House : have proven that you can control me.
House : It's pretty genius.
House : These are your training wheels.
House : If you think you're up to this job, it's time to lose them.
House : Second half of my plan might need work.
UNK: V-fib. Two rounds at 360
Chase : without establishing a rhythm.
Adams : Wait! Dr. Foreman!
UNK: Clear.
House : He's back.