House : I sure hope this Alzheimer's drug trial
House : is worth a lot to this hospital,
House : 'cause we're wasting a crapload of time and man power
House : just to let this guy watch his mind shrivel
House : and keep his wife miserable.
Foreman : Heart attack while he was on interferon rules out encephalitis,
Foreman : but I still think I'm right about the neuro symptoms.
Chase : It's probably aseptic meningitis.
UNK: We would have seen meningeal signs.
Foreman : Given his abnormal mental status, not necessarily.
House : Dr. Foreman! Would you please reach under your chair'?
UNK: It's just wet gum under here.
Foreman : Where's the card? What card?
Foreman : I'm happy to leave if you have a better theory than aseptic meningitis.
UNK: Toxins.
UNK: If this guy went on a walkabout,
Adams : chances are he's done it before.
Foreman : Wife keeps the doors in the house locked.
UNK: There's plenty of nasty stuff to get into
House : during the middle of the night.
Foreman : We asked about toxins on the history.
Foreman : The wife said she was sure to clear the house for her husband's safety.
UNK: And I'm sure she succeeded.
House : She's a PhD in toxicology, right?
House : She's an ex-florist. Search the home for toxic plants,
House : methyl bromide, any medications.
UNK: Stop. You're not infallible.
Foreman : You were wrong about encephalitis.
House : Just before you were.
Foreman : Run CSF tests, find out what's causing the meningitis.
House : You said you weren't gonna overrule me, diagnostically.
Foreman : And you said I wouldn't be able to help it.
Foreman : Apparently, you were right about that one.
House : Fine. I'll look for toxins myself.
Adams : You can't go to their house without Foreman's permission.
UNK: Don't need it, I'm gonna talk to the toxicology PhD upstairs.
House : What about gifts from South America?
House : Anyone send any fruits or vegetables?
Natalie : I don't think so... No.
House : I'm gonna need your boyfriend to collect samples of plants
House : in and around your house. Toxins are the most...
UNK: Natalie [surprised] : Wait. You understand him? What's he saying?
House : He's repeating "blue shack."
House : You know what that is?
House : Is it somewhere where pesticides may be kept?
Natalie : It's where we had our first date.
House : Do you have a cleaning lady who might bring her own supplies?
Park : What's he saying?
House : If it's not relevant to the case, I don't care, and neither should you.
UNK: Please.
Natalie : This might be the last time I ever know what he's thinking.
UNK: "When I saw her waiting...
UNK: "Waiting for me at the table...
UNK: "The way her eyes looked when she smiled...
UNK: "I felt like crying.
UNK: "I knew she was the woman I wanted to marry.
UNK: "And every time I see her, I say...
UNK: "There she is." "There she is."
Natalie : He's still in there.
UNK: Natalie [turning To House] : What did he say?
House : He asked who you were.
House : Don't get your hopes up.
House : Have your boyfriend get me those samples.
UNK: How did you even know to look for a tumor?
Wilson : Dr. House noticed hormone levels in your blood
UNK: and consulted with me as an oncologist...
Kayla : Who cares how they found it, okay? They found it.
Kayla : Are there any side effects to the treatment?
Wilson : Some nausea, dizziness, and as the tumor shrinks,
Wilson : there will be behavioral changes.
Man : Like what?