Foreman : which makes me think it's rational in a way I'm not privy to.
Foreman : He always has a plan.
Chase : And he's always self-destructive.
Chase : He may just be shooting himself in the ankle.
Natalie : I know it feels strange. Dr. Chase is just looking in your throat.
Natalie : We're in the hospital. You're fine.
UNK: Chase [noticing The Trophy] : That's a pretty nice trophy there, Andres.
Natalie : He coached youth soccer.
Natalie : Took a team that was zero-and-six
Natalie : all the way to the state finals at Long Branch.
Natalie : Hey, thanks for doing this in here.
Natalie : Switching rooms can be very disorienting.
Park : You take very good care of him.
Natalie : I love him. Sickness and health, right?
Chase : Upper esophagus is clear, moving on to the GE junction.
UNK: Hi. Hey.
Park : I'm sorry, family members only during procedures.
UNK: I'll wait outside.
Natalie : Oh, no, please, it's okay.
Natalie : Joseph helps me with my husband sometimes.
Natalie : He's a good friend.
Park : Which means not family.
UNK: Chase [to Natalie] : Wait, we're gonna be here a while.
UNK: Chase [to Natalie] : Why don't you show Joseph where the visitor's lounge is'?
UNK: Okay.
UNK: What?
UNK: I'm surprised you didn't go into the diplomatic corps.
Park : Oh, you think they're...
UNK: No. If they're having sex,
Chase : it's probably with their genitals.
Chase : Mallory-Weiss tear. Vomiting must have torn the lining.
Wilson : You know that close to 1% of the population identifies as asexual?
UNK: We really got to get you laid.
UNK: If I have to plow that furrow myself, so be it.
UNK: I've a patient who's asexual.
House : Is she a giant pool of algae?
Wilson : It's a valid sexual orientation,
Wilson : according to this article, at least.
Wilson : She's perfectly fine-looking.
UNK: Happily married for 10 years.
House : To a guy who loves penis enough for both of them.
Wilson : He's asexual, too.
Wilson : Ran a complete physical on her.
Wilson : Nothing wrong except a common bladder infection.
UNK: Hundred bucks says I can find a medical reason
House : why she doesn't want to have sex.
Wilson : You're out of your mind if you think
Wilson : I'm letting you anywhere near my patient.
House : Fine, I won't go near her.
House : Just give me her file and any blood samples you have leftover.
Wilson : No contact whatsoever. You talk to her, the bet is void.
House : No contact. Plays to my strengths, anyway.
Foreman : Right now's not a good time, House.
House : Not for the Dean of Medicine,
UNK: but it's the perfect time if you're a member of my team.
House : Which one are you?
Foreman : What did the endoscopy show?
Chase : No signs of ulcers or blockages.
Foreman : But you found a tear just below the esophagus.
Foreman : Explains the bleeding.
Park : Doesn't explain why he vomited so hard he ripped his insides.
Adams : His liver enzymes are slightly elevated. Gallstones could...
House : No complaints of pain.
Foreman : Steatohepatitis would make his AST and ATL levels rise.
House : Are you calling his liver fat?
House : Start the patient on statins,
House : do a biopsy to confirm.
House : And knock him out, I've heard he's a wiggler.
Foreman : There's no need to put him under.
Foreman : We can confirm fatty liver with an ultrasound.