Foreman : Early onset familial Alzheimer's. Brazilian descent.
UNK: Blood chemistries showed high ammonia.
Foreman : Vomiting stopped after the ER put him on antiemetics.
Park : Any recent health issues?
Foreman : Just a sore throat a few weeks ago.
Chase : How advanced is he? Could be hyperalimentation.
Foreman : Advanced enough, but no IV feedings.
UNK: The wife shut down her floral company to stay home
Foreman : and feed him every meal he's had in the last four years.
House : Do we owe this case to your guilt
House : at having ignored your own forgetful mommy?
Foreman : My guilt over my mom is why I put up with my dad.
Foreman : You're taking this case
UNK: because we're running a Phase Two trial on an Alzheimer's drug.
House : You couldn't round up enough doddering, old guinea pigs,
UNK: so you need us to fix this little piggy?
Foreman : I'd like to sit in. Especially since you're short a team member.
House : You mean Taub? Got him in here.
UNK: He asked for personal days. His daughter's sick.
House : Isn't that the point of having a spare?
House : I denied his request
Foreman : After I'd already approved it,
Foreman : which you knew because I sent you a memo.
House : Dr. Adams, taped under your chair is an index card.
UNK: Would you read ii, please?
UNK: "Wednesday, 2 : 43 p.m.
UNK: "A black pawn will believe he's the black king
UNK: "and attempt to capture the white head of diagnostics."
UNK: It's 10 : 15 on Friday.
UNK: Damn it. \{SIGHS Look, the point is, I saw this coming.
House : Dr. Foreman and I did not always see eye to eye,
House : but he never had the power to overrule me.
House : Now that he has the power,
House : he won't be able to resist the temptation to use it.
House : With great power comes great micromanaging.
House : And great vests.
Foreman : I know you're the better diagnostician.
Foreman : I'm not gonna interfere. I'm only hereto help.
Park : Could be transient nitrogen load from a GI bleed.
Chase : Not if the vomiting's persistent.
House : Which we won't know, because the ER put him on antiemetics.
House : Take him off.
UNK: Wait. He was puking his guts out.
Foreman : We'd risk aspiration.
Foreman : I'm just disagreeing, not overruling.
House : So glad you're on board. Take him off antiemetics.
House : Do an upper endoscopy to check for bleeds.
Wilson : It could be a bladder infection.
Wilson : We'll run a pregnancy test.
Kayla : I'm not pregnant.
Wilson : Any type of birth control can fail.
Kayla : Not mine.
Wilson : Oh, I'm sorry. You said you were married?
Kayla : Yeah. Happily...
UNK: It's okay. Sex can wane in any marriage over time.
Andres : No, no. We've never had sex.
UNK: We kiss and cuddle, but neither one of us is interested in sex.
UNK: Wilson [covering Surprise] : You're both celibate?
Kayla : No, neither of us.
Kayla : Celibacy is a choice. This is our orientation.
Kayla : We're asexual.
UNK: Wilson [looking Down At His File, Embarrassed] : Not quite sure what box to check here.
Chase : If I had the power to veto him,
Chase : given all the crap I've put up with over the years,
UNK: I don't know if I could use it objectively.
Foreman : I do.
Foreman : I can. I have.
UNK: It might be easier if you'd stay out of the room.
Foreman : I thought it'd be different. This week.
UNK: I'm supposed to talk to his PO about getting his ankle monitor off early.
Chase : You're saying he should defer to you?
Foreman : No. I'm just saying what he's doing doesn't seem rational,