UNK: Mr. Laffont : Am I boring you?
Foreman : No, I just, those flowers are from last week.
Foreman : They should be dead by now.
House : Excuse me?
UNK: Foreman [figuring Something Out] : Sorry, I have to go.
Foreman : It's Reye's Syndrome.
Foreman : Patient had a sore throat a few weeks ago before he was admitted.
House : Reye's in adults is a reach.
Foreman : Not if he took aspirin.
House : Aspirin in adults is a reach.
House : Especially in a house with locked medicine cabinets.
UNK: It wasn't in the medicine cabinet.
UNK: The wife used to run a floral company,
Foreman : still does a few orders from home.
Foreman : She uses crushed aspirin in the water
Foreman : to make the flowers last longer.
House : So the husband has a sore throat,
House : takes an aspirin without her knowing,
House : realizes he's got a sore throat, takes an aspirin,
House : realizes he's got a sore throat...
UNK: You can stop me whenever you like.
House : Have Chase start him on steroids.
UNK: I already did.
House : Then why are you telling me?
UNK: Because I wanted you to hear it from me.
UNK: Andres [smiling] : There she is.
Natalie : Here I am.
Andres : Your eye. What happened?
Natalie : It's nothing I can't handle.
Wilson : MRI confirmed macroprolactinoma.
Wilson : He's doing the treatment
House : And the wife?
Natalie : Come on. We saved a man's life,
House : course-corrected two people's wildly screwed up worldviews.
House : Not bad for a day's work.
Wilson : I think they were happy, even if it was based on lies.
UNK: House [putting The Cigar In His Mouth] : Most happiness is.
UNK: Better to have shtupped and lost
UNK: than never to have shtupped at all.
Wilson : We can't smoke in here.
House : We also can't summon people into the clinic based on a lie
House : motivated by a petty bet, and yet it happens.
House : It's an imperfect world.
UNK: Well?
Wilson : Disgustingly satisfying.
UNK: House [pointing At Wilson] : He said it was okay.
UNK: Uniformed Man : Is one of you Dr. House?
UNK: House [turning To Wilson] : You've seen Spartacus, right?
UNK: Uniformed Man : I got an order here to deactivate and remove his ankle monitor.
UNK: Robbie?
UNK: Hey, sis.
UNK: Dr. Banerjee : I know.
Chase : I thought of you on Mom's birthday.
House : Yeah, yeah. Fine. I just...
Chase : wanted to see how you were.
UNK: Foreman [barely Looking At House] : Bikes go faster without training wheels.
Foreman : Now get out, I have work to do.
UNK: Whoops.