Foreman : No midline shifts, no bleeds, clots, infarcts.
UNK: I don't see any edema, either.
Chase : So what do we do now?
Cameron : An LP.
Cameron : Even if it's not an STD, a fever points toward some sort of infection.
Chase : I'm not sure we can do an LP on a guy his size.
UNK: What?
Chase : You have to be able to palpate the spine to know where to go.
Cameron : We could use fluoroscopy to guide us.
Chase : He still wouldn't be able to bring his knees up and bend forward
UNK: in order to open the space between...
UNK: GRUNTING
UNK: SCREAMING
UNK: George, it's all right, you're in a hospital!
Foreman : Calm down, man, calm down!
Foreman : Get him out already! I'm trying!
UNK: Fireman4 : Come on!
UNK: GEORGE SCREAMING
UNK: We're gonna get you out!
CAMERON : We still have no idea why he was in the coma to begin with.
Foreman : Or why he woke up.
CHASE : It was probably just some sort of head trauma
Chase : and we missed the swelling
Chase : because, well, his head's already swollen.
House : Bump on the noggin doesn't explain the fever.
Cameron : An infection made worse by the steroids we gave him for pickwick's does.
Chase : He's not worse, he's better.
Cuddy : We just replaced the last MRI you broke.
House : Referring to the fund-raising funbags by the royal "we" now?
Cuddy : Let me explain cause and effect to you.
House : I specifically told them to skip the boring testing part
House : and jump right to the dangerous treatment.
Cuddy : You blow stuff up, makes my life miserable,
Cuddy : makes me need to make your life miserable.
Cameron : He's telling the truth.
House : Kids these days, got no respect for other people's property.
Cameron : Repairmen cost less than lawyers.
Cameron : Morbid obesity is a legally defined disability,
Chase : which means if we'd denied access to the MRI,
Cameron : he could have sued us for discrimination as well as malpractice.
Cuddy : This was your idea?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Looks like Cameron's gonna be having a lot more ideas in future.
House : Who knew that being bloated and bitchy could actually come in handy?
Cameron : Shut up. What if it is hormones?
Cameron : It's not hormones.
Foreman : I'm talking about George.
Foreman : Acute adrenal insufficiency could cause a temporary coma.
Chase : A glandular problem would cause his temperature to be low, not high.
Foreman : Maybe the fever's not related.
UNK: If it's not related, there's nothing to talk about.
Cameron : We should do an ACTH stimulation test
Foreman : and check his skin for acanthosis nigricans.
Cameron : Or the fever is related and so are the prostitutes.
Cameron : We should do a full STD panel and check his genitals for chancres.
CHASE : We should do nothing.
Chase : Just keep him a couple of days for observation.
Chase : If he doesn't get any worse,
Chase : it was probably just a hematoma that dissipated on its own.
House : Or we do all of the above.
House : You check his belly for patches.
House : You check underneath for sores.
UNK: And you just sit on your ass.
Foreman : Acanthosis nigricans is a hyperpigmentation of the skin,
Foreman : usually indicates some sort of hormonal imbalance.