House : While following my every move is flattering,
House : a single rose on my doorstep each morning would be more enticing.
Tritter : Just bringing your boss up to speed,
Tritter : which I guess you didn't feel was necessary.
UNK: You gonna add that to my list of charges?
Tritter : People who are innocent tend not to try to hide their arrest.
House : Is that based on your years of experience arresting innocent people?
House : The way you're going at that gum,
House : it's obviously not having the desired effect.
House : You're the addict. You're gonna be back on the butts in a month.
House : You're just taking out your frustration on me 'cause my meds actually work.
House : Why don't you quit while you're ahead.
House : Before you end up as a security guard
House : working the night shift at some strip mall.
Tritter : I think working around a bunch of nurses
Tritter : has given you a false sense of your ability to intimidate.
UNK: Who was that?
House : Apparently Cuddy's widened her sperm donor search
House : to include Neanderthals.
Foreman : Cuddy's looking for a sperm donor?
UNK: It was a joke. Like Cuddy would ever want a kid.
House : Or a kid would ever want Cuddy.
House : Hello, that's why it's funny!
House : Why are you guys here?
Foreman : It's not pickwick's.
Foreman : Intubation and steroids have had no effect.
Foreman : Except maybe to cause whatever it is to get worse.
Foreman : He's got a fever now.
House : What'd you find out?
Cameron : That you and George have the same taste in home furnishings and women.
House : Danish Modern and Russian gymnasts?
Cameron : Pianos and prostitutes.
Cameron : We should do an LP and look for neurosyphilis.
House : It's not syphilis. How do you know?
House : Because you get STDs from people you trust,
House : people you don't feel the need to protect yourself from.
House : Whatever he has is connected to his gut, not what's below it.
House : MRI his brain, look for clots.
Foreman : Weight limit on the MRI machine is 450 pounds.
House : So do a CT.
Foreman : Limit's 350.
House : Then just start treatment.
UNK: If we give him blood thinners and the coma's caused
Foreman : by a bleed instead of a clot, we could kill him.
House : Either start treatment or start building a stronger MRI.
House : Whatever you do, do it fast.
House : The longer he stays in the coma,
House : the less likely it is he'll ever wake up.
Foreman : There's no way.
Cameron : His head's the only part that we have to get in the machine.
UNK: If we can just get him on the table...
Foreman : We get him on the table, we break the table.
Foreman : We break the table,
Foreman : hospital's out a million dollars and we're out of our jobs.
Cameron : The weight limit's obviously just an estimation.
UNK: It's not like if it can hold 450 pounds fine,
UNK: it'll instantly collapse under 451.
UNK: He's not one pound over, he's 150 pounds over.
Cameron : I don't care!
Cameron : He still deserves the same standard of care as anyone else.
UNK: Then you believe the machine will stand on principle.
UNK: You guys gonna help or not?
Vagrant : How much does this guy weigh?
UNK: 440.
Brenda : Looks like a lot more than that.
Cameron : It's 'cause he's lying down.
Cameron : You guys ready? One, two, three.
UNK: ALL GRUNTING
UNK: TABLE CREAKING
UNK: Here. What's this?
Cuddy : I made some calls for you.
Cuddy : The guy's the best criminal attorney in Princeton.
House : Thanks, but I don't need it.
House : I assume you told Inspector Clouseau
House : that I have a valid prescription for the Vicodin.
Cuddy : Yeah, and I assume you did as well. Did it make a difference?
Cuddy : The guy's pissed!
Cuddy : And with the DEA now treating pain doctors like Colombian...
House : I'm not a pain doctor, I'm a pain patient.
Cuddy : Tell it to your lawyer.