Foreman : What's going on?
House : Get X-rays of his hands. Then bronc him, do a sputum cytology
House : and check his CSF for anti-hu antibodies.
UNK: How are we gonna get him to do all that,
Cameron : we can't even get him to drink a bottle of sugar water?
House : Tell him that lung cancer is in no way connected to obesity.
Foreman : You don't think he'll realize we're lying?
House : You're not. Lung cancer's got nothing to do with obesity.
Foreman : I meant about him having lung cancer.
House : You didn't notice his fingers?
Foreman : I noticed they were fat.
UNK: You should have pissed him off,
House : he would have grabbed you.
UNK: Then you would have felt the bones,
House : they're not just fat, they're clubbed.
UNK: George,
Cameron : it's me.
Cameron : Your tests were positive.
Cameron : You have a small cell lung carcinoma.
UNK: It caused a paraneoplastic neurologic syndrome,
Cameron : which in turn caused your blindness and coma.
Cameron : The cancer's metastasized to your lymph nodes.
Cameron : It's inoperable,
Cameron : but there are radiation treatments available.
Cameron : They might give you a few more months.
George : I never smoked.
UNK: SIGHS
CAMERON : You were right.
House : So was he.
House : He's a complicated man.
Cameron : What about you?
UNK: What are you gonna do about your problem?
UNK: Nothing. Just got a call from my lawyer.
House : He gave the DA copies of my prescriptions.
House : Soon as they confirm they're bona fides,
UNK: they're gonna drop the possession, DUI and resisting arrest.
House : Soon as I pay my $85 speeding ticket
UNK: and the impound fine, I get my bike back.
Cameron : I guess that's good.
House : You guess? No, it's good.
Cameron : You get to keep going like you always have.
UNK: All right, I give up. Who was it?
House : Who in your family had the weight problem?
Cameron : You think I can only care about a patient
Cameron : if I know someone else who's been through the same thing?
House : You care for everybody.
House : You only lie and stand up to Cuddy for a few.
Cameron : You lie for everybody and only care about a few.
House : You're avoiding the question.
Cameron : I like damaged people, remember?
UNK: It explains everything I do.
House : Almost everything.
UNK: It wasn't you, was it?
Cameron : Does it matter?
House : Nope, but it'd be interesting.
Cameron : Sorry to disappoint you,
UNK: but sometimes the answers just aren't that simple.
Wilson : I know he can be a real ass,
Wilson : and he has no problem lying when it serves him,
Wilson : but he's not lying about the pain.
Wilson : He needs the medication, which is why I prescribed it.
Wilson : All of it.
Tritter : Well, I see a lot of cases
Tritter : where people who have real injuries end up getting addicted.
UNK: And then, well, things kind of spiral out of control.
Tritter : And lives get ruined, and not just their own.
Wilson : I don't know what else to tell you.
Tritter : What about these?
Wilson : This is getting...
Wilson : If it's got my name on it, it's a legit scrip.
Tritter : You sure? Yeah.
Tritter : Because the signatures on these
Tritter : look a little different than the signatures on those.
Tritter : You look surprised.
Wilson : No, I'm just...
Wilson : I hadn't thought about it. I do sign my name differently sometimes.
Tritter : Are you sure? Yeah.
UNK: I just, I guess get bored signing it the same way.
Wilson : You know what they say about doctors' handwriting.
UNK: I'm gonna give you a moment
Tritter : to reconsider that answer.
Tritter : Because if you are, for some reason, mistaken,
Tritter : we will find out, and that will not be good for you.
UNK: Or Dr. House.
Wilson : I am sure. Absolutely.
UNK: All right.
Tritter : I guess that's it, then.
Tritter : Thank you for your help.
UNK: Okay, no problem.
UNK: DOOR OPENING
UNK: DOOR CLOSING