UNK: than running 26 miles for no reason other than to brag that I can do it.
UNK: Or to have an MRI machine break in the middle of a procedure!
Cameron : We're sorry about that.
Cameron : It was the only way to rule out a stroke or brain hemorrhage.
George : And now that you have, when can I go?
House : It's probably her mom.
House : I bet she's huge. She's from the Midwest.
UNK: Since when do you eat beets?
UNK: Since I was five.
Wilson : And who are we talking about? You know, just in case you need me
Wilson : to chime in and tell you you're a lunatic at some point?
House : Cameron. She's lying, destroying hospital equipment,
House : telling Cuddy off.
UNK: I gotta find out where she got the Fat Scratch Fever.
Wilson : Yeah, you definitely better get to the bottom of that.
Wilson : I heard Cuddy gave you the name of a lawyer.
House : Or it could just be pity. She feels guilty about being born beautiful.
House : So she overcompensates by being nice to ugly people.
House : Would explain why she gets along so well with you.
Wilson : From what I hear, the patient reminds her of you, not me.
Wilson : Call the lawyer.
House : Cameron sees a clump of dirt and she thinks of me.
Wilson : Or a lump of something else. You're a lunatic. Call the lawyer.
Wilson : Very mature. You started it.
Foreman : Skin exam and ACTH stimulation test were both normal.
Foreman : He has nystagmus but it's congenital.
Foreman : No way it's related to the coma.
UNK: You say, "No way," I say... Yeah, no way.
Cameron : Blood and urine were negative for chlamydia, herpes, and syphilis.
Brenda : Looks like we got ourselves a mystery.
Foreman : Not for long. He wants to be discharged.
House : Oh, sure. Places to go, people to eat.
UNK: He insists his chance of dying
UNK: from a hospital-acquired infection
Cameron : is greater than him dying from whatever caused his coma.
House : Did you tell him that statistics also say that he's a big, fat idiot?
Foreman : Yeah, I did. He's not backing down.
Cameron : He says if we don't discharge him, he'll leave AMA.
Wilson : Selectively rational, stubborn, uncooperative,
Wilson : maybe you ought to check his leg.
UNK: FORCED LAUGHTER
UNK: Do you see what he did there? The patient's like me.
House : The patient's three mes.
House : If I were him...
House : Maybe it's not such a mystery after all.
UNK: EXHALES
House : Enjoying your Salisbury steak?
George : Putting chopped parsley in a hamburger
George : does not a Salisbury steak make.
UNK: You must be Dr. House.
House : And you must be full of baloney. A lot of it.
George : Right. Fat joke. Always fun.
UNK: The only people you can still make fun of.
House : And Christians. Oh, and black people.
House : No one in their right mind comes out of a coma
House : and immediately asks to go home with an unknown condition,
House : which means that either you're not in your right mind
House : or it's not an unknown condition.
House : So, what is it? You tried to off yourself?
George : You figure I'm fat, therefore I hate myself.
UNK: Yeah, that's a huge leap of logic.
George : I don't wanna die. I just don't wanna be here.
House : Then it's a condition you've already had diagnosed,
House : or it's something you know you've inherited.
House : Let's see, your stomach has deep-seated feelings
House : of abandonment written all over it,
House : which points toward sexual abuse.
UNK: While a fear of hospitals, that points to a more specific traumatic event.
UNK: So I'm gonna say, your mom in the hospital with a candlestick.
House : And by candlestick, of course, I mean inherited OTC deficiency.
George : My parents are both alive and well and living in Boca Raton.
House : Thyrotoxic periodic paralysis?
George : I have no idea what that is.
UNK: Leukoencephalopathy. Will you stop!
George : If I knew what was wrong, I would tell you.
George : I'm not an imbecile, and I'm not miserable.