Adam : She's on her knees screaming, "No, please, God, no!"
UNK: I freaked out and we took his clothes and I just ran.
Beckett : Julia? You mean Goldstein's assistant?
Adam : He was in love with her.
Castle : Had they been seeing each other a long time?
Adam : No. No, Dan just kissed her once a couple weeks ago out at a bar.
UNK: But she wasn't interested in him.
Beckett : So you were involved with her?
UNK: Not really involved.
Adam : But, Dan caught us fooling around in my office
Adam : late one night last week.
Beckett : And you couldn't think of a better way of settling this
Beckett : other than a duel?
Adam : We just thought it'd be funny.
UNK: And Danny swore that we couldn't get hurt.
Castle : Shooting at each other?
Adam : He ran all these complex equations. He said, said that at 40 paces,
Adam : there was no chance that we could actually hit each other.
Adam : Something about 18th Century guns having no rifling in the barrel.
Castle : So if you couldn't kill each other, what was the point of the duel?
Adam : To impress Julia.
Adam : She would never get serious with geeks like us.
UNK: But we figured that maybe if she saw us duel over her, then...
UNK: Maybe that one of us could...
Ryan : Julia confirmed that she was the only other person present at the duel.
Ryan : No one else knew.
UNK: All right, let her go.
Beckett : How do you point the gun at someone and shoot
Beckett : and not expect to kill them?
Castle : Well, they were blinded by the romance of it all.
Castle : And Goldstein did the math.
Beckett : Well, between this and the Lower Tide Fund,
UNK: maybe he's not such a genius.
Castle : Maybe he's just unlucky.
Beckett : Well, then I've got a problem
Beckett : because I have to make a recommendation to the DA
Beckett : between murder and manslaughter.
Beckett : The difference being life in prison or just a couple of years.
Beckett : I mean, are antique guns really so inaccurate?
Castle : Only one way to find out.
Uniform : That's your target! That's my target! Shoot your target!
Castle : Manslaughter, it is.
UNK: Yeah.
Alexis : Hey, Dad.
Castle : Hey! There's my girl.
Castle : Come here. Come here.
Castle : Sorry, hang on.