UNK: There. There you go.
Castle : Hey, about last night...
Castle : - It was unexpected. - Yeah.
Castle : I'm sorry.
Alexis : I'm sorry, too.
Alexis : I should have told you Ashley was a boy.
UNK: Oh, why spoil the surprise?
Alexis : So, I have a question for you. But it's a little embarrassing.
UNK: Ooh!
UNK: - I love when you embarrass yourself. - Dad.
UNK: Well, hey, listen. You can ask me whatever you want.
Castle : And I promise I'll do my best
Castle : to make it as un-embarrassing as possible.
Alexis : How do you know when you're in love?
Alexis : I know it's an emotion, a feeling, and you can't exactly define.
Alexis : Like, technically, how you know when you're feeling it,
Alexis : but since I've never felt it before,
Alexis : how do I know what I'm feeling is even it at all?
Alexis : Except, of course, for the fact that
Alexis : I'm feeling all these things I've never felt before.
UNK: Like in my stomach and my throat and even kind of in my ears.
Alexis : I mean, which just has to mean that it's love, right?
Alexis : Considering I only feel them when I'm with Ashley
Alexis : or thinking about him?
UNK: I mean, that's gotta be love, right?
Alexis : 'Cause I'm feeling all these things I've read about in poems
Alexis : and heard about in songs but never completely understood.
Alexis : But now I do!
Beckett : I understand, and I'm listening to all this music
Alexis : and reading all this poetry in a completely new and glorious light,
Alexis : which I just think has to mean that it's love. What do you think?
Alexis : I can't stop thinking about him, Daddy. I don't even want to
UNK: because he's just the greatest, sweetest, most adorable guy
Alexis : and his nose crinkles when he laughs and I'm just so happy.
Alexis : Thanks, Dad. I love you.
Alexis : I feel so much better now.
UNK: I'm glad we had that talk.
UNK: Beckett.
Alexis : How do you know when you're in love?
Beckett : All the songs make sense.
Beckett : Adam Murphy didn't kill Goldstein.
Castle : But he confessed.
Beckett : And I believe that he believes he did it. But he didn't.
Castle : Do tell.
Beckett : It bothered me that we couldn't hit the target at the shooting range.
Beckett : And so I ran ballistics on the dueling pistols.
Beckett : The bullet that hit Daniel Goldstein didn't match either one of them.
Beckett : Adam couldn't have killed him.
UNK: You're talking full-on, grassy knoll, conspiracy theory?
Beckett : Not theory. Fact.
Beckett : There was a third shooter and that's our killer.
Ryan : Hey, Beckett!
Beckett : Did you find Adam Murphy's bullet?
Abe : Lead ball.
UNK: Yup! He didn't kill Goldstein, but he did kill Squirrelstein.
Ryan : What are the odds, huh?
UNK: Oh, no! They took his clothes, too!
Beckett : Could you?
UNK: Aw! - Yeah, I know. I'm sorry.
UNK: Okay, so we know that Goldstein was standing right over here.
Castle : Facing Adam, who's right over there.
UNK: Right.
Beckett : And if our killer wanted to shoot him without either of them seeing him,
Beckett : he would be standing right over...
Beckett : There, by that clump of trees.
UNK: Detective, I've got clothing fibers.
Beckett : This thread look familiar?
Castle : Oh, I'd recognize that burgundy velvet anywhere.
UNK: Kind of says "steampunk," doesn't it?
Castle : Matter of fact, I think I know the murder weapon.
UNK: Castle.
UNK: Couldn't stay away, huh? Can I get you guys something?
Beckett : Sure, Troy.
Beckett : We're looking for a shooter.
Castle : Actually, I think we already found one.
Castle : Nice uniform, by the way.