Castle : I have delicately placed one graham cracker,
Castle : exactly six marshmallows
Castle : atop a perfectly melted chocolate bar.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : In an omelet, darling? Really?
Castle : Not an omelet.
Castle : - A s'more-let. - Uh-huh.
Castle : - Care for one? - No, thank you!
Castle : What about you, sweetheart?
Castle : Are you ready for your taste buds
Castle : to be launched into breakfast nirvana?
UNK: Sure, thanks. Is it okay if my friend Ashley comes over tonight?
UNK: Yes, of course. Now eat.
Alexis : - Are there marshmallows in this? - Yes.
Alexis : - And chocolate? - Yes.
Castle : That's the point. It's a s'more-let.
UNK: Uh.
Alexis : I gotta go. Love you! Love you!
Martha : Bye, honey.
UNK: Mmm!
Castle : This is almost as good as my chocolate mousse chimichanga.
UNK: Ah-ha! I knew you'd reconsider! It's kind of like David Hasselhoff.
Castle : At first you're repulsed, but then strangely, you're drawn in.
Alexis : No, still repulsed. Bye!
Castle : What's up with Alexis? She seems a little out of it.
Martha : Isn't it obvious?
Castle : - What? - Oh, she's in love.
UNK: Alexis?
Martha : Oh, come on, darling.
Martha : In case you haven't noticed, she's not a little girl anymore.
Castle : Thank you, Mother. I think if Alexis were in love, she would've told me.
UNK: Uh-uh. The fact that she hasn't told you, is how we know it's real.
Castle : - Mother? - Okay.
UNK: And the fact that she mentioned it to me last night.
UNK: Who is he? Where did she meet him?
Martha : I don't know! She wouldn't say.
Martha : No! Diva's honor, she didn't tell me anything.
Martha : She didn't even tell me his name.
Castle : I can't believe she told you and not me.
Castle : I'm supposed to be her go-to guy.
Martha : Oh, darling! Of course, you are! It's just, you know, it's first love.
Martha : It's magical, ethereal.
Martha : It defies logic.
UNK: - Richard, your phone? - Mmm.
UNK: Uh! Beckett.
Martha : Maybe it's a nice murder, darling. Brighten your day.
Martha : Good boy.
UNK: Castle.
Castle : When Alexis took her first steps,
Castle : I was there to catch her when she fell.
Castle : The first time she rode her bike without training wheels,
Castle : I was the maniac chasing her down the street,
Castle : screaming for her to watch out for the old lady with the walker.
Castle : Even her first word...
UNK: Let me guess? "Daddy"?
UNK: - No, it was "denouement." - Oh.
Castle : I stressed story structure from an early age. Anyway...
UNK: I'm afraid that this is the beginning of the end
Castle : of our special thing.
Beckett : You know, I wouldn't worry, Castle.
Beckett : I mean, I've seen the way that she looks at you.
Beckett : Your real problem is that girls who adore their daddies,
Beckett : usually end up marrying guys just like them.
Castle : - They do? - Dr. Parish!
Beckett : Good morning. Got an ID?
Lanie : Not yet.
Lanie : How come you guys never bring me coffee?
Lanie : I'm here before you, doing all the work.
Castle : You can have the rest of mine.
Lanie : Actually, I don't drink coffee,
Lanie : but would it kill you to bring me a bear claw?
Beckett : Speaking of killing...
Lanie : Single GSW to the chest.
UNK: Large caliber. Probably a.45.
Lanie : Lividity suggests time of death around midnight.
UNK: Hey.
Castle : I have those boxers. Thomas Nash.
Castle : Very pricey British brand. Amazingly soft.
UNK: They're silk.
Castle : Just saying, he was probably very comfortable
UNK: when he was shot and killed.
Beckett : So what was this guy doing out here practically naked at midnight?
Lanie : Don't bother with any of your perverted theories, Castle.
Lanie : I found fibers in the bullet hole.
Beckett : Which means he was wearing clothes when he was shot.
Castle : That doesn't make any sense.
Castle : The killer shot him, and then hung around
Castle : to take his bloody clothes off him?
Beckett : Well, maybe the killer was worried
Beckett : that there was forensic evidence on the clothes that would connect them.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Yo, Uni found this wallet out in a garbage can near Fifth.
Ryan : Photo on the license matches Captain Underpants here.
Ryan : Sorry, my nephew loves those books.
Beckett : Daniel Goldstein, 25.
Beckett : Lives in SoHo.
Esposito : Yeah, he's also got a work ID for Berman Rose down on Wall Street.
Castle : So he lived downtown and he worked downtown.
Castle : What was he doing way up here?