Castle : - Who dares besmirch... - God! Don't shoot!
UNK: ...my honor... It's okay, Ashley.
Alexis : He's not going to shoot you. What the heck, Dad?
Castle : I might be asking you the same...
Castle : Ashley? This is Ashley?
Alexis : Ash, this is my dad, Rick.
Alexis : And I have no idea why he's waving a gun.
Ashley : So nice to meet you, Mr. Castle.
Castle : You too, Ashley.
Castle : And I have a perfectly good reason why I'm waving a gun.
Ryan : Excuse us.
Alexis : Explain yourself.
Castle : I got this gun for research for a case.
Castle : Which you might know if you had checked in with me today.
Alexis : What's that supposed to mean?
UNK: Let's just say one of us has nothing to hide.
Castle : Perhaps you'd like to explain yourself?
Alexis : What? That I was kissing a boy? Is that a problem?
Castle : You tell me.
Alexis : Dad, the only reason I invited Ashley over tonight
UNK: was so you could meet him.
Castle : Yes, well me meeting Ashley
Castle : has smeared the lip gloss all over your face.
Epsosito : I really should be going.
Alexis : You can stay, Ashley.
Castle : Oh, the gun.
Castle : My bad.
Castle : Please, Ashley, stay.
Castle : - You can check out the gun. - No, thanks.
Alexis : Call me later?
Ashley : Yeah. If it's okay with your gun?
UNK: Dad.
Castle : Yeah, it's okay with me.
Martha : Thank you.
Ashley : And I just want you to know how much I respect Alexis.
Ashley : I mean, you don't have to worry about issues of respect.
Ashley : She's probably the most respectable person I know.
Ashley : And I respect you, too.
Castle : It's good to know that.
Martha : Thank you.
Castle : I like him.
Castle : He's respectful.
Beckett : Got it. Thanks.
Castle : - Hey. - Hey.
UNK: So, lvan Podofski's antique gun collection all cleared ballistics.
Castle : Well, at least some guy in Ballistics had fun firing them off.
Beckett : I also checked with Goldstein's sister and coworkers.
Beckett : None of them know anything about duels or Victorian clothes
Beckett : or what Goldstein was doing on East 82nd.
Castle : Sounds like he had a secret life.
Beckett : That somehow led to a duel.
Castle : Maybe he figured someone besmirched his honor.
Castle : Maybe it was about a girl.
UNK: As a matter of fact, Alexis, her new boyfriend,
Castle : who has a girl's name, by the way,
Castle : he thought I was going to shoot him last night.
UNK: Hey. - Hey. How's Esposito?
Ryan : He's sleeping in. Mostly because he can't move.
Beckett : Did you figure out what Goldstein was doing on East 82nd?
Ryan : No, but get this. I'm going through Goldstein's car,
UNK: and I find a pile of receipts
UNK: he must've been planning to submit for reimbursement.
Ryan : On it, he wrote, "Coffee with Troy Kenworth."
Ryan : And that name kind of rings a bell.
Castle : One of the angry Lower Tide Fund investors?
Ryan : No. But his father, Charles Kenworth, was.
Ryan : Guy loses two million bucks.
Ryan : And then he loses his house, his marriage.
Ryan : And then two months ago, he killed himself.
Beckett : - Did Troy have any priors? - Yeah. More like afters.
Ryan : After his father committed suicide,
Ryan : he was charged with assault in four separate bar fights.
UNK: Revenge! Oldest motive for murder in the book.
Castle : Maybe Troy thought someone besmirched his father's honor.
Beckett : And then he forced Goldstein to settle the score.
UNK: Hey.
Montgomery : Why aren't you in there?
Castle : Beckett's doing a mothering thing.
Castle : Wanted to limit the testosterone in the room.
Beckett : But since then, Mr. Kenworth,
Beckett : you have charges pending in four assault cases.
Troy : I started drinking too much, lashed out.
Beckett : But those were just random people at bars.
Beckett : I mean, they weren't even responsible for your father's suicide.
Beckett : But Goldstein...
Beckett : He put your father in the fund that lost him all of his money.
Beckett : I could understand blaming him.
Troy : I did. But then I talked to him,
UNK: and he said that he warned Pop to diversify.
Troy : And the fact is,
Troy : Dad and Mom had been having problems for years.
Troy : When we lost the house
Troy : and I had to drop out of school, it was the last straw.
Troy : And Mom left him.
Troy : That's what pushed him over the edge.
Troy : And ever since his death,
UNK: Mom had been struggling to make payments on our apartment.
Beckett : Is that why you went to go and see Goldstein three weeks ago?
UNK: Look, I wanted to find out if any money was left in the account.
Beckett : And what did Goldstein tell you?
Troy : The truth. All the money's gone.
Beckett : That must have made you pretty angry.