Montgomery : to investors in Goldstein's failed fund, Detectives?
UNK: Nah.
Ryan : So far I've seen a lot of cool, old guns on these social media sites
Ryan : for antique gun lovers,
Ryan : but none of the owners pop in Goldstein's life.
UNK: Irwin "Quick Draw" Finkelstein.
Montgomery : Proud owner of a Remington Outlaw, made in 1875.
UNK: Now that's a great-looking gun. Check it out, Esposito.
Esposito : Yeah, that's nice.
Esposito : See, back then, they were into the artistry of it all.
Ryan : Yeah, they're like little sculptures that can kill.
Esposito : Well, this list of Lower Tide Fund investors?
Esposito : They all lost more than a million bucks a piece.
Montgomery : A million dollars?
Montgomery : If I had that kind of scratch, I'd put it in something safe.
Montgomery : Like my mattress.
Lanie : Check it out. Ivan "Yosemite Sam" Podofski.
Esposito : Wait a minute. Ivan Podofski?
UNK: Yeah. What you got?
UNK: Boom.
Montgomery : Looks like we have a winner.
Beckett : You're right. He does kind of look like Yosemite Sam.
Montgomery : On a bad hair day.
Ryan : Yeah, well, in addition to having an antique gun collection,
Ryan : Mr. Podofski here lost more than four million bucks
Ryan : in our vic's Lower Tide Fund.
Esposito : He also left this message for Goldstein
Esposito : the day the fund flat-lined.
Castle : You think he offered him a blindfold and a cigarette?
Podofski : I think some context is in order.
Podofski : I had only just lost four million dollars.
Castle : Yes, and in that context, you threatened to kill Mr. Goldstein
Castle : and then he was killed.
Beckett : Where were you last night between 11 : 00 and 1 : 00?
Podofski : Asleep in my bed.
Beckett : - And can anyone vouch for that? - Me.
Castle : Myself and I got your back, too?
Podofski : Okay. Look, I know how this appears,
UNK: but I think there is an explanation.
Beckett : Fire away.
Podofski : Several months ago, I had a consultation at Berman Rose.
Podofski : When I mentioned my guns,
Podofski : Goldstein asked if I knew
Podofski : how he could get a hold of a Sherlock Holmes gun.
UNK: So you're pointing the finger at Sir Arthur Conan Doyle?
Podofski : I'm saying that Goldstein clearly had an interest in antique guns.
Podofski : Maybe that interest got him killed.
Beckett : If you're so confident that Goldstein got mixed up with someone else,
Beckett : I'm sure you won't mind submitting your collection
UNK: for testing with Ballistics.
Podofski : These are antiques, Detective.
Beckett : Would you prefer being arrested for murder?
Ryan : Ballistics is taking possession of Podofski's guns.
UNK: They should have preliminary results by tomorrow.
Castle : They never prefer to be arrested for murder.
UNK: All right, keep at it.
UNK: Yeah.
Esposito : Yo, just got a hit from Goldstein's car from Traffic Enforcement.
Esposito : Parking ticket from last night.
Castle : - No way. - What?
Castle : - This has got to be a joke. - What are you talking about, Castle?
UNK: Goldstein drives a DeLorean.
Castle : There's no way that's a coincidence.
Beckett : The ticket was written at two in the morning. That's post-mortem.
Esposito : Car should still be there.
UNK: Yeah. East 82nd between Lex and 3rd.
Beckett : That's a few blocks from the park.
UNK: Yeah, but if you're gonna park illegally, why not park closer?
UNK: Because he was going somewhere on that block.
Esposito : Three more parking tickets in the last several months,
UNK: all on 82nd between Lex and 3rd.
Beckett : So he was going somewhere regularly on that block.
Esposito : Maybe a girlfriend?
Beckett : Unless you think that's where that time ripple is.
Castle : Could be.
Beckett : Look into it. Pick that car up.
UNK: Gotcha.
Esposito : Gotta be kidding me.
UNK: Ha!