Troy : Okay, I know what you're getting at.
Troy : But that meeting is what turned me around.
Troy : I haven't had a drink since.
Troy : Mom and I have been able to stay in our place.
Troy : I might even go back to school next semester.
UNK: All because Danny is a stand-up guy and he gave me a job.
Troy : That's where I was the night he got killed.
UNK: At Berman Rose?
UNK: No.
Beckett : What kind of a job did Danny give you?
Troy : I can't say.
Troy : Look, I had to sign a confidentiality agreement, okay?
UNK: I can be fired.
Beckett : Or you could be arrested.
Beckett : Is this job on 82nd between Lex and 3rd?
Joe : What was the exact number of pounds that Mr. Fogg bet
Joe : that he could travel around the world in 80 days?
Castle : - Twenty thousand. - Correct, sir.
Joe : Name the volcano that led to the center of the earth.
Castle : Oh! I want to say...
Beckett : NYPD. Open the damn door.
UNK: Hello!
Beckett : - Where are we? Victorian London.
Castle : When are we?
UNK: 1892.
Beckett : What is this place?
UNK: Gaslamp. A private steampunk society.
Joe : Straight ahead, is our club president, Owen Peterson.
UNK: He's on the penny-farthing.
Castle : All right then.
Castle : I love that movie.
UNK: Steampunk Member : Owen. Give us a poem.
UNK: Steampunk?
Castle : It's a subculture that embraces the simplicity and romance of the past,
UNK: and at the same time couples it with the hope and promise
UNK: and sheer super-coolness of futuristic design.
UNK: You're cloned, you say?
UNK: Owen Peterson : There are more of you?
UNK: Owen Peterson : Well, the more the merrier, to ewes all I'll be true!
Beckett : - Excuse me, Mr. Peterson. I'm... - Can I try that?
Owen : I don't know what to tell you, Detective.
Owen : We all heard about Danny yesterday.
Owen : It's hard to believe. We saw him here the night before.
Beckett : Well, the way you and your friends were yucking it up
Beckett : makes me feel like you weren't so upset.
Owen : We're just romantics, Detective.
Owen : Look at the world, don't like what we see.
Owen : So we recreate it here.
UNK: An oasis where human potential and ingenuity is limitless.
Owen : Where there's poetry and wonder and meaning, even in death.
Beckett : What time did he leave that night?
UNK: Around 11 : 30.
Castle : - Did he tell you what he was doing? - No.
Beckett : He went to the park for a duel.
Owen : What do you mean, a duel?
Castle : The kind where people shoot at each other.
Castle : They were using antique guns. Do you know anything about that?
Owen : Dueling pistols.
Castle : With lead balls with white coating.
Beckett : This has been fired recently.
Owen : They're just for show.
Beckett : Adam, stop!
UNK: Stop!
Beckett : Out of the way. Get out of the way!
UNK: I think he's going for the time machine!
Ryan : It's just a bunch of interviews,
Ryan : I don't know why you didn't take the whole day off.
Esposito : Because I'm fine!
UNK: Pardon me. Stop him!
Castle : Hey, Esposito! How's your neck?
Adam : Yeah, I shot him.
Adam : He just kind of crumpled over backwards.
Adam : But I thought he was kidding.
Adam : I jogged over, expecting him to jump up any second.
UNK: But he was just lying there, so still.
Adam : And then I saw the blood. And I hear Julia.