Ryan : Well, it's definitely Goldstein's car.
UNK: Or time machine.
Esposito : Yep. If I'm not mistaken, that's a flux capacitor in there.
Ryan : And that is the reactor core.
Ryan : Maybe Castle was right.
Ryan : Goldstein came back to the future and he got whacked, huh?
Ryan : - Why'd he keep coming here? - I don't know.
Esposito : Maybe there's something in the car that'll help.
UNK: Hope so. A lot of doors to knock on.
Esposito : Patty, I got a vic's car that needs towing.
UNK: It's at 238 East 82nd.
UNK: It's an '81 to '82 DeLorean.
UNK: New York plates, J-L-D...
Ryan : Hey, Javi!
Esposito : Let me call you back.
UNK: Excuse us, sir. I'm Detective Ryan, this is Detective Esposito.
UNK: Do you mind if we ask you a few questions?
UNK: Lord Henry : Ah! Top of the morning to you, constables!
UNK: Lord Henry : Lord Henry, at your service.
Ryan : Uh, thanks.
UNK: Do you mind telling us where you got those clothes?
UNK: Lord Henry : Not at all, dear boy.
UNK: Lord Henry : I picked them up at the haberdashery across the park.
UNK: Lord Henry : Well, gentlemen, if that is all, I shall bid you good day.
Esposito : Just a second, pal.
Esposito : You know, we think those clothes might've been involved...
UNK: Lord Henry : I said, good day!
UNK: - Sir, we need you to come down... - Good day!
UNK: Whoa, whoa! No! Hey!
UNK: Ah!
UNK: You all right, bro?
Esposito : I'm fine.
UNK: Unhand me, you rogue!
UNK: All right, thank you, Ryan.
Castle : How's Esposito?
Beckett : At home, resting.
Beckett : So, our Lord Henry's story checks out.
Beckett : Ryan found a matching ascot in a garbage can
UNK: where Henry said that he found the clothes.
Beckett : Our guy might be unstable, but he's not our killer.
Beckett : So why was Goldstein wearing this costume?
Castle : Well, it's Victorian, antique.
Castle : Kind of fits with the whole time-traveler theory,
Castle : don't you think?
Lanie : I don't know what to think, but the plot thickens.
UNK: Forensics back on the clothes?
Lanie : Between the garbage can and our homeless guy,
UNK: there was quite a list of gross-out substances,
Lanie : of which I will spare you the details,
Lanie : but I did find something interesting on the right-hand glove
Lanie : and the right sleeve of the shirt.
Lanie : Potassium nitrate and sulfur.
Beckett : Gunshot residue?
Castle : So Goldstein did not go quietly into the night. He had a gun.
Beckett : And he fired back.
UNK: Csu Tech : I got something here.
UNK: Beckett!
Beckett : Another antique.
UNK: Looks exactly like the one that killed Goldstein.
Castle : Yes, it does.