UNK: Catch the right angle, this sucker could take your head clean off,
Abe : but it's not the gun you're looking for.
Castle : Why's that?
UNK: Barrel would've had to be modified. This one's factory-fresh.
Castle : when he said he found the wallet in the grass?
Beckett : Well, the killer did take Goldstein's clothes,
UNK: so it's possible that the wallet might've fallen out
Beckett : when he left the crime scene.
Beckett : What kind of a pistol would've fired that bullet?
UNK: We usually just call 'em lead balls.
Abe : For obvious reasons.
Abe : I'd say a whole lot of 18th century flintlocks.
Abe : Too many brands to even speculate.
Abe : You'll need to find the actual pistol to match it to this lead ball.
Beckett : And how many people would own that kind of antique pistol?
Abe : Hard to say.
Abe : They're considered collectibles, so they don't have to be registered.
Castle : Making it pretty smart to kill someone with one.
Abe : Oh, yeah. Guns may be old,
UNK: but they got plenty of killing left in 'em.
Beckett : I'm afraid not.
Esposito : What? Why did he go all Hulk Hogan on me?
Castle : Well, why did the scorpion sting the frog? It's his nature.
UNK: Captain Roy Montgomery : from behind bars from now on for assaulting an officer
UNK: Captain Roy Montgomery : I'll see he gets the max, Detective.
Esposito : Thank you, Captain.
Montgomery : You know, you can take a couple days if you like? Catch some movies.
Esposito : No need, sir.
Ryan : Still no luck with the clothes.
UNK: Unis looked in every garbage can
Ryan : within a five block radius of the park.
Beckett : What is so special about these clothes
Beckett : that our killer would take them?
UNK: Maybe the killer came through the time ripple naked
Castle : and needed the clothes.
Beckett : Sadly, I don't have a better theory at this point.
UNK: So, the question is,
Beckett : what did a Wall Street number-cruncher like Goldstein
Beckett : get himself into?
Beckett : Castle and I'll go to his firm.
Beckett : You guys see if you can track down any antique gun enthusiasts
Beckett : on social media sites or local clubs.
Beckett : Maybe someone from Goldstein's life'll pop.
Ryan : You got it.
Beckett : You know, I just don't get how someone could shoot Goldstein,
Beckett : steal his clothes, and then not hang onto his wallet.
Beckett : Just doesn't make any sense.
UNK: No.
Beckett : Maybe giant moths killed him and ate his clothes.
Castle : Could be.
Beckett : Hey! Castle,
Beckett : if this case is boring for you, you don't have to stay.
Castle : No, I'm just checking my e-mail and my texts to see if Alexis called.
Castle : I can't believe she told my mother she's in love
Castle : and is holding out on me.
Alexis : - Oh. - I'm gonna call her.
UNK: No, no. You have to let her tell you in her own time when she's ready.
Castle : I'm the cool dad. Why can't she be ready?
Beckett : Wait. Listen to me. My dad tried to do the same thing when I was her age
Beckett : and I ended up dating a grunge rocker who smelled like wet flannel
Beckett : and clove cigarettes, for seven months.
Beckett : You do not mess with a teenage girl and her hormones.
Castle : You're right.
Castle : I won't call her.
Castle : Did you say something about a giant moth?
UNK: No.
UNK: Adam Murphy : In his underwear?
UNK: Adam Murphy : Danny's been working for me for two years,
UNK: Adam Murphy : but, I just don't know what he'd have been up to in the park.
UNK: Adam Murphy : He wasn't exactly the outdoors type.
Beckett : What about antique guns, Mr. Murphy? Do you know anything about them?
Adam : Antiques? No.
Adam : No, he wasn't into guns at all.
Beckett : Well, I understand that he worked long hours.
Beckett : Do you know when he left last night?
UNK: Yeah, right around 9 : 30.
Castle : - Hey! Let me help you with that. - Thanks.
Adam : This is Julia Foster, Danny's assistant.
Adam : This is Detective Beckett and Richard Castle.
Alexis : - Hi. - Hi.
Castle : Were you here last night when Goldstein left?
Castle : Of course.
Beckett : Any idea where he was heading?
UNK: No. He just said good night.
Beckett : And what about during the day?
Beckett : Was there anything out of the ordinary?
Beckett : Any strange phone calls?
Julia : No, just the usual unhappy investor.
UNK: Although...
Castle : Although what?
Adam : The Lower Tide Fund.
Castle : What's that?
Adam : It was one of the financial products Daniel created for us.
UNK: A synthetic CDO-cubed.
UNK: English?
Adam : A really big bet that prices would return to historical norms.
Beckett : So what happened?
Julia : It tanked. Hundreds of millions of dollars were lost overnight.
Beckett : When was this?
Julia : Three months ago.
UNK: There must've been a lot of angry investors.
UNK: We fielded scores of less than complimentary messages from clients.
Julia : More like apoplectic.
Julia : And a lot of them blamed Danny.
UNK: All right, well, I'll need a copy of all of these messages
Beckett : and a list of anyone who lost their money in the fund.
Montgomery : Any luck connecting antique gun owners