House : Yeah, right.
House : He's moving it on the street, isn't he?
Ali : Yeah, my dad, the meth kingpin.
Ali : Why haven't you returned any of my calls?
House : I plan to.
House : In a couple of years.
UNK: I was just calling to say thank you,
UNK: and to tell you how impressed I was. You diagnosed my dad by just looking at him.
House : Felt his glands too.
UNK: Oh, there's my dad. I gotta go.
House : - Yeah, me too. - Oh, and
Ali : you really don't have to wait a couple years to return my calls.
Ali : Just six months.
Ali : Till I turn 18.
Chase : It's not Kawasaki's either. What's next?
House : - Congo red. - Amyloidosis?
House : What the hell else would I mean by Congo red?
Cameron : It's not on the list.
Foreman : There's no reason for it to be on the list.
House : An abnormal protein is building up inside the cells of his body,
House : shutting down his organs, one by one. Explains everything,
House : the infiltrates on the x-ray, the bone marrow, kidney failure.
Foreman : We rejected amyloidosis because it didn't fit the first symptom we found.
Foreman : - It would affect his heart. - It did.
Cameron : - It wasn't on the stress test. - We didn't push him hard enough.
UNK: Add the stain, let's find out.
Chase : Congo red added.
House : Change the polarization of the light already.
Cameron : That means it should be treatable.
UNK: - How the hell did you pull that out of - Not out of mine.
House : I had a muse.
Chase : Oh, god.
Chase : Protein type AA.
Powell : - Dr. House-- - You have amyloidosis.
House : It's in your lungs, kidneys, bone marrow, and brain.
Ezra : Why should I believe you now?
House : If I was lying,
House : I wouldn't tell you the subtype is AA.
House : It's terminal.
UNK: Congratulations.
Ezra : You got your answer.
UNK: Fresno by night.
UNK: Six months and counting.
Cuddy : Ezra Powell passed away last night.
UNK: But I'm sure you already knew about that.
UNK: Nope. I just got in.
UNK: The nurse charted at 2 : 00 AM he was stable. Breathing labored, but regular.
UNK: Then at 2 : 30, he suddenly stopped.
UNK: You know anything about that?
House : If I did,
UNK: would you really want to know?
House : I'm proud of you.
Transcript : ydy.com - Synchro : jh26 Resynced for WS.DVDRip.XviD-TOPAZ by muscatete