Cameron : He injected newborn babies with radioactive agents just to see
Cameron : - if they had urethral reflux. - He was curious.
Cameron : He didn't even tell their parents he was doing an experiment.
House : He wasn't doing anything his peers weren't doing.
Cameron : His peers at Tuskegee and Willowbrook?
House : He ignored the rights of a few to save many.
Cameron : So you're okay with what he did.
House : Doesn't matter what I think.
House : It's what you think that's relevant.
Cameron : Because if I think less of him, I'll help you more?
Cameron : You're wrong.
Cameron : The fact that a patient did bad things doesn't change anything.
Cameron : He still deserves to have some control over his own body.
House : If he had control of his own body, he'd be dead.
Cameron : Some control. We can withhold treatment without killing him.
House : No, you can't!
House : You either help him live, or you help him die. You can't have it both ways.
House : I guess it's not IPF.
UNK: Or maybe he'll die right now, and make everything easy for all of us.
Foreman : - Heart rate's fast. - BP's low.
House : No breath sounds on the right side. He's dropped his right lung.
House : Air's building up in his chest, compressing his heart.
Chase : - Heart rate's decreasing. - BP's stabilizing.
Cameron : What are you doing?
House : Withdraws from pain stimuli on the left side, but not the right.
Foreman : Those are just reflex arcs. He's under anesthesia.
House : Or he's lost sensation in some places.
Chase : Or the hypoxia from the arrest stunned his CNS.
House : Only one way to tell. Do somatosensory evoked potentials.
Foreman : We can't do that while he's in a coma.
House : Only two ways to tell. Get a hammer and check his deep tendon reflexes.
Chase : Won't work. He needs muscle relaxants to be on the ventilator.
House : Only one more way to tell. Pupillary reflexes.
Foreman : All that tests is the brainstem.
UNK: See, I was right. Only one way to tell.
UNK: Do somatosensory evoked potentials.
Foreman : I just said we can't do that while he's in a coma.
House : So wake him up.
House : Don't go towards the light.
House : You'll fall and break your hip.
Ezra : What's happening?
House : You took a little nap.
House : I know
Ezra : I told you I didn't want--
UNK: Sorry, a little deaf in one ear.
House : Your bone marrow was hypocellular.
House : Ruled out lupus and pulmonary fibrosis.
House : But it looks like it could be attacking your nerves.
Ezra : So this is all a waste.
UNK: Huge failure.