UNK: Impossible.
Ezra : You're Gregory House.
House : We need to attach some sensors to your skin.
UNK: Doctor [to The Lab Rat He's Just Plucked From A Cage.] : - No. - Look, we can't do what you want.
House : We've assigned a nurse to watch you so you can't do it either.
House : So you might as well just let us do the test.
UNK: - No, I want to be discharged. - You can't be discharged.
Chase : - You've got two chest tubes in. - Then take them out.
House : Oh, get over yourself. The ventilator puffed up your lungs.
House : You'll be fine for a few hours. Just let us run the tests.
UNK: Okay.
House : But first, let's clean you up a little.
UNK: Does that feel nice?
Foreman : - What are you trying to prove? - Just cleaning him up.
UNK: What does it look like?
House : Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain.
Cameron : Get out!
House : Okay, I'm going already.
House : Can't you see I'm a cripple?
UNK: - Okay, so you got me curious. - I was right.
House : Whatever is attacking his lungs is attacking his nerves.
Chase : You got that by splashing ice water on him?
House : No sensation in the left leg, abdomen, right arm. Technology's overrated.
Foreman : That means the clean MRI of his brain means it's just affecting
Foreman : - the peripheral nerves. - And bone marrow.
Chase : Kawasaki's would explain the kidney failure.
Foreman : - Or lymphoma. - Or sarcoidosis.
House : All potentially treatable. Question is which.
House : We need to catch the little bastards in the act.
House : - What's the largest organ? - Skin.
House : We need to get a piece.
Foreman : Sure, we'll just
Foreman : wait until he leaves his room without his skin, sneak in, and take a piece.
House : I want you to get a skin sample for a biopsy.
UNK: And I want to get a foot massage from Johnny Damon.
House : Kawasaki's disease, lymphoma, and sarcoidosis are all treatable.
UNK: And it could be 100 other things that aren't treatable. You've no idea.
House : But you do.
House : You know everything.
Cameron : - I didn't say that I-- - Exactly!
House : You can't decide if we're helping or hurting him.
House : If he's good or bad.
House : Or if you want paper, plastic, or a burlap sack.
House : Do your damn job.
Cameron : I'm not gonna lie to him.
House : Fine, tell the truth.
House : Just get me a pound of flesh.
Ezra : What do you want?
Cameron : House wants to biopsy your skin. He sent me to get it.
UNK: Ah, and you agreed.
Cameron : I had nothing to do with putting you in a coma, or any of the subsequent tests.
Ezra : Which brings us to now.
Cameron : I read some of your articles.
Ezra : There were a lot of them.
House : 1967 Massachusetts medical journal.
Cameron : You radiated babies, just like that. No forms, no questions, nothing.
Cameron : Who knows how many cancers you caused?
Nurse : I don't know.
Ezra : What I do know is we discovered techniques that
Ezra : prevent fatal kidney failures in hundreds of thousands of other kids.
Cameron : - You're not sorry. - I don't regret what I did.
Ezra : Informed consent,
Ezra : patient rights
Ezra : holds back research.
Ezra : What the hell are you doing?
Cameron : Informed consent is holding back our diagnosis.
Ezra : Good for you.
Ezra : Finally standing up for something.
Ezra : Acting on what you believe.
Powell : Dr. House?
Ali : How are you?
House : - Not as good as you think I am. - Don't worry, I'm not stalking you.
UNK: My dad just lost his medicine. He had to come back for another prescription.