Joey : You want a strong name? How about The Hulk?
UNK: I'm not sure about Hulk, but I like a name starting with "The".
UNK: You want a good name, go with Joey.
UNK: Joey's your pal, your buddy.
Joey : Where is everybody? They're hanging out with Joey!
UNK: If you're going to name him Joey, you should name him Chandler.
UNK: Chandler's funny, sophisticated, and very lovable...
Chandler : ...once you get to know him.
UNK: Joey's lovable too.
UNK: But with Joey, if you need him, he'll be there.
UNK: Chandler will be there too. He might be a little late...
UNK: ...but he'll be there. And he'll bring you cold soda...
UNK: ...if what you need him for is that you're really hot.
Joshua : What do you say?
Phoebe : I like the idea of naming him after someone I love.
UNK: [scene : Joey and Chandler are both great names.
UNK: All right, I don't
UNK: Maybe I'll just name him The Hulk.
UNK: I shouldn't have mentioned it. I wanted to name my kid that.
UNK: If you hoped to sleep with Joshua, which one would you wear?
UNK: It creeps me out choosing other people's sex clothes.
UNK: I'm sorry. I'm just so excited.
UNK: I've been waiting for months. I got my hair colored.
Rachel : I got new sheets. I'm making him a very fancy meal.
Rachel : What am I making him, by the way?
UNK: A frisee salad with goat cheese and pine nuts...
UNK: ...wild rice, roasted asparagus and salmon en croute.
Rachel : I thought I was making him filet mignon.
Monica : You decided to make salmon because you had some left over.
UNK: Then you realized if you bitched, then you would stop cooking...
UNK: ...and you would have to make your famous baked potato and Diet Coke.
Rachel : I really get crabby when I cook.
UNK: Why go through all this trouble? He's a guy.
UNK: You'd serve the potato and he'd still want to have sex with you.
UNK: That is not how I operate.
UNK: We've got to get a new game.
Ross : So Emily called last night.
UNK: And now you're giving me the message?
UNK: Turns out that Emily is just crazy about Susan.
UNK: They're going to the theater together.
UNK: They're going to dinner.
UNK: They're going horseback riding!
Phoebe : God, Susan is so fun!
UNK: Look, this is just a little too familiar.
UNK: For six months before Carol and I split up...
UNK: ...all I heard was, "My friend Susan is so smart.
UNK: My friend Susan is so funny. My friend Susan is so great."
UNK: You think something could happen between Emily and Susan?
UNK: Hey, they're going to the gym together!
Ross : Two women...
UNK: ...stretching!
UNK: They take a steam, things get playful. Didn't you see Personal Best?
UNK: No, but I'm gonna!
UNK: Hi! You're crazy.
Chandler : Emily is straight.
Ross : How do you know? We thought Carol was straight.
UNK: Yeah, definitely. I don't like the name Ross.
Ross : What a weird way to kick me when I'm down!
UNK: No, I meant for the baby.
UNK: What's wrong with Ross?
Phoebe : Something like this would never happen to The Hulk, you know.
UNK: That's not true.
UNK: In The Incredible Hulk, number 72, Dr. Bruce Banner found...
Ross : You know...
UNK: Never mind. My girlfriend's a lesbian.
UNK: I'm definitely going to go with either Joey or Chandler.
Joey : You gotta pick Joey!