UNK: Listen.
Castle : I started the book, I threw it out.
UNK: It was a... Supervillain controls the weather...
UNK: It was terrible. But it...
Castle : The research I did on catastrophic storms,
UNK: it stuck with me,
Castle : leaving me with an irrational but overpowering fear of tsunamis.
Beckett : You bought a beach house in the Hamptons.
UNK: Yes, on the inland side, not on the ocean side.
Castle : Kate, I would never camp here.
Castle : I would go for higher ground.
UNK: Castle, there was a witness.
Castle : What witness?
Man : Can I help you?
Beckett : Yeah, NYPD. I'm here to see Henry Jenkins.
Man : Well, I'm Henry Jenkins.
Beckett : I'm sorry, I was here yesterday
Beckett : and I met a different Henry Jenkins.
Castle : What do you mean? I'm Henry Jenkins.
Man : And I haven't been here in months.
UNK: We ran prints and passport. He's definitely the real Henry Jenkins.
Castle : Which means the first guy was a fake Jenkins.
Castle : Also a liar.
Esposito : But he matched the DMV photo.
Castle : That's because his photo got switched.
Castle : When we called the DMV,
Castle : they realized their system had been hacked two days ago,
Castle : right after the news broke that I'd been found.
Ryan : What about all your stuff in the tent?
Beckett : Well, it looks like it was all set up
Beckett : in order to create a false trail.
Esposito : So why don't you remember anything?
Castle : These people have managed to make it look
UNK: as though I staged my own abduction.
Castle : They hacked the DMV,
Castle : they provided a false Jenkins who pointed you to doctored evidence
Castle : that I'd gone camping.
Esposito : Whoever they are, they have unlimited resources.
Castle : Maybe the kind of resources that would
Castle : allow them to alter someone's memory.
Esposito : What about the money?
Castle : What money?
Esposito : We have you on video dropping off $10,000 in a dumpster
Esposito : after you were taken.
UNK: Yeah, I can't explain the money yet.
Castle : But I will, and fake Jenkins was part of the set-up.
Castle : So, whoever he is, he's somehow in the middle of this.
Martha : Here you go, darling.
Castle : Thank you, Mother. And let me just say,
Castle : in the immortal words of Dorothy,
UNK: "There's no place like home."
Alexis : Here's what I don't get.
Alexis : Why would someone do this to you, Dad?
Alexis : Where did you actually go for two months?
UNK: Well, those answers lie within
UNK: the vast and insidious conspiracy behind all this.
UNK: A tangled web that I fully intend to untangle.
Martha : Enough of that.
Martha : I'd like to propose a toast.
Martha : To safe returns.
UNK: And no more departures.
Castle : And to my amazing mother,
Castle : my wonderful daughter,
Castle : and the love of my life.
Beckett : And to coming home.
Beckett : We'll find out what happened.
Beckett : I know.
Castle : I was just thinking,
Castle : I feel like I just wore this yesterday.
UNK: Like we slept in this bed last night.
Castle : For you, it must seem like a lifetime ago.
Beckett : Yeah, it does.
Castle : How did you not lose hope?
Beckett : I did lose hope, you know?
Esposito : But I...
Beckett : I would get it back.
Beckett : Developed rituals in order to hang on to it.
Martha : Like what?
UNK: It's stupid. It really doesn't matter.
Castle : I'd like to know.
Beckett : I would stare at your photo on the murder board.
Beckett : And I started thinking that if I would look at it long enough every day
Beckett : that that would keep you alive.
Castle : I guess it worked.
Beckett : And then I had this thing about your chair.
Castle : My chair at the precinct?
Beckett : I wouldn't let anyone touch it.
UNK: And then a night janitor came by, tried to move the chair,
UNK: and I freaked out and I almost shot him.
UNK: Um...
Castle : I am so sorry.
UNK: For everything I put you through.
Beckett : It's not your fault, you know.
Beckett : You went through stuff, too, so...
Castle : Well, it's not the same. I can't remember.
Castle : Though I do know I missed you terribly,
Castle : 'cause there's no way I wouldn't.
Castle : We can't just pick up where we left off, can we?
Castle : As if nothing happened.
UNK: No.
Castle : We'll get there.
Castle : We'll find our way home.