UNK: Newspapers, dating back two months.
Esposito : Clothes, supplies... He has everything here.
UNK: He could've walked up to that trailer
Esposito : and made a phone call.
Esposito : He never did.
UNK: What?
Esposito : Castle's wedding tux?
Beckett : Castle's awake.
Martha : It's wonderful news.
Martha : The doctor just told me Richard will make a full recovery.
Martha : Oh! I am so relieved!
Martha : Oh. And I was right there when Richard started to wake up.
Martha : First thing he did was ask for you.
Beckett : Did he say where he had been?
Martha : We don't know what he's been through,
Martha : so perhaps that question can wait.
UNK: Hey.
UNK: Hey.
Castle : Just so you know, the doctor said
Castle : that kissing will speed my recovery.
Beckett : Kissing can wait, Castle.
UNK: Right.
Castle : Sorry. I guess I put a little kink in our wedding plans.
UNK: Yeah, is that supposed to be a joke?
Castle : What do you mean?
Beckett : I mean, tell me what happened.
Castle : I was on my way to the wedding, and this black SUV...
Beckett : No, no, after that.
Alexis : After the accident? Yes, after the accident.
Castle : I was here.
Beckett : No, before here, Castle.
Beckett : You were found in a boat at sea.
Beckett : A boat that you apparently stole.
Castle : What are you talking about?
Beckett : A boat...
Castle : No, I was in a crash with a black SUV, and then I woke up here.
Beckett : No, tell me what happened in between.
Castle : Nothing! I mean, I don't... I don't know.
Castle : I was unconscious.
Beckett : So the black SUV and waking up here, that's all you remember?
UNK: Right, yes. Why?
Beckett : You've been missing for two months.
Beckett : What do you think is going on with him?
UNK: Dr. Cynthia Swann : Well, Mr. Castle shows no sign of
UNK: a psychosis or break with reality.
UNK: Dr. Cynthia Swann : Nor does he exhibit cognitive deficits
UNK: other than his inability to recall the last two months.
UNK: So is it possible that he underwent trauma
Beckett : and he's blocking it out?
Beckett : He may have,
UNK: Dr. Swann : although I didn't see any evidence of that.
Alexis : Maybe his memory will come back
Alexis : once he's had some time to readjust.
UNK: Dr. Swann : It very well might.
Martha : Then what he needs, maybe, is to get back to his life, his routine,
Martha : the people who love him.
Martha : Can't we just take him home?
UNK: Dr. Swann : You'll have to speak with his doctors.
UNK: Dr. Mclean : Of course, of course. Oh, thank you so much.
UNK: Doctor Swann.
Beckett : What do you think is really behind all of this?
UNK: Dr. Swann : What I do is not an exact science. I wish it were.
UNK: Dr. Swann : This could still be the result of emotional trauma.
UNK: Dr. Swann : There are also drugs and drug interactions
UNK: Dr. Swann : that can trigger memory loss. But...
Esposito : But what?
UNK: Dr. Swann : I can't exclude the possibility
UNK: Dr. Swann : that Mr. Castle simply walked away from his life,
UNK: Dr. Swann : for whatever reason.
UNK: Dr. Swann : And facing that fact is just too humiliating for him.
Beckett : So you think that he could be pretending not to remember?
UNK: Dr. Swann : As I said, it's a possibility.
Castle : To say I owe you an apology seems an understatement.
Beckett : I don't want an apology, Castle. I just wanna understand.
Castle : You know me, Kate. I wouldn't just leave.
Beckett : There's evidence.
Beckett : We found the place where you were staying.
UNK: Where? What difference does it make?
UNK: Because I wanna go there.
Castle : Maybe it'll help me remember.
Castle : Whatever happens, I need answers.
Castle : And so do you.
Ryan : I don't get it.
Ryan : How could Castle just leave and go camping?
Esposito : What happened to giving him the benefit of the doubt?
Ryan : Beckett asked me to have CSU take a look at the contents of the tent.
Ryan : Javi, you were right.
Ryan : Castle's fingerprints were all over the newspapers, all his stuff.
Ryan : Hair, DNA.
Ryan : I can't explain that away.
Ryan : Not this time.
Castle : Kind of reminds me of the Hamptons or Maine.