Esposito : We'll find him.
Beckett : So, was Agent Connors able to get anything out of Duffin?
Esposito : Not a word, so he moved back to FBI HQ.
Esposito : Are those the perps you think might have made a move on Castle?
Beckett : Yeah. Starting with Senator Bracken.
Esposito : You think Bracken's behind this?
Beckett : Well, we've ruined his life and had him sent to prison.
Beckett : Taking Castle down on his way to our wedding
Beckett : would be just like him.
Beckett : Or like 3XK for that matter. Or Mickey Barbozza.
Beckett : Or any of the other dozens of people
Beckett : we've had put away over the past few years.
Beckett : I mean, it could be any of them. Or none of them.
UNK: Hey, we're gonna figure this out, okay?
Esposito : Kate, don't get lost in worst-case scenarios.
Esposito : When Alexis was taken, it tied back to Castle's dad.
Esposito : Maybe he's mixed up in this.
UNK: And if he is, he's gonna look out for his son.
UNK: Except this is shaping up to be more mob-related.
Beckett : What makes you say that?
Ryan : I ran Gary Duffin's cell records.
Ryan : Right before he crushed that SUV,
Ryan : he got a call from a Jersey mobster.
Esposito : That must be the guy who ordered Gary to squash that car,
Esposito : and why he's so scared to talk.
UNK: Who is this mobster?
Ryan : One Vincent Cardano.
UNK: Vinnie Cardano? I met him. Castle knows him.
Ryan : Was there ever a problem between them?
Beckett : Yeah. There was.
UNK: Vinny Cardano : No, there wasn't.
UNK: Vinny Cardano : Trust me, things are simpatico with me and Castle.
UNK: Vinny Cardano : Fact is, it pains my soul that Rick is missing.
UNK: Vinny Cardano : What can I do to help?
Beckett : I was there the night that you got angry with him and stormed out.
Cardano : He near accused me of murder. He impugned my integrity.
Cardano : But we made our peace ages ago over a nice bottle of Valpolicella.
Beckett : Then why did you call Gary Duffin earlier today?
Beckett : Was it to tell him to destroy a certain SUV?
UNK: What's an SUV got to do with this?
Beckett : It was involved in Castle's abduction.
Cardano : This I did not know.
Ryan : But you did have Gary crush that car?
Cardano : We're entering into a gray area here.
Beckett : You're an accessory to kidnapping.
Beckett : There's nothing gray about that.
Cardano : I'm telling you, Kate, I did not have Rick grabbed.
Beckett : Then stop playing games and tell me,
Beckett : why did you have the car crushed?
UNK: Vinnie, you said that you wanted to help him.
Beckett : This is your chance.
Cardano : Okay, listen.
Cardano : On occasion, clients might need to make a vehicle disappear.
UNK: And for 10 grand, such a thing can be handled.
Beckett : What was the name of the client?
Cardano : No names came up.
Cardano : He called me in the morning. He said the right things.
Cardano : We struck a deal.
Cardano : But I never met the man. It was all anonymous.
Ryan : Then how did you get paid?
Cardano : We used a drop.
Cardano : The client left a bag full of cash
Cardano : in a dumpster on the Lower East Side,
Cardano : right after the SUV got turned into a panini.
UNK: After?
UNK: What happens if you crush a car
Ryan : and then you don't get your money?
Cardano : That does not happen.
Beckett : Where exactly is this dumpster?
UNK: Tory Ellis : Based on what Cardano said, this is the drop point.
Esposito : Now, what are we looking at here?
Esposito : This is not street cam footage.
Tory : There's no coverage in the area.
Tory : But after a rash of break-ins,
Tory : one of the buildings installed hidden cameras,
Tory : and I was able to tap in.
Tory : This is in the time window when the drop should have taken place.
Ryan : We get eyes on Cardano's client,
Ryan : we can get a real lead on who took Castle.
Beckett : There. Go back.
Ryan : That's him, that's the client, dropping off the cash.
Esposito : I'll set up a canvass.
Esposito : Someone had to see where this guy came from or where he went.
UNK: Yeah, this is Esposito. Connect me with...
Beckett : Wait. Freeze that. Zoom in.
Ryan : It can't be.
Esposito : It is. That's Castle!
Esposito : He's the one who dropped off the cash?
Tory : Do you want me to run it again?
UNK: I need to get some air.
UNK: Yeah, Tory, one more time, please.
UNK: What are you gonna see that you didn't see before?
Ryan : Maybe we missed something. Yeah, we missed something!
Esposito : Castle's in on this. He planned the whole thing.