Ryan : Maybe it isn't really him.
Ryan : Just think about it.
Ryan : 3XK, he used a lookalike to try to frame him for murder.
Ryan : A guy with Castle's face.
UNK: No.
Beckett : No, Kevin, it wasn't just his face.
Beckett : It was his clothes. It was his movements, his body.
Beckett : It was him, on his own.
Beckett : Just hours after he was supposedly abducted.
Ryan : Beckett, this doesn't make any sense.
Ryan : He wouldn't do that. Not Castle.
Beckett : Look into Castle, okay?
Beckett : Find out what he did,
Beckett : who he talked to just before he went missing.
UNK: And brief Agent Connors.
UNK: What are you gonna do now?
UNK: I'm gonna talk to his family.
Alexis : And these images were taken after the accident?
Alexis : The car fire?
UNK: Yes.
Martha : So he's alive.
Martha : He's not being held captive by God-knows-who.
Alexis : Wait, are you saying Dad was run off the road by an SUV,
Alexis : and after that, he paid to have it crushed?
Beckett : It looks that way, yeah.
UNK: Well, that's ridiculous.
Martha : Why on earth would he do such a thing?
Beckett : Was he going through anything that I didn't know about?
Martha : Like what?
Beckett : Pressure that he was under that he kept to himself.
Alexis : Of course not. Right, Gram?
Beckett : No, no, no, no. I would have noticed.
Beckett : And what about the wedding?
Beckett : Did he have any misgivings?
UNK: Misgivings?
UNK: Katherine,
Martha : that was the farthest thing from his mind.
Martha : He couldn't wait to be married to you.
Alexis : You don't think he'd just walk away, do you?
UNK: No.
Martha : Then what's going on here?
Beckett : I don't know.
UNK: But there's gotta be another explanation.
UNK: Agent Connors : I don't think there is.
UNK: Agent Connors : The video clearly shows Castle out in the world,
UNK: Agent Connors : not under duress.
UNK: Agent Connors : It changes the dynamics of the case.
Beckett : No, this is still a kidnapping.
Beckett : That video could be a fake.
Beckett : All it shows is Castle throwing away a bag.
UNK: That could've been shot a month ago.
Beckett : It wasn't.
Connors : Our tech team analyzed the footage.
Connors : It's authentic.
Connors : Were you aware he withdrew a large sum
Connors : just before he disappeared?
Beckett : Yes, it was for our honeymoon.
UNK: Vinnie Cardano turned over the 10,000 dollars
Connors : that was left in the dumpster.
Connors : It's the same money that Castle withdrew.
Beckett : That's not possible.
Connors : That's because you're locked into your own version of events.
Connors : But, Detective, I can show you those bills,
Connors : the matching serial numbers.
Beckett : There's something else going on. There has to be.
Connors : It all lines up,
Connors : right down to the fact that Castle knew Cardano,
UNK: knew he could make cars vanish.
Beckett : So, what?
UNK: He went through this charade just to stage his own disappearance?
UNK: Why?
Connors : People are complex.
Connors : Maybe he had a breakdown.
Connors : Or a personal crisis.
UNK: And maybe there is a secret side to the man that nobody knows.
Connors : Including you.
Beckett : Look, Agent Connors,
Beckett : I know that there are a lot of unanswered questions here,
Beckett : but you cannot stop looking for him.
Connors : We'll follow every lead to the end.
Connors : But once those leads dry up, we have to scale back our investigation.
Beckett : I will find Castle.
Beckett : With or without the FBI.
Connors : You're assuming he wants to be found.
Beckett : My name is Detective Kate Beckett.
Beckett : I'm calling from the New York Homicide Division.
Beckett : ...calling to see if there was any recent activity.
UNK: ...if you had a gentleman named Richard Castle
Beckett : check into your hotel within the last 48 hours.
UNK: Castle? Yeah. He was about 6'2".
Beckett : Take a look at local airlines, gas stations, and pull traffic cams.
UNK: Traffic footage. Traffic cams. Hamptons. Past 48 hours.
UNK: Is there anything you can get me? At the Hamptons? Thank you.
UNK: News Reporter : ...Richard Castle's mysterious disappearance.
UNK: News Reporter : FBI agents left the NYPD's 12th Precinct...
UNK: Hey, Mark, can you put me in to the French consulate?
Beckett : ...calling from the United States.
UNK: I need to speak with the private jet company.
UNK: ...in regards to a Richard Castle.
Beckett : Okay, anything coming out of the Hamptons?
UNK: For the past two weeks. Okay, I'll look for it in my e-mail.
Beckett : No, I need it right away.
UNK: Coast Guard Ship : This is the United States Coast Guard.
UNK: Coast Guard Ship : Please respond if you are in distress or need assistance.
Esposito : He was found adrift 80 miles off the coast of Delaware
Esposito : by a Coast Guard Cutter that was
UNK: out there mapping the currents.
Ryan : Captain recognized who he was and had him airlifted here.
Beckett : What was he doing in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean?