Ryan : Maybe Castle managed to bail out before the car crash.
Esposito : All right, we'll start on the car.
Esposito : See if we can tell what happened and where he went.
Ryan : All right.
Taggert : Airbag went off.
Taggert : It only activates when someone's in that seat,
Taggert : so your man was definitely at the wheel.
Esposito : Yeah, but if he walked away, where is he?
Esposito : And why isn't he picking up?
Taggert : Maybe his phone's damaged, or he's disoriented.
Taggert : I've seen it before.
Taggert : But if he left this vehicle,
UNK: there's gonna be tracks or a blood trail.
Esposito : - Hello? - Hey, Javi.
Ryan : Walk to the back of Castle's car.
Esposito : What for? Just do it, okay?
Ryan : Check the passenger rear side. Tell me what you see.
Esposito : Looks like it took a hit on the right side. Busted a tail light.
UNK: That's 'cause Castle got bumped by
Ryan : another car and run off the road.
UNK: I got debris up here.
Esposito : All right, call local CSU.
Esposito : Maybe those pieces can help us ID that car.
UNK: Detective, I think I got something.
Taggert : Tracks going from the car up to the road.
Taggert : Water washed part of the trail,
Taggert : but it looks like three people.
Taggert : Three people? That can't be right.
Taggert : See the two troughs in the dirt? Yeah.
Taggert : Made by heels from a pair of shoes.
Esposito : So he was run off the road, then dragged from the car.
Esposito : Castle got grabbed.
UNK: What?
Ryan : Had Taggert set up road blocks to stop and search every vehicle.
Esposito : We figured that the car that ran Castle into the ditch
Esposito : may be the same car he's in now.
UNK: Okay, we get a description?
Esposito : Not yet, but CSU thinks the side marker glass up ahead
Esposito : came from a GM.
UNK: Local PD is canvassing to see
Esposito : if anyone saw any vehicles leaving the area.
Beckett : What about Castle's cell phone?
Esposito : His provider says it's shut off.
Ryan : Contacted the FBI to see if it can be turned on remotely.
UNK: It's a long shot, but you never know.
Beckett : What else?
Esposito : Kate, everything that can be done is being done.
Beckett : Espo, don't tell me that.
Beckett : They took him, I need to do something.
Esposito : Then tell us about that phone call you got.
Ryan : Was he nervous?
Ryan : Did he indicate in any way he was being followed?
Beckett : No. He was just...
UNK: Normal. He was normal.
Esposito : Hey, Sergeant Taggert may have a witness.
Esposito : Guy runs a fruit stand up the road.
UNK: Cal Harper : Yeah, I definitely saw a Mercedes go by
UNK: Cal Harper : around the time you're talking.
UNK: Bronze-colored.
Esposito : That's Castle's car.
Beckett : What about any cars after that?
Cal : Let's see. There was a Volkswagen Bug, a Ferrari.
Cal : An SUV.
UNK: No one's gonna run him off the road with a Bug or a Ferrari.
Beckett : Talk to me about that SUV.
Cal : It was an Escalade.
Cal : Black with tinted windows and chrome wheels.
Esposito : How is it you happen to remember it so clearly?
Cal : Because I saw it twice.
Cal : Passed heading north, then he blew by again,
UNK: maybe 10 minutes later.
Beckett : They were headed south, off of Long Island, with Castle.
Taggert : I'll put out an APB on the Escalade.
UNK: I'm gonna call State Police, have them set up checkpoints
UNK: at every road leading off of Long Island.
UNK: Getting Castle off the island may not be the plan.
Ryan : The Feds just called.
Ryan : They were able to remotely activate
Ryan : Castle's phone for a few seconds.
Beckett : Did they get a location?
UNK: Yeah, he's still on the island.
Ryan : According to his GPS,
UNK: as of 10 minutes ago he was in Medford.
Beckett : How far is Medford from here?
Taggert : Not far the way I'm gonna drive.