UNK: Gary Duffin : And what if I don't?
UNK: You were in the junkyard when that SUV came in.
Beckett : Who was in it?
Gary : You know what? I want a lawyer.
UNK: Ahh!
Beckett : You're a low-level dirtbag, Gary.
Beckett : You're not a criminal mastermind, so start talking.
UNK: Ahh!
Beckett : Who was in the car? Who had you crush it?
Beckett : Was Castle in the car?
Beckett : Was he in the car? Was he alive?
UNK: Ahh!
UNK: You're gonna break my finger!
Beckett : And then after that there's nine more.
UNK: So tell me what I wanna know.
Beckett : Start talking.
UNK: I got nothing to say.
Beckett : What? What is it?
Esposito : Forensics came back on the SUV.
Esposito : There was no blood or tissue. Castle wasn't inside.
Beckett : Okay. So he's still out there.
Beckett : Which means they crushed the car to cover their tracks.
Beckett : Okay, get CSU to sweep for DNA and prints.
Beckett : And let's move Gary Duffin to a holding cell.
Esposito : So you can do what to him?
Esposito : I was watching.
UNK: Getting booted off the force is not gonna help anything.
Beckett : Espo, he knows who took Castle.
Esposito : Well, he's never gonna give them up.
Esposito : Whoever they are, he's way more
Esposito : afraid of them than he is of you.
Beckett : Fine, we'll try another angle. For now.
UNK: Thanks.
Ryan : So, we are dead-ended on the SUV.
Ryan : Ran the VIN number, turns out that it was stolen
UNK: from a long-term parking lot near JFK
Ryan : with conveniently lousy video surveillance.
UNK: Okay, let's dig deeper
UNK: into our car crusher, Gary Duffin.
Beckett : Look into his background, his known associates.
Beckett : That might lead us to whoever took Castle.
Esposito : We're on it.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : Detective. Do you have a moment?
Beckett : Yes, sir.
Gates : How are you holding up?
Beckett : I'm fine.
Gates : I truly can't imagine what you're going through,
Gates : how you can focus at a time like this.
UNK: Uh, sir, please don't take me off of this case.
Gates : Oh, I won't. Unless you give me cause to.
Gates : You keep doing what you're doing.
Beckett : Okay, thank you.
Gates : And you should know,
UNK: we're using every resource that we have to find Mr. Castle,
Gates : including calling in the FBI.
Gates : There's a Special Agent Connors waiting to speak with you.
Beckett : Sir, with all due respect, I'm under the gun here.
Beckett : I don't have time to bring the FBI up to speed.
UNK: Special Agent Connors : I'm already up to speed, Detective. I just have a few questions.
Gates : Kate, they can help.
Connors : I understand investigating this case
Connors : puts you in a terribly difficult position.
UNK: Yeah.
Connors : But I need to talk to you about Mr. Castle.
Connors : Outside of his family, you're the one who knew him best.
Beckett : Yeah, well, he didn't have any problems
Beckett : with gambling, money, drugs, affairs.
Beckett : So we can skip all of that.
Connors : I understand he was headed to the Hamptons
Connors : when he was abducted.
Beckett : Yeah, for our wedding.
Connors : Who knew he was making that drive?
Beckett : The wedding guests, um...
Beckett : Catering staff.
Connors : I'll need their names.
Beckett : I've got a list.
Beckett : But they're all friends and family.
UNK: Still.
Beckett : Agent Connors, do you think that
Beckett : this could be a ransom kidnapping?
Connors : If it is, we'll be ready.
Connors : It's standard protocol to set up
UNK: a trap-and-trace in Mr. Castle's loft
UNK: in the event the kidnappers call.
Connors : We'll also monitor family cell phones.
Beckett : You sound like you don't expect those phones to ring.
Beckett : Agent Connors, do you know something that I don't?
Connors : I just keep coming back to
UNK: how much easier it would've been to grab Castle in the city.
Connors : Instead, they took him on Long Island,
Connors : just as he was about to get married.
Gates : To you.
Beckett : Do you think that this has something to do with me?
Connors : You and Mr. Castle worked a lot of cases together.
Connors : Could someone you went after have taken revenge?
Beckett : Yeah, a lot of people.
Connors : Okay, well, I'll start by taking a run at Gary Duffin.
Connors : You go through your case files,
Connors : come up with a list of potential suspects.
Connors : Keep me apprised of what you find.
Beckett : As long as you do the same.
Alexis : He'll come back.
Martha : Of course he will, darling.
Martha : Your father will be home before you know it.
UNK: Thanks.