Ryan : Yeah, especially in a dinghy with three bullet holes in it.
Beckett : He was shot? The captain said no.
Esposito : But the doctors here won't give us any updates on his condition.
Beckett : Where are Martha and Alexis?
Esposito : They're in a patrol car on the way here now.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Kate?
Beckett : I'm fine.
Beckett : I just never thought I'd see him again.
UNK: Castle?
UNK: Hey.
Beckett : It's me.
UNK: Dad?
Martha : Richard, darling.
Alexis : What's wrong with him?
UNK: Dr. Mclean : Mr. Castle hasn't sustained any serious injuries,
UNK: Dr. Mclean : and his vital signs continue to improve.
UNK: Dr. Mclean : But he is recovering from the effects of exposure and dehydration.
Alexis : Why hasn't he regained consciousness?
UNK: Dr. Mclean : We're running some additional tests to find out,
UNK: Dr. Mclean : but at this point, we don't think there's any cause for alarm.
UNK: But we'd like to stay with him,
Martha : keep him company, if that's all right.
Martha : Of course. Thank you.
UNK: Kate!
UNK: Lanie.
UNK: Lanie Parish : How is he?
Beckett : He's stable, but he's still unconscious.
Lanie : So we still don't know what happened to him?
UNK: No.
Lanie : Well, if there's anything I can do...
Beckett : Actually, yeah. I need you to take a look at him.
Lanie : You do know living patients aren't my thing, right?
Beckett : No, Lanie, look, I don't want you to treat him,
Beckett : I want you to look at him as if it was a case.
Beckett : See if you can find any evidence of
Beckett : where he's been and what he's been through.
Lanie : I'll see what I can do.
UNK: Okay. All right.
Ryan : I'm with Beckett. I never thought we'd see Castle again.
Esposito : Still, where's he been?
Ryan : You saw those bullet holes.
Ryan : Maybe he used the boat to escape from whoever abducted him.
Esposito : The guy faked his own kidnapping and then ran off.
Esposito : Now, how could he do that to Beckett?
Ryan : As long as we've known him, worked with him?
Ryan : Don't you think Castle deserves the benefit of the doubt?
Beckett : You guys, none of us knows the truth about Castle.
Esposito : Not yet.
Beckett : And, Espo, you know what? If you're wrong, then he was a victim.
Beckett : So instead of us just standing around waiting for him to wake up,
Beckett : why don't we start by figuring out who owns that dinghy?
Ryan : I'm already on it.
Ryan : Boat had expired tags registered
Ryan : to a Curtis Holt of Savannah, Georgia.
Esposito : We called Holt.
Esposito : He said that he sold it over a year ago at a garage sale.
Esposito : He can't recall who he sold it to.
UNK: Okay, check his story, find the current owner.
UNK: We find the owner, we'll figure out where Castle was coming from.
UNK: In the meantime, I'll talk to the ship's captain
UNK: and see if he can tell us anything else.
UNK: Captain Mundy : Based on Mr. Castle's condition,
UNK: Captain Mundy : I'm guessing he'd been in that vessel four or five days.
Beckett : Okay, could the dinghy have come from a larger boat?
Mundy : Not likely.
Mundy : See, it has fenders, or pads, to protect the paint.
Mundy : And the position of the fenders points to it being moored at a dock.
Beckett : Is there any way to know where that dock is?
Mundy : I can give you my best guess.
Mundy : The dinghy had a six-horse motor,
Mundy : two hours' worth of fuel, if the tanks were full.
Mundy : After it ran dry, it drifted for four or five days.
Mundy : So, based on winds and current vectors,
Mundy : it probably launched
Mundy : somewhere between Rhode Island and southern Maine.
Esposito : Looks like we caught a break.
UNK: Turns out that sky-blue dinghy was a standard white
Esposito : when it came out of the factory.
Beckett : And how does that help us?
Esposito : Well, the previous owner pimped it out.
UNK: He added custom fishing-rod holders and painted it sky blue.
Ryan : Making it a relative rarity in the world of dinghies.
Esposito : So, going off what the captain told you,
Esposito : we put out a BOLO on all sky-blue dinghies
UNK: to all law enforcement along the coast from Rhode Island to Maine.
Ryan : We got a hit. A park ranger in Gloucester, Massachusetts,
UNK: recalls seeing it at a private dock.
Esposito : This is a satellite photo off the web taken a month ago.
Esposito : This is the private dock the ranger was talking about.
UNK: And there's a sky-blue dinghy.
Ryan : Complete with custom fishing-rod holders,
Ryan : just like the boat Castle was found in.
Beckett : Okay, so this looks like a mobile home.
Beckett : Does the dock belong to it?
Esposito : It's all part of the same property. Owned by one Henry Jenkins.