Esposito : Whatever's going on with Castle, this is where he came from.
Esposito : And this guy must be involved.
Beckett : Thanks for holding down the fort, Sergeant Simms.
UNK: Sergeant Simms : All I did was hang around and watch a mobile home.
UNK: What's this all about?
Esposito : It's about the owner, Henry Jenkins. Do you know him?
Simms : No, we don't get over here too much. Whoever he is, he's not home.
UNK: I didn't notice any signs of life.
Beckett : Okay, well, we'll take it over from here.
Simms : I'm a radio call away if you need me.
Beckett : Thank you.
Ryan : Looks like Henry Jenkins scrubbed himself off the web.
Ryan : All Tory can find out is what we already know.
Ryan : He runs a private security firm in Boston.
UNK: And we still don't know what kind of security.
UNK: Are we talking mall cops or military contractor?
Beckett : Either way, that would give him access to firearms,
Beckett : which could explain the bullet holes
Beckett : in the boat.
Esposito : Yeah, but what's the link between him and Castle?
Esposito : Why would he be mixed up with this guy?
Beckett : It's Lanie. She may have something. Stand by.
Lanie : Kate, I talked Castle's doctor into letting me look him over,
Lanie : and I came across a few strange things.
Beckett : Strange how?
Lanie : No trace evidence on Castle's clothes,
UNK: but I did find a key sewn into the lining of his pants.
Beckett : What kind of a key?
Lanie : I'm not sure.
UNK: But it has "38" stamped on it.
Lanie : That mean anything to you? No.
Lanie : Okay, then there's his blood work.
Lanie : I found antibodies to dengue fever.
Lanie : That means Castle was exposed to
Lanie : the virus within the last two months.
Beckett : Wait, isn't dengue fever tropical?
Lanie : Yeah. It's mostly found in Latin America, Africa, and Asia.
Beckett : That doesn't make any sense.
Lanie : Neither does the bullet wound I found.
Lanie : Castle was grazed across the ribs.
UNK: Okay, that makes a little bit more sense.
Beckett : There were bullet holes on the boat.
Lanie : But this wound was mainly healed.
Lanie : He was shot a few weeks ago.
Lanie : A few weeks ago? Are you sure?
Lanie : Maybe even longer.
Lanie : Kate, what the hell was Castle mixed up in?
UNK: Hey, Beckett, I just saw the curtain move.
Ryan : Someone's in there. I'll call you back.
Beckett : Let's go.
Esposito : You get eyes on anyone? Negative.
Esposito : On the ground! On the ground!
UNK: Let me see your hands!
UNK: Put your hands where we can see 'em! Now! Now! Now!
Esposito : What's in the bags?
UNK: Henry Jenkins : Trash! Trash!
UNK: Henry Jenkins : Trash, I was taking out the trash.
Beckett : Talk to me about Richard Castle.
Jenkins : I'm telling you, I don't know the guy. I've never even heard of him.
Esposito : There's no sign that anyone else has been here.
Jenkins : 'Cause no one comes here but me. This is my weekend place.
Beckett : This is your boat, correct?
Jenkins : It would appear to be.
Beckett : If you don't know Mr. Castle,
Beckett : then how did he end up in this boat in the middle of the ocean?
Jenkins : I have no idea.
Jenkins : But I did notice that it was missing
Jenkins : when I came up here a few days ago.
Esposito : So your boat was missing, but you didn't report that?
Jenkins : I never use the damn thing.
Jenkins : I mean, I don't even know why I bought it.
Jenkins : I just figured it came unmoored, or it got stolen.
Ryan : Who would steal a dinghy?
Jenkins : Well, there was a man who was hanging around,
Jenkins : down by the beach. A man?
Beckett : Describe him.
UNK: Um...
Jenkins : Late 30s, I would guess. Tall, brown hair, big build.
Jenkins : Yeah. That's definitely him.
Beckett : He was on the beach? What was he doing?
UNK: Camping.
UNK: Camping?
Esposito : That can't be right.
Jenkins : In a tent.
Jenkins : He seemed to be minding his own business,
UNK: and he was on state land, so I just left him alone.
UNK: Ryan, can you finish taking Mr. Jenkins' statement?
Beckett : Where exactly was this man?
Esposito : That's the dock where the dinghy was tied up.
Beckett : These are Castle's shoes.
UNK: This is his watch.