UNK: Yes!
UNK: Kate Beckett : Wow. I haven't seen you this excited since...
UNK: Kate Beckett : Uh, well, earlier this morning, so...
Castle : You know what this is, Beckett?
UNK: Uh, no, but I know that a very secure messenger just brought it in.
UNK: Oh, my. It's absolutely beautiful.
Beckett : What is it?
Castle : The YOLO card.
UNK: Like, "Dude, I just drove my mom's car into the river. #YOLO"?
Castle : No, no, no.
UNK: This work of art will forever release YOLO from Internet jail.
Castle : You see, each card
Castle : was painstakingly handcrafted by an international team of artisans.
Castle : Note the flecks of actual black diamond embedded in the card,
Castle : the state-of-the-art radio-frequency ID chip.
Castle : The best part, only 10,000 people in the world
Castle : were chosen to have a YOLO card, and I'm one of them.
Beckett : Castle, it's just a credit card.
UNK: "Just a credit card"? I think not, my good woman.
Castle : This is a YOLO.
UNK: As in, you only live once. It is a way of life.
Beckett : No, it's a way to be obnoxious.
Castle : Oh, is it?
Castle : You see, for every dollar I spend seizing my own day,
Castle : YOLO matches it to help someone Iess fortunate seize their dreams.
Beckett : Oh, okay. well, that's a little Iess obnoxious.
UNK: That's what I thought. So you wanna try it out, take it for a spin?
Castle : Might help you with tonight.
UNK: Mmm. what's tonight?
Castle : Come on, don't tell me you forgot. Our weekly date night.
Castle : It's new. It's our thing. It's your turn to arrange it, remember?
UNK: Yeah! Of course I remember.
Beckett : I don't need a YOLO card to help me out with that.
Beckett : I've already got it planned.
Castle : Oh, do you?
UNK: So, tell me, how are you gonna top my American Revolution evening
Castle : I arranged with the carriage ride to see Hamilton on Broadway?
Castle : The dinner served by waiters dressed as Founding Fathers?
Beckett : Yes, that was fun.
UNK: Except for when Ben Franklin started hitting on me.
Castle : That's nothing. George washington slipped me his digits.
UNK: What?
Castle : - So what are we doing tonight? - Uh, well, it's a surprise, Castle.
Castle : Oh, I love surprises. At least tell me what to wear.
UNK: On a wardrobe scale of one to 10,
Castle : 10 being James Bond, one being Big Lebowski...
Castle : Give me a number.
UNK: For now, five.
UNK: Crime scene casual.
Beckett : Hey. Beckett. Uh, yeah.
UNK: Javier Esposito : That's great. Thanks.
Castle : Is that Zane Cannon?
Esposito : Yep, star of the Apocalypse Runner movie franchise.
Castle : I love those movies.
Esposito : Yeah, me, too. Even though, no disrespect to the dead,
Esposito : this guy couldn't act to save his life.
Castle : - Quite literally, by the looks of things. - Yeah.
Castle : Was Zane rehearsing Hamlet alone this morning?
UNK: Actually, it was last night.
UNK: The ME places the time of death between 8 : 00 and 11 : 00 p.m.
Castle : A quill pen? Odd choice for a murder weapon.
Castle : Unless, of course, the murderer
UNK: was the ghost ofwilliam Shakespeare killing Zane for butchering his words.
Castle : It's all the talk on Broadway
Castle : that Zane had no business performing the Bard's most famous role.
Esposito : Why cast him then?
Castle : Because movie stars sell tickets.
Castle : Just ask my mother.
Castle : She can't stop talking about the Hollywood-ization of Broadway.
Esposito : Hold on.
Esposito : Hey. what are you doing?
Esposito : Give me that.
Jake : I was just...
Jake : Nice try. I already uploaded it to the Cloud.
Esposito : Hey, officer.
Esposito : Escort this dirtbag out of here and confiscate thatjacket.
Jake : That's my phone.
Jake : You legally can't have that phone!
UNK: Hey, give me my phone!
Esposito : See that? Our victim's fame
Esposito : is already turning this into a media circus.
Ryan : Hey, fellas, may I introduce to you Erin Cherloff.
Ryan : She is the play's director and a true artist.
Ryan : Your production of Antigone was a revelation.
Erin : - Oh, well, thank you. - Yeah.
Erin : I can't believe this is happening.
Erin : Zane and I finally get a chance to work together after all these years,
Erin : and this happens.
UNK: The two ofyou were friends?
Erin : Yeah, since theater school.
Erin : Zane dropped out to go to Hollywood. But we stayed close.
Esposito : Do you know what he was doing here in the theater by himself last night?
Erin : He was terrified.
Erin : Of Hamlet.
Erin : He really wanted to show his acting chops in this role.
UNK: But sometimes he would come here after hours to work more.
Ryan : Was Zane having problems with anyone you know of?
Erin : It's no secret he had a reputation for sleeping with his leading ladies.
Castle : Are you saying Zane was sleeping with the actress playing Ophelia?
UNK: Naomi Fox, yeah.
Erin : They had a messy break-up recently.
UNK: She sort ofwent all FatalAttraction,
Erin : so she took a baseball bat to his DB9.
Erin : He had me take photos for his insurance.