Beckett : Hector Zamacona might have been the last person to speak to Zane,
Beckett : which means he may know something.
UNK: Hey, what's your wife doing here?
Ryan : I don't know. Excuse me.
Ryan : So, what's up?
Jenny : It seems some of the parents have some concerns.
Beckett : Uh, yeah. Um, they're struggling with my vision.
Jenny : Actually, they have decided to go a different direction.
Ryan : Wait, they're firing me?
Ryan : PTA's not enough for that mom-ster. She has to...
Jenny : Kevin, it's all the parents.
UNK: Oh.
Jenny : Everybody loves your enthusiasm.
UNK: It's just, they're preschoolers, they're not Broadway stars.
Ryan : So no soft-shoe?
Jenny : No. No soft-shoe.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Come here. It happens.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : So other than pissing off a homicidal drug lord,
Beckett : how did you enjoy our surprise date night?
Castle : Are you saying you planned my abduction
Castle : by a fugitive cartel leader?
Beckett : Yeah, complete with the daring rescue and everything.
Beckett : It was fun, huh?
Castle : I don't think date night counts
UNK: when it's a candlelight dinner with the butcher of Guadalajara.
UNK: Well, I'll plan something else. Yeah.
Beckett : Something else?
Castle : You didn't have a plan!
Beckett : Do you realize how pressure-filled this is?
Beckett : Always trying to top each other.
UNK: That's halfthe fun of it.
Castle : Our rivalry is what fuels the passionate fire... Rivalry.
Zane : - What? - Rivalry.
Castle : Between two brothers.
Beckett : What? what rivalry?
UNK: The one between Jorge "EI Oso" Zamacona and his brother, Hector.
Beckett : A rivalry would explain why Zane was working with both brothers,
Beckett : but how do we prove it?
Castle : I just need to find one piece of evidence to see that I'm on the right track.
Castle : And that could be it.
Castle : My Spanish is a little rusty, but my handy translator says...
UNK: Hector Zamacona has been sleeping with his brother's wife.
Castle : They have been shacking up ever since EI Oso went on the run.
Beckett : So, Zane might have been caught in a rivalry between the brothers,
Beckett : and that's what got him killed.
Ryan : Hector wants more than just EI Oso's wife.
Ryan : According to the DEA, all his, uh, "Iegitimate businesses,"
Ryan : they're suspected fronts for money laundering.
Esposito : So with big brother on the run,
Esposito : Hector can make a play to rule the family in his place.
Castle : But Hector can never truly own the throne until his brother is dead.
Castle : A powerful family, a cartel for a kingdom,
Castle : two brothers locked in a battle for control.
Castle : Guys, this is just like the play.
Castle : Hamlet's father is killed by his brother,
Castle : who then takes the throne and marries the dead brother's wife.
Castle : There's a reason they say Shakespeare endures.
UNK: This is a real-Iife Hamlet.
Beckett : Okay, so, thematic similarities aside,
Beckett : why would Hector need Zane to take down EI Oso?
Castle : Because Hector didn't know where to find his brother.
UNK: And movie star Zane had a face-to-face with EI Oso.
Castle : Making Zane the perfect Trojan horse to lead Hector to his brother.
Esposito : Why would Zane agree to do that? He wanted to star in the EI Oso movie.
UNK: Money. Hector is worth hundreds of millions.
Beckett : Zane needed the money now,
Beckett : not in three years when the movie could get off the ground.
Esposito : So Hector offers to solve Zane's money problems
Esposito : in exchange for Zane Ieading him to EI Oso.
UNK: But EI Oso refuses to meet with Zane.
UNK: And then, rather than wait to see
UNK: ifZane's Hamlet reviews are good enough
UNK: to meet with EI Oso, Hector decides to cut his losses.
Castle : Which, in this family, translates to murder.
Hector : My brother's bloody hand has brought shame on our family.
UNK: We're better offwith him back in a cage.
Beckett : Well, yeah, I mean, you're definitely better off.
Beckett : You didn't even have to pay for Zane Cannon's tax debts.
Hector : Why would I pay a movie star's taxes?
Castle : To get him to lead you to your brother.
UNK: That way you could kill EI Oso and take over the family business.
Castle : Much in the same way you took over the family bed.
Beckett : And when Zane couldn't get a second meeting with EI Oso,
Beckett : he was a loose end. So you killed him.
Hector : I did not kill Zane.
Beckett : We know that Zane called you
Beckett : from a burner phone hours before he was killed.
Beckett : We also know that you put $15 million into a holding account.
Castle : The exact amount of his tax bill.
Hector : Let's say I did have a deal with him.
Hector : Why would I kill him a week before Hamlet previews?
Hector : According to you,
UNK: good reviews would've gotten him another meeting with my brother.
Beckett : But that would have put Zane out in the cold
Beckett : for his Oscar-winning role.
Beckett : And even with a big payoff,
Beckett : it would have been tough to get him to walk away from that role.
Castle : Unless you promised him he could keep it anyway.
Castle : With your brother dead, the life rights would revert to you.
UNK: I could care less about the EI Oso biopic.
Hector : I told him he could direct it, for all I cared.
Castle : Wait, you...
Castle : You told Zane he could star in and direct his dream project?
Hector : Only, I guess, Zane had already promised the job to someone else.
Hector : Someone who would not be happy to lose it.
UNK: Oh. woe is me, to have seen what I have seen...
UNK: No. You've gotta feel it more.
UNK: This isn'tjust some guy who broke up with you on Snapchat.