Castle : Oh. Did he report that to the police?
Erin : No. Look, I've worked with Naomi before, and she's crazy.
UNK: But actor-crazy, not murderer-crazy.
UNK: However, there is one teeny, tiny, Iittle thing you should know about.
Erin : Naomi's a method actor.
Erin : Meaning she doesn't play the characters,
Erin : she becomes them.
UNK: Do you know where can we find her?
Ryan : I just hope I wasn't too obvious back there.
Ryan : I'm just such a big fan of Erin Cherloff.
Esposito : - Who, the director? - Yeah! She's amazing.
UNK: I'm... Just speaking with her,
Ryan : I got this great idea for the play at Sara Grace's preschool,
UNK: where I'm a parent volunteer at.
Esposito : Wait, preschools have plays now?
Esposito : My preschool was going to work with my mom every day.
Castle : Oh, same here.
Castle : I grew up in hallways just like this.
Castle : Spending time in my mother's dressing room,
Castle : experimenting with her costumes, her makeup.
Castle : Oh, get over it.
Castle : Anyway, maybe our method actress has gone a little too method.
Castle : In the play, Hamlet drives Ophelia mad.
UNK: Ifthis is life-imitating art, and she's gone full Ophelia,
Castle : we should be ready for anything.
Ryan : Ms. Fox?
Esposito : Ms. Fox. NYPD.
Esposito : We need to ask you a few questions.
Ryan : Ms. Fox?
UNK: Um...
Ryan : May I?
Castle : - Ophelia? - Aye, My Lord?
Castle : These fair gentlemen are constables and wish to speak with you
Castle : in matters regarding the murder
Castle : most foul and unnatural ofZane Cannon.
Naomi : 'Tis too much to bear to think on it.
UNK: Now, now, fair Ophelia, we have queries
Ryan : and thou shall answer
Ryan : or we shall force perforce be moved to make a Star Chamber...
UNK: Stop.
Esposito : We are so not doing this.
Esposito : Look, Naomi, we know that you were having a showmance with Zane.
Esposito : He dumped you, and then you busted up his car.
Naomi : My Lord, he speaks with a curious tongue. "Car"?
Castle : It's what he's gonna put you in the back ofwhen he arrests you for murder.
Esposito : So stop the Daniel Day-Lewis routine and start talking, or...
Naomi : Okay. Look, I wasn't in my right mind when I smashed up Zane's car,
Naomi : but I didn't kill him.
Naomi : You have to believe me.
Naomi : I was out late last night bar-hopping with some of the cast.
Naomi : You can check it out.
Ryan : Bar-hopping? So you're not full method.
Castle : Unless she was drinking mead and eating with her fingers.
Naomi : Look, I really cared for Zane,
Naomi : but he was acting Iike he was cheating on me.
Naomi : Showing up at my place at all hours of the night, lame excuses.
Naomi : So I confronted him, and he blew up.
Naomi : Told me never to ask where he goes again.
Ryan : Any idea who this other woman might be?
Naomi : No. But whoever she was, she brought out his dark side.
Woman : We have breaking news
Woman : on the shocking death of Hollywood megastar Zane Cannon,
Woman : whose body was found this morning on stage
UNK: at the Off-Broadway Citizen's Theatre...
Beckett : So why is there a video of Zane's body on the news?
Esposito : A stalkerazzi snuck onto the crime scene
Esposito : wearing an NYPD windbreaker.
UNK: News Presenter : A source at the scene reveals
UNK: News Presenter : that leading the investigation into the star's murder
UNK: News Presenter : is none other than acclaimed mystery writer Richard Castle,
UNK: News Presenter : with an assist from the NYPD's 12th Precinct.
UNK: One-PP has been on my ass about keeping media under control,
Beckett : and now my husband is the face of the investigation.
Castle : - It's not all bad news, Beckett. - How?
Castle : That's a great photo of me.
Beckett : Do we have a suspect?
Esposito : Not yet. Naomi's alibi checked out.
Esposito : But we do have a lead on this mystery woman that Zane was seeing.
Esposito : His financials came in.
Esposito : They say that he rented a limo yesterday morning.
Castle : Which makes sense, since Naomi trashed his DB9.
Beckett : And where was this limo going?
Esposito : I don't know yet. I'm still waiting for the driver to call me back.
Esposito : But hopefully he knows who this woman is.
Ryan : I have already found her.
Ryan : It turns out that Zane was renting a suite
Ryan : at the Black Door hotel under a fake name.
Castle : - Ah! The Black Door. Yes, very fancy. - Mmm-hmm.
Castle : Known for being discreet...
UNK: Is what I've heard from other people who were once single, now married.
Ryan : Well, they certainly seem to be Iiving up to that reputation.
Ryan : Wouldn't say a word until I accused them of obstruction.
Ryan : But Zane has had a suite there for the past two weeks.
Ryan : And he was with a woman there every night.
Beckett : Okay. who is this woman?
Ryan : No idea, she's not a registered guest.
Ryan : But get this,
Ryan : not only did she arrive after our time of death window,
Ryan : she's still there.
Castle : Privacy light is on.
Esposito : She must still be here.
UNK: NYPD.
UNK: Would you open it please?
UNK: NYPD.
UNK: Police.
UNK: Pst.
Esposito : There's a ginger in the bed.
UNK: Mother?
UNK: Richard?
UNK: Int - Theatre : I, um...
Martha : I got tired, waiting for Zane last night,
Martha : so I just, uh, crawled into bed.
Martha : Never could I imagine what happened to him.