Beckett : Jake, now.
UNK: Jeez.
Ryan : What the hell did Zane get himself mixed up with?
Beckett : There's only one way to know. We gotta find this mystery man.
UNK: Hey, yo, LT, you've seen Ryan?
UNK: L.t. : I think he's in the box.
UNK: I just, I wanted to share with you my vision of the play.
Elodie : Your vision?
Ryan : Yeah, I see the kids as embodying the circle of life.
Elodie : It's just a flower dance.
Ryan : Let me just show you what I mean, okay?
UNK: So the kids, they're stacked up, and then flower, flower.
Ryan : They're exploding, fanning out.
Ryan : Flower, flower, flower, fun!
Ryan : Flower growing in the sun
UNK: And then they circle back.
Ryan : Kind of a, you know, Busby Berkeley thing.
Elodie : Kevin, Kevin.
Elodie : The oldest kids are five.
Elodie : We'll be lucky if they can just sing the song.
Ryan : I think we need to think outside the box here.
Elodie : Think outside of the box next year. After my kid has graduated.
Ryan : maybe we need to look into your unpaid parking tickets,
UNK: run 'em through the system, see if there is any lean...
UNK: Kevin. we've got that case that we're working.
Elodie : Yeah. Okay, bye.
UNK: Stop.
Esposito : Step away from the laptop.
Beckett : Yeah. That's the same guy that Zane bought the burner phone off of.
Ryan : This footage is dated four weeks ago,
Ryan : so obviously he and Zane had an ongoing arrangement.
Esposito : Hold up. I recognize this guy.
Esposito : Yeah, that's Alejandro Guzman.
UNK: He's a big shot caller for a gang called Los Malditos. The Damned.
UNK: And they operate out of Spanish Harlem.
Beckett : That's the same neighborhood that Zane grew up in.
Beckett : Maybe the two of them knew each other back in the day.
Ryan : Before Zane got famous doing all those Apocalypse Runner movies.
Ryan : We'll go up to Spanish Harlem and see ifwe can track down this guy.
Guzman : I know nothing about nothing.
UNK: Bro, we got you on video
UNK: having a meeting with Zane on the day he was murdered.
Guzman : You got me on video killing him?
UNK: - Now, that's what I thought. May I go? - Not yet.
UNK: - Nah. - No. See, we did our homework.
Ryan : Yeah, we know that your little brother Antonio
Ryan : is doing a little stretch upstate at Fishkill.
Esposito : That's a long way for your mother to travel on visiting day.
Esposito : Especially with her bad knees.
UNK: How do you know about my mama?
Esposito : Oh, I got an old army buddy
Esposito : who works for the Federal Bureau of Prisons.
Esposito : He slipped me your file.
UNK: Hey, Javi, I'll bet your old army buddy
Ryan : could get his brother transferred closer to the city.
Ryan : Make those visits a little easier on Mama.
Esposito : Yeah, but he'd have to be willing to talk.
Castle : - Oh. - I don't make deals with police.
Esposito : Oh, that's fine.
Esposito : My buddy also tells me
Esposito : that there's a bunch of openings at a federal penitentiary in Georgia.
UNK: That'd be, like, what, a 13, 14-hour bus ride?
Castle : At least.
Ryan : Kind of rough on Mama.
UNK: AII right. I'll talk about Zane.
UNK: But I am not giving you names. I'm not ratting anyone out in my crew.
UNK: Keep talking.
Guzman : I knew Zane back in the day, just a neighborhood punk.
Stalkerazzi : A month ago, he shows up out of the blue
Guzman : asking to get in touch with my boss.
Ryan : Who's your boss?
Esposito : Hold up, are you talking about the boss-boss? EI Oso?
Guzman : I said no names.
UNK: Wait, EI Oso? Head of the cartel?
Ryan : The Mexican government, the DEA, the FBI,
Ryan : they're all looking for this guy.
Ryan : He escaped from prison in Mexico three months ago.
Castle : Are you saying that you know where EI Oso is hiding?
Guzman : Of course not.
Esposito : Then why would Zane come to see you?
UNK: Because I've got a little bird.
Guzman : And I put out my little bird to the right people,
UNK: until the message gets to you-know-who.
Ryan : Clearly, you charge for this little bird service.
Guzman : Ten grand gets you a burner.
UNK: Ifthe boss wants to talk, you get a phone call.
Ryan : And a month ago, Zane wanted to talk to your boss, why?
Guzman : Some kind of business proposition.
Guzman : Zane even got himself a face-to-face with the boss,