Erin : Thank you.
Zamacona : You think Zane contacted me about drugs, no?
Castle : What else is there?
Zamacona : The most infamous cartel boss in history.
Castle : Zane wanted the rights to your life's story.
UNK: The EI Oso biopic.
Zamacona : He thought portraying me would win him an Oscar.
Castle : So what happened?
Guzman : I said no.
Zamacona : He may be big box office, but the man cannot act.
Zamacona : So I made him an ultimatum.
Castle : You're the one who made him drop Safe Word and do Hamlet.
Zamacona : I needed to see that he was serious.
UNK: And that he really could act.
Zamacona : So I told him if he got a good review in the Times, my life rights were his.
Castle : But he had contact with you before the show premiered.
UNK: He wanted to meet again.
Esposito : - Why? - I don't know.
UNK: He said that it had to do with the movie.
Zamacona : But I could smell his desperation through the phone.
UNK: Especially when I said "no."
Zamacona : And later that night, he was dead.
Zamacona : I didn't bring you all the way out here to talk about los muertos.
Castle : - You didn't? - No!
Zamacona : When I saw you on television,
Zamacona : I knew fate had put you in my path, Richard Castle.
Zamacona : I'm a man of the people.
Zamacona : You are a popular writer. You write for the people.
Zamacona : That's why you must tell my story.
Castle : You want me to write the script for your movie?
Zamacona : I will tell you all about myself
Zamacona : and then you will just type-y, type-y, type-y.
Zamacona : It should only take six months, maybe a year.
Zamacona : And you will stay here with me.
Zamacona : Or I will mail your body home,
Zamacona : piece by piece.
Esposito : We got security footage from the garage, and it's not good.
Martha : Oh, my...
Martha : Oh, my God.
Ryan : Escalade is registered to a shell corp that's a known front for EI Oso.
UNK: But you can track the SUV, can't you?
Beckett : We can, but they probably swapped cars at least once by now,
Beckett : and with a two-hour head start,
UNK: we're looking at a hundred-mile search radius.
Beckett : And we still have no idea what we're looking for.
Martha : There must be something that you could do.
Martha : This is Richard's life.
UNK: YOLO.
Esposito : That's cold, Beckett.
UNK: No, Castle's new credit card.
Beckett : The kidnappers Ieft his cell phone by the car.
Beckett : But he might still have his wallet with him.
Beckett : And the new YOLO card has an upgraded RFID chip in it.
UNK: And ifthey passed within range of a tollbooth or a gas station...
Beckett : Then it'll pick up the chip and we'll be able to track his movement.
Esposito : I'll call the credit card company, see ifthat card's pinged anywhere.
Martha : Oh, poor Richard.
Martha : I can't even imagine how he must be suffering.
Castle : Your life is without a doubt a Shakespearean drama.
Zamacona : I've always felt a strong connection to Macbeth.
UNK: Ambitious...
UNK: Uh, but tortured by his conscience.
Castle : With your relationship to torture,
Castle : I think you're a little more Richard III, am I right?
Zamacona : The hunchback?
Castle : I was thinking more along, uh, the lines of Sir Laurence Olivier.
Zamacona : A man does not achieve what I have without great personal cost!
Castle : Jorge, I only meant you...
Zamacona : You think I cannot see that the stains on my soul
Zamacona : appear upon my sleeve as well?
Zamacona : Are you the royal fool who dares believe he can mock the king he serves?
UNK: No, I'm just the funny kind of courtjester.
UNK: Then give me proof ofyour humility by giving me your life!
Zamacona : Ricardo, I wish you could see your face.
Zamacona : It's priceless!
UNK: Yeah, good one.
Zamacona : Richard III had no sense of humor, but I do.
Zamacona : These are the facets of my character that you must capture.
Castle : You know, you should really play yourself in this movie.
UNK: Oh, if only.
Zamacona : But sadly, I'm a fugitive.
Zamacona : Persecuted and misunderstood.
Zamacona : Until you tell my story, that is.
Zamacona : Now, let's talk money, huh?
UNK: Will $5 million be enough?
UNK: Agent Richmond : Jorge Zamacona, this is the DEA! We have you surrounded.