Ryan : What financial problems? Zane had $10 million in the bank.
Toro : He owed the IRS 15 mil in back taxes.
Toro : He was gonna be broke in, like, two months.
Ryan : Then why'd he walk away from an $8 million payday
UNK: and that Safe Word movie to go do Shakespeare?
Toro : He said he had a plan to get paid. It was something big, man.
Esposito : Sounds like whatever money-making scheme Zane was involved in
UNK: was probably what got him killed.
Esposito : Only question is... what the hell are you doing, Kev?
UNK: Yeah. I figured it out.
Esposito : - What he was involved in? - No! No, no, no, no.
Ryan : The, uh, new choreography for Sara Grace's preschool play.
Esposito : Oh, good. why don't you keep working on that while I solve our homicide?
UNK: Let me get a plain hotdog.
Ryan : - Hey, Javi. - Yeah.
Ryan : We are being filmed.
UNK: That's our stalkerazzi I chased off the crime scene.
Ryan : Hey, buddy, what's your name?
Stalkerazzi : This is a public street. I have the right to film you.
UNK: No, cool, cool, cool.
UNK: We just wanna know why you're filming us.
Stalkerazzi : Well, I want the same thing you guys do,
Stalkerazzi : an ending to Zane Cannon's story.
Martha : Wait a minute.
UNK: Have you been tracking our investigation by tracking us?
Stalkerazzi : ever since he dropped out of the movie Safe Word to play Hamlet.
Stalkerazzi : I knew that pretty boy was a train wreck waiting to happen.
Ryan : You've been following Zane?
Stalkerazzi : On and off, ever since he got to New York a month ago.
Esposito : So did you see him on the night of his murder?
Ryan : Look, come on, you want an ending to your story?
Ryan : Why don't you show us what you got and maybe we can do you a favor.
Stalkerazzi : Yeah, I don't work for favors. I want an interview with the killer.
Ryan : Yeah, and I want a baby unicorn with a rainbow tail.
Ryan : For my daughter.
Ryan : We're both gonna be disappointed, pal.
UNK: Come on, man, show us what you've got.
Esposito : If it's any good, when we make an arrest,
Esposito : we'll let you film the perp walk. Deal?
Ryan : Let's go for a walk.
UNK: I filmed this yesterday at the theater around 4 : 00.
Ryan : That's about six hours before Zane was killed.
UNK: - Righthere. It's righthere. - You got whatl need?
Beckett : - Who's the guy with the tats? - No idea.
UNK: Have him give me a callASAP, allright? Cool?
UNK: Man #1 : No guarantees, man. Here you go.
UNK: - Who was that, Zane? - Yo!
UNK: Why'dyoupayhim all thatcash forthe phone?
UNK: Yo, come on! Come on, give me thatcamera.
UNK: Give me thatcamera. You're gonna getme killed.
UNK: Uh, hell, I thought Zane was just being dramatic,
Stalkerazzi : I guess I was dead wrong.
Beckett : Okay. we're gonna need you to leave the room, Jake.
UNK: Tech may be able to get that facial recognition on that...
Esposito : Yeah, yeah. No, no, no. Leave the laptop.
Stalkerazzi : No way, lady. This is my property, and I...