Guzman : 'cause he's a movie star and all.
Guzman : Only, from what I hear, it didn't go so good.
Esposito : So why did Zane buy another burner from you on the day he was killed?
Esposito : I don't know.
Guzman : But if he pissed off the boss a second time,
Guzman : it's not on me he ended up dead.
UNK: Jorge "EI Oso" Zamacona.
Esposito : He's part folk hero, part demon, the rest is pure monster.
Ryan : The man kills anyone who crosses him. Cops, journalists, politicians.
UNK: Zane must've been real desperate for money
UNK: to wanna do business with this guy.
UNK: Maybe he wanted to be EI Oso's new drug pipeline to Hollywood.
UNK: But chances are we'll never find out.
UNK: I mean ifthe DEA, FBI and the Mexican government can't find him,
Ryan : then what chances do we have?
Beckett : I'll reach out to my fed contacts.
Esposito : Well, we'll drill down all of EI Oso's stateside connections.
UNK: Okay.
Castle : Well, I suppose that puts the brakes on our date night.
Beckett : Uh, yeah. Sorry, Castle.
Castle : Oh, no, I'm sorry for you.
Castle : You're the one who put all the planning into our special evening.
UNK: Yeah. I did. I...
Beckett : Yeah, I did.
Castle : You know what? I think I'll take my mother out to dinner.
Castle : Maybe cheer her up after all this.
Beckett : You're such a good son.
Castle : You're such a good everything.
UNK: Uh...
Castle : Hey, buddy, parked a little close.
UNK: Hey!
Castle : You look...
UNK: Okay, don't mind me, I'm just gonna go out the passenger's side.
Castle : Meant to do that.
Castle : Oh, now you move? Thanks, you idiot.
UNK: Oh.
Castle : Who are you guys?
Castle : What do you want?
UNK: And where am I?
Man : Buenas noches.
UNK: Hi.
Man : Do you know who I am?
UNK: EI Oso.
UNK: Listen, you get me a lead on Zamacona, and we will run it.
UNK: Yeah. Okay, I gotta go, bye.
UNK: Hey.
Martha : Hi, darling. I know you're busy, but is Richard here?
Beckett : No, I thought he was at dinner with you.
UNK: Yeah, well, he didn't show up, and his cell went right to voicemail.
UNK: So I figured he must be here, immersed in the case.
Beckett : Well, he's probably out playing with his fancy new credit card,
Beckett : but let me check in on him.
Beckett : Alexis put new tracking software on my laptop.
UNK: I'll just ping his cell. There you go.
UNK: Mmm, there you go.
Beckett : 7th and 53rd.
Martha : That's the parking garage across from the restaurant
Martha : where we were supposed to meet an hour ago.
UNK: Uh...
Beckett : You know what? Just give me a second.
Beckett : Hi, uh, this is Captain Beckett. I need a unit at 53rd and 7th.
Zamacona : I saw you on the news.
Zamacona : You're working with the Federales to investigate Zane Cannon's death.
Castle : You mean his murder?
Castle : Well, I mean...
UNK: Uh, we know that Zane, was in contact with you about a business proposition.
Castle : And that you
Castle : were in contact with him just hours before his untimely demise.
Zamacona : You think I killed him?
Castle : You have been associated with a fair amount ofviolence in your past.
UNK: I believe the adjective you are looking for is, um, "epic."
UNK: "An epic amount ofviolence." Some might even say "biblical."
Castle : So you can see
Castle : why your involvement with Zane would have the police curious.
Zamacona : If I wanted him dead,
Zamacona : I would have cut him open when he was standing where you are now.
Zamacona : I wouldn't kill him with a pen. That's cute.
Zamacona : Do I look like a man who kills cute?
Castle : No, no. Certainly not.
Castle : You also don't look like the sort of man
Castle : who needs to resort to cheap scare tactics.
Castle : I mean, why don't you just untie me,
Castle : we'll sit down, and you tell me why you brought me here?