Castle : Mother, why...
UNK: why...
Castle : why were you in Zane's bed?
Martha : Because he was late for our session.
Ryan : What kind of session?
UNK: Is that what they call it?
Castle : - That's enough. - Okay.
Castle : Mother, are you saying you were sleeping with Zane Cannon?
Martha : Oh, drop the gavel, Richard.
Martha : I was his acting coach, certainly not his mistress.
Martha : The poor boy was out of his depth trying to play Hamlet,
Martha : so he was referred to me.
Martha : Zane needed me to be on call 24 hours a day.
Martha : So he had this suite, so that we could meet comfortably at any time.
Martha : We turned this room into a temple to the Bard.
Martha : It also became a temple to a new life.
UNK: What do you mean "new life"?
Martha : Well, you know I'm a life coach.
Martha : I helped Zane to just clear out the clutter of stardom,
Martha : so that he could focus on his craft.
Ryan : Did he ever mention having any enemies?
Martha : No, but he did have some demons, though.
Martha : There was something in his past that was a real block for him.
Castle : Certainly he told you what the block was.
Martha : No, he was very secretive about it, frightened even.
Martha : Oh, of course I encouraged him to engage with those demons, and...
Martha : wait a minute, the last time we spoke,
Martha : he said that he had made arrangements to do just that.
Martha : Oh, dear God.
Martha : Don't tell me that I might have pushed him into something that got him killed.
Castle : No. No, nothing like that. No. No.
Castle : - No. Come on, let's get you home. - No?
Castle : Come on.
Beckett : Ryan, wait, hey, listen.
Beckett : It's my turn to plan date night, but I forgot.
Beckett : And Castle's gonna lord it over me if I don't outdo what he did last week.
Beckett : So I need a few ideas.
UNK: - What? For Castle? - Yeah.
Ryan : Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Ryan : The guy who, uh, took you on an urban spelunking adventure
Ryan : through the city subway tunnels Iast Halloween,
Ryan : and then he hired actors to reenact scenes from the movie C.H.U.D.
UNK: Yeah, I can't come up with stuff like that.
UNK: Yo! Just heard back from that limo driver
Esposito : that Zane hired the morning of his murder.
Esposito : You'll never believe where he went. Sing Sing Penitentiary.
Beckett : Why did he go there?
UNK: To pick up a newly-released inmate, Johnny Toro,
Esposito : who also happens to be his estranged older stepbrother.
Beckett : How did we not know that Zane had a stepbrother?
Esposito : Different dads, different names.
Esposito : And according to Zane's publicist, he kept it quiet.
UNK: He didn't wanna be associated with this guy.
Ryan : - Then why'd he show up at the prison? - I don't know.
Esposito : According to the limo driver, though, it was far from a happy family reunion.
Esposito : The privacy screen was up,
Esposito : but he could tell that Toro was yelling at Zane.
UNK: He served 12 years for a B and E.
Esposito : Where he stewed on how much he hated Zane.
Esposito : Check out the prison psychologist's notes.
Esposito : Apparently, there was a lot of built-up rage against Zane.
Beckett : You know, evidence suggests that this break-in was a two-man job.
Esposito : Cops suspected Zane, but only had evidence against Toro.
Beckett : And then Toro took the fall.
Esposito : And Zane moves to Hollywood and becomes a movie star.
UNK: AII right, get him in here.
Toro : This what it's gonna be like now I'm on parole?
Toro : Just can't go a day without being harassed by the cops?
Ryan : Not when you set a record for fastest recidivism.
Esposito : You were out all of 10 hours before you murdered Zane.
Toro : See? Soon as I saw the news,
Toro : I knew y'all were gonna hang that on me.
Ryan : Really? That's your response?
UNK: Not "boo-hoo, my stepbrother's dead"?
UNK: Man, screw you. I'm busted up over what happened to Z.
UNK: Nah, you're pissed that he let you take the rap all those years ago.
UNK: Y'all don't know what the hell you're talking about, man.
Toro : I was the big brother.
Toro : I made Z keep his mouth shut on that B and E we pulled, man.
Toro : Told him to make something of himself.
Esposito : Come on, bro, your prison shrink noted that you had a giant hate-on for Zane.
Toro : He abandoned me.
UNK: Man, not one visit.
Toro : No calls.
Toro : Didn't put any money on my books, nothing.
UNK: Just went off to became a star, and he left me to rot.
Ryan : Limo driver said things got pretty heated when he picked you up.
Toro : Yeah. But what the limo driver didn't hear was us squashing our beef.
UNK: Z apologized.
UNK: Said he will set me up for the rest of my life.
Toro : Just had to get his financial problems figured out.