UNK: Oh, that feels so good.
Rachel : Oh, lucky me. Coffee and a live sex show.
UNK: -l'm sorry, what? -l'm sorry.
UNK: -Nothing. l was just reading to Emma. -From Cosmo?
UNK: Yeah. Yeah, it's :
Rachel : ''Climax Your Way to Better Skin.''
UNK: So l have to go shopping today, which is my least favorite thing.
UNK: l'm so bad at picking out clothes.
Joey : So you need someone who knows fashion to tell you what looks good.
Rachel : Not me. Not me. Not me.
Joey : -Oh, hey, Rach? -Yeah?
Joey : -Maybe you could take Charlie shopping? -Oh, well....
UNK: -l'm sure you have better things to do. -You kidding?
Joey : Rachel loves to shop, and she has great taste.
UNK: She's the one that taught me not to wear white after Labor Day...
UNK: ...and to always, always, always put on underwear when trying on clothes.
UNK: lf you have the time, l'd really appreciate the help.
UNK: Okay. Yeah, let's shop.
UNK: Okay, you are gonna come back with some very classy clothes.
Joey : And some slutty lingerie. Slutty!
UNK: Okay, great. All right, bye.
Phoebe : Pain in the ass!
Phoebe : -That's off, right? -What's the matter, Pheebs?
Phoebe : Mike's sister just invited me to a party tonight and he's gonna be there.
UNK: She was like, ''Don't worry. l asked him and he's totally okay with seeing you.''
UNK: So now l have to go so he'll think that l'm totally okay with seeing him.
UNK: -Which you're not. You're hung up on him. -Exactly.
UNK: You want him to eat his heart out, so you have to look fabulous.
UNK: l didn't even think about that.
Phoebe : Sexual politics!
UNK: Pheebs, l'm taking Charlie shopping.
UNK: -Come and l'll help you find something. -That'd be great.
UNK: Oh, isn't that nice? The three of you, trying on slutty lingerie together.
Rachel : -That's not what we're gonna do. -Why'd you ruin it? Who was l hurting?
Chandler : Fortunately, she has a very pretty face.
UNK: l still can't believe this. My uterus is an inhospitable environment?
UNK: l've always tried so hard to be a good hostess.
UNK: l can't believe my sperm have low motility.
UNK: While l was growing up, they sure seemed to be in a hurry to get places.
UNK: Doctor Connelly : -Hi there. -Hi.
UNK: l'm sorry there wasn't better news from your tests last week...
UNK: ...but l wanted to talk to you about your options.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Doctor Connelly : Even though your chances of conceiving through natural means aren't great...
UNK: Doctor Connelly : ...you never know, so keep having sex on a regular basis.
Chandler : Oh, damn it!
Phoebe : Don't worry. After a while, you'll tune it out.
UNK: Doctor Connelly : Given your situation, the options with the greatest chances for success...
UNK: Doctor Connelly : ...would be surrogacy or insemination using a sperm donor.
UNK: lf you feel that neither of those is right for you, you could always adopt.
UNK: ls that a hint?
UNK: Because we love you, Dr. Connelly, but we don't want you to be our child.
UNK: Wow! Talk about an inhospitable environment.
UNK: Hi. Okay, you ready to go pick up Phoebe and go shopping?
Charlie : -Let's do it. -All right, have a good time.
Rachel : Not gonna find any clothes in there.
Ross : -Hey, you guys. -Hi.
Ross : Guess who's up for keynote speaker at the National Paleontology Conference?
UNK: -Chris Bailey? -Yeah, right.
UNK: When was the last time he made a submission deadline for an abstract?