Ross : Why are you laughing?
Joey : Just seeing what it'd be like to be a paleontologist.
UNK: lt's fun. Yeah.
Charlie : So you're up for keynote speaker?
UNK: -Who's deciding? -Professor Sherman.
UNK: -l'm meeting with him today. -He's a pretty tough guy to impress.
UNK: l think l know how to dazzle him.
UNK: You're not gonna to do a magic trick, are you?
UNK: No.
Chandler : -Hey, guys. -l want to ask you something.
UNK: l may get to speak at this paleontology convention.
UNK: lf l do, l'd love for you guys to come and hear me.
UNK: l think l can safely say that we all have family issues, work and/or are sick.
UNK: -lt's in Barbados. -But you come first.
UNK: l'm there.
UNK: -l don't know Ross, l'm not feeling too-- -Barbados is in the Caribbean, Joe.
UNK: Why didn't anybody say so?
UNK: -See you later. -Okay, bye.
UNK: -Bye. See you. -Bye.
Joey : -So how did it go at the fertility clinic? -Not as much fun as last time.
Chandler : Apparently, you only get porn if you're giving a sperm sample.
Ross : So, what did the doctor say?
UNK: There's surrogacy, but Monica's dreamt her whole life of carrying a child...
UNK: ...and she just felt that watching a surrogate would be too hard for her.
Joey : -So you're ruling out surrogacy? -Yeah.
UNK: So l don't have to learn what that means?
Chandler : Aside from adoption, the only other choice is insemination...
Chandler : ...so we're talking about sperm donors.
UNK: Enough said. l'm there for you, man. Where is she, upstairs?
UNK: Your long-standing offer to have sex with my wife is appreciated.
UNK: -But l think l'll pass. -So how do you feel about all this?
UNK: l wish there was an easier way for us to have a child, but there isn't one.
Joey : Come on, Ross, be a good guy. Step up and do it.
UNK: What?
Ross : What?! No! l'm not gonna give them Ben!
Ross : The data we're receiving from MRl scans and DNA testing...
UNK: ...of these fossils are staggering.
UNK: l mean, we've been accepting Leakey's dates as a given.
Ross : But if they're off by even a 1 00,000 years or so...
UNK: ...then you can just throw most of our assumptions...
Ross : ...you know, right in the trash.
UNK: So, what l'm saying is....
UNK: ls that....
UNK: ls that repercussions could be huge.
UNK: l mean, not just in paleontology, but if you think about it...
Ross : ...in evolutionary biology, genetics, geology.
UNK: l mean, truly, the mind boggles.
UNK: Well, that's not what you want.
UNK: -lncentive for Men? -l'll take some of that.
Rachel : -Pheebs, that's for men. -l know.
UNK: When l go to the party later...
UNK: ...Mike will know l'm over him because l'll smell like another guy.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Oh, good, l'm dating a Russian cabdriver.
Phoebe : Seriously, does anyone buy this? l smell like beets.
UNK: l really like those jackets with the shoulder pads in them. Where are those?
UNK: On Melanie Griffith in Working Girl.
UNK: l think what you want is over here.
UNK: See, l told you l needed someone.
UNK: By the way, as a thank you, l would really love to take you out.
UNK: -Really? -Joey and l are going to a movie tonight.