UNK: You might wanna take a look at that.
UNK: Her name is Victoria Matsen, or at least that's the one she used then.
UNK: Any hospital with a record of treating her should be sending that information.
Foreman : Oh, crap!
Foreman : Her blood work came back an hour ago. Magnesium was normal.
UNK: Did you change her banana bag? Stopped the magnesium, started iron dextran for severe anemia.
Foreman : She's allergic to iron dextran.
Chase : Grab some epi off the code cart.
Chase : Respiratory arrest. Call a code!
UNK: You're having an allergic reaction. Can you speak?
Chase : She's not getting any air.
Chase : Got the epi.
UNK: - Sats are down in the 80s and dropping. - We have about another minute.
Foreman : Well, we got her sedated and stabilized.
UNK: And you still think there's nothing wrong with her? Nothing's changed.
UNK: You almost killed her. That's different.
House : And we know who she is.
Cameron : So far, we've heard from three hospitals with records on Victoria Matsen.
Cameron : Seven visits going back two years.
UNK: Any home addresses? - The pin in her arm went in during an E.R. visit.
Cameron : She wasn't conscious, so they didn't get an address.
Cameron : - The other visits, she gave fake addresses. - Any treatment for neurological problems?
Wilson : Anything that might explain the twitch?
Cameron : Last winter, Jefferson Hospital in Philly. Got treated for frostbite.
Foreman : Baby, it's cold outside.
Cameron : And depression. They put her on Prozac.
Wilson : Well, I'd be bummed out too. Zero degrees, living in a box.
House : Put her back on it. She cheers up, she might stop biting people.
Chase : There's a billing record from Hartman Hospital last year. Two appointments, ultrasounds.
Chase : Doesn't say what for. Pregnant?
UNK: Well, only if she was expecting an elephant.
UNK: Appointments were ten months apart.
Chase : Kept the first, blew off the second.
Wilson : Abdominal pain.
UNK: - Her chart doesn't say... - Wait a minute.
Wilson : She goes in the first time.
Wilson : They look, they can't find anything. Ten months later, why should she subject herself to that again?
Foreman : Why make a second appointment? She didn't.
Wilson : The nurse made the appointment.
Wilson : They were looking... They were looking for ovarian cancer.
Foreman : You got all of that from one canceled appointment?
UNK: With Jerry Lauseng, yeah. He's an oncologist.
Chase : Hang on. Her current blood work doesn't show cancer. C.A. 125 is normal.
Foreman : And the cancer wouldn't account for the alleged twitch or any of her other alleged symptoms.
House : Actually, it would.
House : Neoplastic syndrome associated with the cancer...
House : could cause her to twitch like a bunny on crystal meth.
House : Ultrasound her ovaries.
Cuddy : - Did you find a brain tumor on her M.R.I.? - No. Foreman was wrong.
House : I'm starting to wonder about that guy's medical chops. Right.
Cuddy : - Shelley Diamond. - Yeah.
Cuddy : Dr. House is ready to see you now.
Shelley : The little ones are licking each other again, and Harry's got a seeping wart on his extra toe.
Shelley : What room should we go to?