Wilson : Homeless. Admitted 24 hours ago with a suspected drug overdose.
Wilson : Her tox screen's clean, but she's still delusional.
UNK: "Homeless". Usually means crazy, no money.
UNK: Cuddy's not gonna be... We're a teaching hospital.
Wilson : No ID. Doesn't even seem to know her name.
Wilson : I got called in because of some lesions on her arm.
UNK: Homeless always means no roof. Leads to too much sun. No, the lesions were noncancerous.
Wilson : But I noticed a twitch. Her wrist.
Foreman : You feel that?
Jane : Sure. I'm human.
Foreman : Make a fist around my fingers as tight as you can.
UNK: Squeeze. I am.
Foreman : All right.
Foreman : Raise your arms above your head for me.
Wilson : She's seizing.
UNK: Get me some Ativan. - She doesn't wanna be discharged. She's manipulating you.
Wilson : It's real. Check a finger stick.
Foreman : - Blood sugar's 38. - I need D-50 I.V. push, stat.
Wilson : Fake low blood sugar. Now, that's acting.
Foreman : The blood sugar was real.
Foreman : She's probably diabetic. O.D.'d on her own insulin.
UNK: Room 2032. Do you have her effects out here?
Foreman : Look, a seizure buys her a place to sleep while the nice doctors run their tests.
Foreman : Maybe a few free meals.
UNK: Twenty bucks says there's insulin in there.
UNK: Oh! Wow. Put this back, please.
Wilson : What about the twitch? Her arm moved.
Wilson : Why fake a twitch? In case the seizure was too subtle?
UNK: The twitch could indicate a tumor, which could indicate...
UNK: A need to see a neurologist, which is why you called me.
UNK: Keep an eye on her till 2 : 00 p.m. Watch her blood sugar, give her a nice hot lunch.
UNK: Then discharge her.
Wilson : - He's wrong. - Foreman is wrong?
House : The neurologist is wrong about a neurological problem.
Wilson : He took one look at her and figured it was a scam.
House : So you figure he's not being objective.
Wilson : House, the woman had a twitch. She had a seizure.
House : Both of which Foreman saw? He just wanted her out the door!
UNK: Whoa, whoa, whoa! Back up there, big fella.
House : Foreman's the guy you wanna take a swing at.
Wilson : I just want her to get some medical attention.
House : That's not even close to being true.
UNK: It's something else. Something personal.
House : Give me the file.
House : Looks like this'll be fun.
Cameron : The twitch could be a miniseizure, unrelated to the diabetes.
Chase : Brain tumor?
House : Glad you could join us, Eric.
House : What's the differential for a twitch in the wrist?
UNK: The patient's a 30-ish Jane Doe. I thought I just discharged her.
Wilson : Well, she's my patient. No harm in a second opinion.
Chase : A blow to the head? A subdural hematoma?
Foreman : Read the file. No evidence of cranial trauma.
Cameron : - A twitch could indicate a brain tumor. - Or about a dozen other things!
Foreman : Come on. There's two things homeless people are good at...
Foreman : Getting sick and running scams.
Foreman : If you're so worried about it being a brain tumor, get her an M.R.I.
Foreman : When she's clear on that, then you can bounce her out of here. - Well, you've got her all figured out.
Foreman : I've known a lot more homeless people than you have. - Yes, you've got that going for you.
Wilson : How could I have doubted your medical opinion?
House : The big question. You're missing it, all of you.