UNK: Thirty-four civilian casualties. Six kids.
Foreman : There'll be MPs stationed at every entrance to the second floor,
Foreman : as well as outside his patient room.
House : No. Don't do that.
House : Every time there's people in uniform in the cafeteria, they get served first.
Foreman : Make sure your IDs are clearly visible.
Foreman : I'll speak with the cafeteria staff about showing more disrespect.
UNK: 20-year-old male. Generalized tonic clonic seizures.
Foreman : Army docs scanned for structural abnormalities.
Foreman : EEG was normal, so was...
House : Do you need me to sign for this?
Foreman : Let me know if you need anything.
Foreman : Like a transfer.
UNK: Typhus?
House : Patient has no hair. Probably means no lice.
UNK: Leishmaniasis?
Park : No fever. Why couldn't they take care of him at a military hospital?
House : I think because they wanted to annoy you.
House : Any other conscientious objectors?
Park : So I'm the only one who has a problem with someone
UNK: whose duty is to protect our country blowing...
House : Blowing the whistle is honorable, precisely because it's not dutiful.
UNK: I'm sorry, you said "blowing." Maybe you were going somewhere else with that?
Park : He's a coward.
Adams : He risked his freedom.
Park : He anonymously downloaded a computer file from a secure page
Park : and uploaded it to an unsecure page.
Park : Not exactly storming Omaha Beach.
Park : EEG was normal because he was faking it to avoid going to prison.
House : Let's treat him with not-medicine.
Adams : Give those back. Come on.
House : You got 28. You can share.
Adams : Somethings going on with House. He just seemed off.
Adams : Didn't even notice that I walked out of the room with this.
Chase : You began to suspect he was off
Chase : when he didn't notice the mug you stole to see if he was off'?
Chase : What else didn't he notice that you don't want us to notice?
Park : Those are the same clothes you wore yesterday.
Taub : And you got very defensive when House took your birth control.
Chase : Who was he? Or better yet, she?
Adams : Do I need to explain the physiology behind birth control?
Adams : Attention deficit in a man who has no attention deficits
Adams : has to be symptomatic of something.
Taub : You're right. I'm thinking either massive brain tumor,
Taub : or his soap got canceled and he's distracted.
UNK: Could be dietary, Ref sum.
Park : Or maybe he thinks you just have more than one non-descript, white blouse.
Adams : Or serotonin syndrome?
Adams : I'm not saying he's definitely sick,
Adams : I'm just saying we should look into it.
Chase : No, we shouldn't.
Chase : If you believe House is sick,
Chase : it's only because that's what he wants you to believe.
Park : Let's go.
Adams : We think the long flight home allowed clots to form in your leg.
Adams : Take this pill.
Adams : If you feel any numbness in your leg after a few minutes,
Adams : it means we're right.
Adams : You should get comfortable because you're gonna be here for a while.
Park : While we wait, can you tell me why?
Brant : It was the right thing to do.
Park : There are reports that insurgents are using your video to recruit new members.