House : I am completely baffled.
UNK: College Kid : I only had eight beers.
UNK: College Kid : Sophomore class pong tournament's in a week.
UNK: College Kid : I'm working on my tolerance.
House : Hop on one foot and sing the iCarly theme song.
House : Like you don't know it.
House : Damn it, man, can't you see I'm doctoring'?
House : If you want to talk to me' you can buy me a sandwich in an hour.
UNK: Or I can just hover here until you're done.
House : Heard enough. Just never could figure out the "breathe air" part.
House : Next year, stick to whiskey.
House : Or at least stay away from week-old green beers.
House : A lot less likely to contain tartrazine-laced green food dyes
House : for which you apparently have an intolerance.
UNK: Once you break the seal, should be out of your system in 48 hours.
House : What are my choices here? If I tell you I'm fine, you won't believe me.
Wilson : I've scheduled a liver function test.
House : If I ignore you, then you'll just ignore my ignoring.
House : Which is rude, frankly.
Wilson : Depending on the results, we'll customize a treatment plan.
House : If I tell you I think I'm sick and I need your help
UNK: and we need to setup a time to talk about it, you'll just assume I'm lying.
House : Again, rude. Also hurtful.
Wilson : Why is it that you can find the smallest thing wrong with anyone else,
Wilson : but when it comes to you...
House : I really don't have a choice here, do I?
Park : No. You don't.
UNK: I'm on the list He's not.
Wilson : You can't ignore me forever.
UNK: Well, if you're right it's not gonna be all that long.
House : Do it slow.
Brant : Who are you?
House : Well, considering the only people allowed in this room
House : are your doctors and your family,
House : I'm your long-lost cousin Ralph.
House : So glad to finally meet you.
UNK: Are you going to check on me?
House : It's gonna be at least two hours until we can tell if the heparin's working.
Brant : Then what are you doing here?
House : My father taught me
House : that it's dishonorable to interrupt someone while they're reading.
UNK: Honor is not a punch line.
Brant : Get out of my room.
House : So, was it worth it?
House : Best case, you spend the rest of your life in Leavenworth.
House : Worst case' you spend the rest of your life here.
Brant : Justice for 34 deaths outweighs anything the Army can do to me.
House : They got justice? Do they know that?
UNK: What if only 10 people had died? Four?
UNK: Even one civilian death is...
UNK: What if they had just maimed a few guys. Would that have been worth it?
Brant : My job was to log that tape,
Brant : get all the details in the official record.
UNK: After the 10th time of watching it,
Brant : I stopped trying to convince myself
Brant : that the shovel could have been mistaken for a gun
UNK: because all I could see were the victims' faces.
Brant : All I was doing was trying to read that kid's lips to make out his last words.
Brant : I couldn't sleep.
Brant : Couldn't eat.
Brant : Think I like the cue ball look?
Brant : My hair turned gray in three days.
Brant : My body was telling me I had to do whatever I could
Brant : to make sure that something like this never happened again.
House : Your hair turned gray in three days?
House : Loss of hair color indicates an autoimmune condition, likely Graves disease.
House : Hyperthyroidism leads to a hypercoagulable state
House : which causes thrombosis.
House : Start him on anti-thyroids.
Adams : You want to reject our current diagnosis
Adams : because he had a few gray hairs,
Adams : panicked and shaved his head?
House : I want to reject our current diagnosis because I think we're wrong
House : and treating for wrong diagnoses
House : can result in side effects, like death.
UNK: Even if he did fully go gray, stress seems Way more likely than Graves.
House : I haven't read any journal articles proving that veterans
House : have a higher incidence of depigmentation.
UNK: But, of course, that could be the hepatic encephalopathy talking.
Chase : Our treatment for Bernard Soulier hasn't had“.
UNK: So you all want to just ignore the new symptom?
Adams : It's not Graves because it's not a symptom at all.
Adams : And the anti-thyroids you want
Adams : could reduce his blood pressure and his ability to breathe,