UNK: A compulsive addiction to nose-picking.
UNK: A small out on the inside of the left nostril
Wilson : led to an infection in the cavernous sinus.
Gloria : It was very nice meeting you, Mel.
Mel : It's not true.
Mel : Gloria, wait. I can change.
Adams : My PPTH contract
Adams : House signed it six months ago. He signed this today.
Adams : His hands are unsteady.
Adams : Given his Vicodin abuse, I think he has hepatic encephalopathy.
Adams : He's been forgetful, inattentive...
Wilson : Dominika's been trying out new knish recipes.
Wilson : One of them didn't agree with him.
Wilson : A little sleep deprivation could account for his forgetfulness and inattention.
Wilson : He loads up on caffeine, that explains a jittery hand.
UNK: Maybe.
Adams : But if I'm right, his liver's in decline.
Adams : It's curable, but if he doesn't get treatment, it could actually be fatal.
Wilson : This happens all the time.
Wilson : One of the symptoms of working for House,
Wilson : you start seeing zebras everywhere.
Wilson : There's nothing wrong with him.
UNK: House.
House : Shh! I'm with a patient.
House : Sleep study.
Wilson : You drugged him?
UNK: Well, I didn't say the study was voluntary.
Wilson : I think you're sick.
UNK: What? Because I'm sleeping in the clinic, like I always do?
Wilson : Slow reaction time.
House : Because I just woke up from sleeping in the clinic, like I always do.
Wilson : You're forgetful.
House : Sorry, what did you say?
Wilson : You forgot that we were supposed to have lunch.
House : I didn't forget. I was sleeping in the clinic...
Wilson : I'd like to run some tests.
House : For what? Where is this coming from?
Adams : Hepatic encephalopathy.
Wilson : I've watched you destroy your body with Vicodin for years.
Wilson : I'm surprised your liver's lasted this long.
Wilson : I'll do the examination myself.
House : While having you juggle my jewels sounds interesting,
House : there's no such thing as friends with benefits.
House : It always gets weird.
Chase : Your friends out there are getting a little handsy.
Brant : Get enough death threats, eventually they start taking them seriously.
Hayes : A convoy was hit outside of Kunar Province.
Hayes : Eight American soldiers were killed.
Brant : Army spokesperson's claiming that it's revenge for the attack that I made public.
Brant : Better me take the blame than them.
Park : You don't think you're to blame at all?
Brant : And you do? Like everyone else.
Brant : A strike like that would take more than three days to plan.
Hayes : So the next one might be your fault?