Taub : is because he's convinced his son,
Taub : the kid's father, had his stolen as well.
Taub : He beat his boss to death.
Taub : The dad didn't move away, he's in prison.
Adams : PTSD could definitely cause breathing problems and...
Park : It's not PTSD.
Adams : Even if the kid wasn't there,
Adams : just hearing what the dad did...
Park : But he hasn't.
Park : It happened when he was two, and all he's ever been told
Park : is that his parents divorced and his dad moved away.
Chase : The heart thing indicates a malignant arrhythmia.
Chase : He needs an EP study.
House : How many of the other files showed malignant arrhythmias?
Chase : - None. - Then forget the EP.
Taub : What about acute pericarditis?
UNK: Explains the dyspnoea.
House : How many of the other files...
Taub : It's exacerbated by lying supine,
Taub : so the symptoms would get worse when he goes to sleep.
Taub : Just like all 100 of the others.
House : Do an echo to check the pericardium.
House : See if you can find any cardio-active toxins in the home samples.
Park : Can I just say that I very much enjoy my job?
House : No need to apologize for your earlier behavior.
UNK: The floss was mint, probably because of this green G-string
House : she hangs up to dry in the bathroom.
Wilson : My watch must have stopped. Apparently it's already "never".
House : You might want to forward your calls.
House : You do not want the Reader's Digest version on this.
House : There was a very tight hygienist's uniform,
House : suggestive use of a water sprayer...
Wilson : The floss isn't sex. It's guilt.
Wilson : It's tying you up for throwing away the INS notification
Wilson : granting Dominika her citizenship.
Wilson : She can move out but she still doesn't know it,
Wilson : which means you're basically holding her prisoner.
Wilson : Tell her the truth and leave me alone.
UNK: Really? What?
Park : You startled me.
Chase : We work together every day, usually under a fair amount of stress.
UNK: It's only natural I pop into a subconscious thought every once in a while.
Park : Have you ever dreamt about having sex with me?
UNK: No.
Park : You paused.
Chase : No, I didn't. You think I'm lying?
Park : No. I think you were fighting the urge to snap the word "no"
Park : because your subconscious finds the idea abhorrent.
Chase : So if I snap it's offensive,
Chase : and if I don't snap it's offensive for the exact same reason?
Park : Talk to your subconscious.
Chase : This is becoming weird because you're making it weird.
Park : So you don't find the idea abhorrent?
Chase : I work with you. I don't have to answer that question.
Park : You just did.
Park : What happened?
Taub : Echo was negative but he has severe abdominal pain.
Adams : Ultrasound didn't suggest any intestinal blockages,
Adams : but he's severely constipated.
Park : No spores, clostridium, or organic toxins in the kitchen samples.
Park : Nothing in the bedroom either.
Adams : We need to scope him and we're gonna need to clear his bowel first.
Chase : We should biopsy his thyroid.
Adams : For an impacted bowel?
UNK: Hashimotds thyroiditis would explain
Chase : his lung, heart and intestinal involvement.
Chase : And if you think we still need House's approval,
Chase : it also explains dying in his sleep.
Park : Nice call.
Dominika : When you invite me for dinner, I thought maybe you take me to a restaurant.