House : You ever shot anyone?
UNK: No. Getaway.
Adams : Look, this needle isn't nearly as big as the one in your arm,
Adams : and that didn't hurt did it?
Lue : I don't want it. They need to do it, Lue.
Taub : You'll only feel a little pinch
Taub : as we give you the numbing medicine.
Taub : After that you won't feel a thing.
UNK: No!
Lida : Lue, calm down, it's gonna be okay.
Adams : What's he saying? What's the problem?
Lida : I don't know.
UNK: He's saying ifs too late.
Xang : There's nothing we can do.
Xang : It's Hmong.
Lida : He doesn't speak Hmong. He's never even heard it.
Xang : It isn't him speaking.
Xang : It's the dab.
Taub : He's seizing.
Lida : Oh, my God!
UNK: Need some Iorazepam in here!
Chase : Seizure rules out Hashimoto's.
Taub : Yeah, that's the issue.
Taub : Not that we have no rational explanation
House : I've got one.
House : It means "you're a bunch of pathetic idiots" in Hmong.
House : Or it doesn't.
House : But you wouldn't know because none of you speak Hmong.
House : Kid, on the other hand, is presumably fluent in gibberish.
Adams : The grandfather speaks Hmong. He translated.
House : He heard what he wanted to hear
UNK: because if his grandson really is possessed,
House : that means his son really is possessed,
House : which is a giant step up from being a sledge-hammering psychopath.
Chase : Whatever it was preceded a seizure.
Chase : It's obviously a neurological symptom.
Park : Scleroderma, advanced to the point that it's affecting his brain?
UNK: Interesting.
Chase : So we should start treating with...
House : Interesting that you keep falling for it when I say, "Interesting."
House : The scleroderma part was idiotic.
House : We'd have seen skin involvement.
House : The interesting part is that you and Park agree
UNK: but you're notable to look at each other.
Chase : Um... I'm looking at her.
Park : I'm looking at him.
House : Good. Now lick your lips.
Adams : Rasmussen's encephalitis.
Adams : Diffuse spotty inflammation could hit the autonomic centers of the brain.
UNK: That's Hmong for "get an MRI to confirm."
Adams : Rasmussen's encephalitis?
Lida : But he'll be okay?
Chase : With treatment, it's manageable.
Chase : And it explains all the things that have happened to him'?
Chase : We think so... You're wrong.
Xang : And you're wasting my grandson's time.
Chase : Neurological issues can cause a person to speak in tongues,
Chase : speak with an accent...
Xang : He wasn't speaking in tongues.
Chase : In times of stress, our senses can fool us into believing...
Xang : I know the difference between science and faith.
Xang : And when my son started having the same dreams my grandson is having'
Xang : science couldn't help him.
Chase : I'm sorry if your son suffered from mental illness, but...
Xang : Kao was not crazy.
Xang : He was bright, caring, happy.
Xang : Until the bad dreams came.
Xang : I don't want to watch it happen again.
Chase : Please don't scare the boy.