House : More likely,
UNK: and by "likely", I mean rationally, it was the other way around.
Park : His brain felt the pain in his neck,
House : created the dream to explain it.
UNK: Coagulopathy.
Adams : Lung problems cause a clotting disturbance.
Park : He would have bruises everywhere.
Taub : Is it really preposterous
Taub : that dreams can have physical manifestations?
UNK: The short answer is...
Taub : Thoughts during sleep can and do cause physical changes.
House : Is that right, Dr. Park?
House : Did you wake up this morning experiencing physical changes?
UNK: It's medically relevant. Her dream doesn't mean anything.
Chase : Can we start acting like it doesn't mean anything?
House : Sure. We could also start acting
House : like walls don't mean anything.
House : But then we'd hurt our noses.
House : You've been taking the high road.
House : You haven't been teasing in an obviously teasable situation
House : because you know it does mean something.
House : She hates the dream because it makes her feel vulnerable.
House : You love the dream because it makes you feel superior.
House : The poor lass who can't help but fall sway to your charms,
House : and you're bestowing upon her the gift of illusory irrelevance.
Taub : Can you please hint to House that you had a sex dream?
Taub : I'd really prefer not to get distracted
Taub : with trying to cure the patient today.
Adams : I refuse to divulge my dreams about girl-on-girl loofa action.
Adams : The bruising could indicate anemia,
Adams : a vitamin C deficiency, or even leukemia.
House : That is so weird that you and I had the same dream.
House : I assume yours also ends with me achieving ecstasy
House : while simultaneously placing third in the New York City Marathon.
UNK: Third?
House : I'm a realist.
House : Liver failure can cause gibberish
House : from encephalopathy, constipation,
UNK: bruising, and breathing problems.
Adams : Hepatic fibrosis could hit someone his age.
House : So let's hit his liver. Get a biopsy.
Adams : Angle a bit more superiorly.
Lida : He keeps having these nightmares that become real.
Lida : They really hurt him.
Lida : I don't want to believe that a nightmare can do that, but...
Taub : I'm struggling with it, too. But these things can be explained medically.
Lida : But you haven't.
Lida : Every doctor, every idea they've had,
Lida : it's been wrong.
Park : Liver biopsy's back. Team's about to meet.
UNK: You're back to avoiding eye contact with me?
Chase : House got to you again?
Park : Want me to gaze longingly into your eyes
Park : as I tell you the test results?
Chase : I want you to treat me like a friend.
Wilson : Which means getting over the fact
Chase : that you like me more than I like you.
Park : Yeah, egotism and preening really turn me on.
Chase : Too bad I'm not attracted to androgyny
Chase : and self-pity or you'd have it made.
Park : Because anyone who hasn't gotten wet from your petri dish of STDs
Park : clearly has low self-esteem.
UNK: Bitch.
UNK: Dick.
Chase : Why didn't your lips move when you said that?
UNK: Chase, are you coming?
UNK: The liver biopsy's back.