House : You seen Wilson around?
Foreman : The dreams are about an ugly old hag trying to strangle him.
Foreman : The family's Hmong.
UNK: SUNDS.
House : Sudden unexpected nocturnal death syndrome.
House : AKA BS name for, "No one's figured out why they died."
House : Over 100 in the early '80s,
House : only male, only Hmong.
House : Healthy right up until the moment they died in their sleep.
Chase : What was he dreaming about? It doesn't matter.
Park : It's a dream. It doesn't mean anything.
Chase : If the nightmare's scary enough, meaningful or not,
Chase : it could cause a catecholamine surge and ventricular fibrillation.
Chase : An ancient demon, called a dab,
Chase : was sitting on him, strangling him.
Chase : Think that qualifies.
Taub : Except in the rational part of the file
Taub : where it says his EKG's within normal limits. It's not his heart.
Adams : What about obstructive sleep apnoea?
UNK: Sleep apnoea wouldn't have caused
House : breathing problems after he woke up.
House : What did you dream of?
Park : I never remember my dreams.
House : But you're certain that they're insignificant.
House : Defensively so.
Park : I was defending science.
House : You were defensively defending science.
Park : Lung damage from inhaled toxins
Park : could keep causing problems after he woke up.
Adams : Or an upper respiratory infection.
House : Okay. Chase and Park, start IV antibiotics for pneumonia.
House : Taub and Adams, go check the home for toxins.
UNK: Can I go with Taub?
Park : It was my idea.
UNK: Right.
House : 'Cause for a moment there I thought
House : you were uncomfortable around Chase
UNK: because you had a nocturnal Australian.
House : You can go with whoever you want.
House : But all of you, read all of these files.
Chase : Do you believe a spirit could be hurting your son'?
Lida : No, of course not.
Chase : Because if he's been taught to believe that,
Chase : it is possible for the fear alone to affect heart function.
Lida : I'm an engineer. I know illnesses aren't caused by evil spirits.
Chase : I'm sorry. I didn't mean to, I just had to check.
Lida : Anything else you need to check?
UNK: No.
House : I had a dream.
Wilson : House, we can talk later.
House : Relax, I'm a doctor.
House : Your spectacular breasts mean nothing to me.
Wilson : House. House.
UNK: Later.
House : I had sex with Dominika.
Wilson : In a dream?
House : It wasn't literally sex. Technically, it was flossing,
UNK: but you know, teeth, testicles.
House : I think the symbolism is pretty clear.
Wilson : "Later" just changed to "never".