Sophia : I heard you hit the same dead end with Blakely as we did.
Sophia : I thought you might be able to try this.
Sophia : It's what Blakely was looking for at the pier.
UNK: We found it in a go-bag with plane tickets, cash and some fake IDs.
CASTLE : Account numbers.
Sophia : All from domestic banks, and since Blakely was a US citizen...
Castle : You're prohibited from looking into them.
Sophia : But you guys aren't.
Sophia : And those accounts may contain clues as to who hired him.
UNK: I'm assuming you still want to know how the story ends.
Sophia : Just keep me in the loop this time.
Sophia : And, Rick,
Sophia : try not to get killed.
Sophia : I'm still quite fond of you.
Castle : Where are the boys?
Beckett : They're canvassing chess parks,
Beckett : looking for anyone that knew Blakely.
UNK: And why aren't you with them?
Beckett : Because my car is at the bottom of the Hudson,
Beckett : and Gates won't issue me another one
Beckett : until I write up an incident report,
Beckett : which I can't do because this case is classified.
UNK: CHUCKLES
UNK: What? Nothing.
UNK: It's just that's a perfect example of a linchpin.
Sophia : This case might go unsolved,
Castle : all because you don't have access to a car.
Beckett : Don't make me shoot you.
Castle : Well, if you shoot me, who's gonna help you follow this lead?
Castle : Blakely's bank account information.
UNK: It's what he was going for up on the pier.
Castle : If we can track his money...
Beckett : Where did you get that?
UNK: Sophia.
Castle : She came to my place last night. Not like that.
Beckett : No, of course.
UNK: So, then, what happened to "reckless, immature, self-centered jackass"?
UNK: She was posturing for her colleagues.
Castle : Beckett, it's a lead.
Castle : She wants us on the case.
RYAN : What do you think this is about?
ESPOSITO : Smells like an intelligence op.
Ryan : CIA? NSA? DHS?
Esposito : Same letters, different alphabet.
Esposito : I had some buddies from the service volunteer for intelligence ops.
UNK: Yeah? How'd they like it?
Esposito : They all died.
UNK: SIGHS
UNK: Hey, guys. Do you recognize this man?
Man : Matter of fact, I do.
UNK: He comes to the park two or three times a week, looks for games.
Castle : What do you know about him?
Man : He's a crazy chess player.
Man : Makes some weird moves, like sacrificing his queen,
Man : just to see what happens.
Man : He always wins, though.
Epsosito : Do you know his name?
Man : Scott or something like that.
Man : But if you want to know about this guy, you should talk to Jani.
UNK: Jani? Who's Jani?
Man : Another player.
Man : Him and your guy been spending a lot of time together lately.
Beckett : So Blakely had over $2 million in six accounts,
Beckett : and none of them under his real name.
Beckett : Deposits were made by non-profits, aid groups,
UNK: environmental organizations.
Castle : So if those were his secret consulting accounts,
Castle : it's possible that one of those payments was for Operation Pandora.
UNK: Exactly.
UNK: These two, deposits of half a million dollars each.
Beckett : This one was from three months ago,
Beckett : and this one was from a week ago.
Castle : His start and finish payments.
Beckett : Both from offshore accounts, but they're closed. It's a dead end.
Esposito : Yo, we may have a lead on Blakely.
Esposito : Guy in the park said he's been spending time with this man.
UNK: Janacek Spivey, two-time national chess champion,
Esposito : now an economics professor at The School of International Affairs.
Esposito : An economics professor? You think it's related?
Esposito : Well, I don't know if this helps,
Esposito : but the guy is also an advisor to the IMF, the UN Economics Council,
Esposito : and the Congressional Finance Committee.
SPIVEY : Yeah, that's him.
Yanni : But he said his name was McGregor, not Blakely.
Castle : What do you know about him?
Yanni : He was a hell of a chess player.
Yanni : It seemed like he knew every move I was gonna make before I made it.