Castle : That whole sinking car thing?
UNK: Much cooler in the movies than it is in real life.
Beckett : And for the record, I prefer watching spy thrillers to being in them.
UNK: Javier Esposito : So, tell me, how can your victim look like Nelson Blakely
UNK: Javier Esposito : when he supposedly died 10 years ago?
UNK: Yeah...
UNK: Getting weird, isn't it?
Esposito : Yeah, weird.
Esposito : Fake deaths, car in the water.
UNK: Don't you think now is a good time to tell us what the hell's going on?
Beckett : I'm sorry, Javi. It's classified.
Esposito : I was Special Forces.
Esposito : I used to eat classified for breakfast, and yet writer boy can know?
Esposito : Okay. I'll be over there with Harbor Patrol
Esposito : trying to figure out how to get your unit out of the drink.
Esposito : I'm glad you're okay.
Beckett : Thank you. Mmm-hmm.
Esposito : Writer boy?
Castle : So you think our shooter was Gage?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: I think he's getting rid of anyone that could expose his rogue operations.
Castle : Well, he's doing a pretty good job.
Castle : We still have no idea what Pandora is.
Beckett : Well, we know that Blakely was afraid.
Beckett : And we know that he was working on something that was big enough
Beckett : to threaten the future of this country.
Castle : We just don't know what the hell he was working on.
Beckett : There's gotta be a clue somewhere in his life.
Beckett : Maybe there's something on the body that will tell us.
UNK: Alexis Castle : No, we checked. There was nothing in his pockets.
UNK: Lanie Parish : But the way they were turned out makes me think
UNK: Lanie Parish : someone went through and emptied them.
UNK: Gage.
BECKETT : Ryan, get some teams to search the building.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : What are we looking for?
Beckett : I don't know, but he brought us here for a reason.
Beckett : Lanie, see what you can find on him.
Beckett : Dental, scars, prints, tattoos. Anything that might tell us...
UNK: SIGHS
UNK: Sophia Turner : He's dead. CASTLE : Yeah.
Castle : Look, I can explain.
Sophia : Get in the car.
Sophia : What the hell did you think you were doing?
Castle : What you wanted. Finding Blakely.
Sophia : You cracked his code, and you didn't even think to notify me?
Beckett : Look, in Castle's defense, it was a long shot.
Beckett : And he didn't want to waste your time if he was wrong.
Beckett : And we were bringing the guy in...
Sophia : When he was killed. In your custody.
MARTIN : What were you doing at the docks?
Castle : He asked us to take him there. Why?
Beckett : We don't know.
Sophia : Well, did you learn anything?
Castle : Yes. He was hired to analyze the United States for vulnerabilities.
Castle : He said he found a weakness in our economy,