Sophia : And you've put this investigation at risk.
Castle : Look, I'm sorry... You're sorry?
UNK: We are on the verge of the next 9/11 or worse.
Sophia : This isn't one of your damn books, Rick.
Sophia : This is real life, and when things go bad,
UNK: you can't just rewrite the ending like you did with us.
Sophia : Get them both out of here.
UNK: So, you slept with her?
Castle : Yeah, yeah.
Castle : Yeah, I slept with her.
Beckett : Have there been others?
UNK: Women? Muses.
UNK: No. Why?
UNK: I just wanted to see how big the club was, that's all.
Beckett : Hey, guys, what do you got?
UNK: Okay, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. First off, there is no club.
Castle : And second, we're off the case, if you recall?
Beckett : We're off their case. I still have a murder to solve.
UNK: Where your chief suspect is smack-dab in the middle of a CIA operation.
Beckett : I don't care what he's in the middle of.
Beckett : Thomas Gage killed three people,
Beckett : one of them was in my custody,
Beckett : he locked us in a trunk,
Beckett : and then he sent my cruiser to the bottom of the Hudson.
Castle : Gage is a trained covert operative.
Castle : There's no way you can catch him.
Beckett : Yes, I can. If I figure out where he was going.
Beckett : We find out what Blakely was working on, we find the linchpin.
Beckett : We find the linchpin, we find Gage.
Beckett : Anything on the warehouse?
Ryan : Yeah, right after you guys left,
Ryan : the feds showed up and shut us down.
Esposito : But we did find something on your vic, Nelson Blakely.
Esposito : His prints came back as a Scott McGregor from Long Island City.
UNK: Problem is, McGregor seems to only exist on paper.
Ryan : We can't find any trace of him in the real world.
Beckett : Did you guys send units to the listed address?
RYAN : Yeah, and the family living there had never heard of him.
UNK: And no one recognized his photo.
Beckett : Well, someone must have known him.
Castle : Someone did. He plays chess. That's not a solo sport.
Beckett : I thought you were off the case.
UNK: Well, you heard what Sophia said.
Castle : I'm a reckless, immature, self-centered jackass.
Castle : If you're stubborn enough to keep going,
Castle : I'm stupid enough to go with you.
Beckett : All right, you guys canvass all of the chess parks in the city.
Beckett : Let's see if we can dig up some of his opponents.
UNK: PHONE RINGS
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: What?
Castle : What do you mean the body never arrived?
Lanie : They intercepted it at transport.
Lanie : Apparently they had a court order.
Castle : That's impossible. How could they get a court order that fast?
Beckett : I don't know. Maybe you should ask your girlfriend.
UNK: Girlfriend?
Castle : Yes! Okay? We slept together.
Castle : It was a long time ago. What's the big deal?