UNK: Well, those things that drove us crazy about each other.
Sophia : I mean, you know how he can be.
Beckett : Yeah. Yeah, I do.
Sophia : Sometimes I wish we had never slept together.
Sophia : Had kept that longing.
UNK: Even your coffee mugs say "CIA." That is so cool.
SOPHIA : Well, we save the world, maybe I'll let you keep one.
Castle : Ah, incentive.
UNK: BEEPING
UNK: Tech 3 : just outside the city of Hangzhou.
Castle : That's near Shanghai.
Sophia : Pull up all school uniform insignias from that region.
Beckett : Wait, right there in the top right corner. They're the same color.
UNK: Shanghai Number 12 Girls' School. Do they have a website?
UNK: Tech 1 : It's password protected. Picking the lock now.
SOPHIA : Hack into their photo archives and run facial rec.
Sophia : Bring up the captions and compare.
UNK: Tech 1 : Got her. Mia Ganghong.
Sophia : What do we know about her?
UNK: Tech 1 : Not much, just that she's the daughter of Xiang and Biyu Ganghong.
Sophia : Xiang Ganghong?
Castle : Who's Xiang Ganghong?
Sophia : He's a Chinese businessman with close ties to the Finance Minister
Sophia : and members of the ruling party.
Beckett : Why is his daughter targeted?
Sophia : Xiang is a king maker.
Sophia : He's extremely influential in shaping his government's economic policy.
Sophia : He made his fortune selling Chinese military hardware,
Sophia : sometimes to our enemies, but we left him alone
Sophia : because he was supportive of China's purchase of US debt.
Sophia : Now, if someone were to take out Xiang,
Sophia : not that much would change.
Sophia : But if his daughter were killed in a botched assassination attempt,
Sophia : and the Chinese were able to trace it back to the US government...
UNK: The trail that led to Gage.
Sophia : It's conceivable that Xiang could use his considerable influence
Sophia : to single-handedly end China's purchase of the US debt.
Beckett : This country runs on deficit spending. If we can't borrow money...
Castle : We couldn't meet our obligations.
Castle : The government would shut down.
Sophia : Austerity measures would be imposed.
Sophia : We'd lose our ability to deploy our military around the world.
BECKETT : And then with the US neutralized,
Beckett : our enemies would be able to explore their interests unchecked.
Sophia : That's right. And there would be an explosion of regional conflicts,
Sophia : any one of which could send us toward global war.
Beckett : A war that we might not even be able to win.
Castle : One domino knocked down, the entire world changes.
JONES : We've located Xiang.
UNK: Tech 3 : He and a Chinese delegation just landed at JFK an hour ago.
Sophia : He's here?
JONES : For a UN trade conference at the McKinley Building.
UNK: Tech 3 : They're on their way there now. And, ma'am, his daughter's with him.
Beckett : If we call it in, I can get a protective detail waiting.
UNK: You think your cops are gonna be able to stop CIA-trained operatives?
Sophia : They'll just end up dead.
Sophia : Besides, if word of this gets out,
UNK: it would spark an international incident of epic proportions.
Sophia : We need to clean up the mess, not make one.
Castle : We and what army?
Castle : You said we couldn't trust the others
UNK: because they could be working with Danberg.
Sophia : This is not the only CIA station in New York.
Sophia : I've got another field team on its way.
Sophia : You seal it up until you hear from me.
Sophia : No calls going in or out. I'm not taking any chances.