Beckett : That killing a little girl could lead to the collapse of the United States?
Beckett : I mean, it just seems crazy.
UNK: Yeah, well, so did Blakely's first linchpin.
UNK: They asked him to develop a non-nuclear military strategy
UNK: that would bring down the Soviet Union.
UNK: Turns out all we had to do was outspend them.
UNK: SOPHIA SIGHS
Sophia : Need to take another run at Gage. Looks like he's all we've got.
Sophia : Put us on lockdown. No one leaves or enters the facility.
Beckett : Contact burns. He was shot point blank.
Castle : How is it that nobody heard the shot?
Sophia : The room is soundproof.
Sophia : The real question is,
Sophia : how come nobody saw?
UNK: Tech 1 : Someone hacked the video stream.
Castle : How is that possible? You're the CIA.
Castle : You have the most secure computers in the world.
UNK: Possible, because Gage was right.
Sophia : There's a mole in the CIA, and he's in this unit.
Danberg : Facility's locked down. All personnel have been accounted for.
Beckett : How many people had access to that room?
SOPHIA : Eighteen.
UNK: Tech 2 : Ma'am, I've isolated the subroutine used to doctor the video.
UNK: Tech 2 : It was embedded in a software worm to escape detection.
Danberg : Then there's no way to tell where it came from.
UNK: Tech 2 : I may be able to use a reductive logarithm
UNK: Tech 2 : to isolate the pathway it took through the system.
UNK: Tech 2 : It might tell us where it was loaded.
Danberg : You can do that?
UNK: Tech 2 : I can try.
Sophia : Do it.
Castle : I got no idea what they're talking about, but this is very exciting.
UNK: FEMALE TECHNICIAN : There it is. Starting the trace.
UNK: Tech 2 : Got it! That's the terminal address where the virus was uploaded.
Sophia : Whose is it?
UNK: FEMALE TECHNICIAN : Agent Trahn's. What?
UNK: No. There's been a mistake!
UNK: Keep your hands where I can see them.
UNK: Get down on the ground, now! I didn't do it!
UNK: Wait! It's a decoy. The hacker piggybacked the IP.
UNK: It's not Trahn. Then who is it?
UNK: Whoever uploaded it used Trahn's terminal IP to hide their ID.
UNK: They're good, but I'm better.
UNK: I've isolated the user's pass code. I'm de-encrypting now.
Sophia : Run a personnel match.
UNK: BEEPING
UNK: Martin.
UNK: No, Soph. I'm loyal.
Danberg : You know I'm loyal. Then put the gun down.
Sophia : Put it down! Okay.
UNK: All right. Okay.
Danberg : You shoot, she dies. Everyone, back up, now.
UNK: Martin, don't, don't do it. MARTIN : Back up now!
UNK: Hand.
SOPHIA : Martin, don't.
Sophia : Martin, don't! Martin, put the gun down, Martin.
UNK: Thanks, but I'd rather live.
Sophia : Shut the elevator down.
Ryan : I'm in!
UNK: Tech 3 : Stand by, I'm bringing it back down.
CASTLE : There's no way you could've known.
SOPHIA : No? When we first got wind of Pandora,
UNK: Danberg was the one who found all the connections.
Sophia : He was the one who traced it to Gage.
Sophia : All so we wouldn't get too close to him.
Sophia : Even tried to convince me to get rid of you two.
Sophia : And worst of all,
Sophia : he may not be working alone.
BECKETT : The implications of Pandora are huge.
Beckett : I don't understand how one of our own would actually want
Beckett : to plunge the country or the world into war.
Sophia : Money, ideology. None of it makes any sense.
Castle : Well, the motives don't matter.
Castle : All that matters is stopping Pandora.
Castle : Gage said he picked up chatter.
UNK: He said it's going down tomorrow.
Sophia : We've heard the same thing, which means we don't have any time.
Sophia : We have to find her.
UNK: Well, there's gotta be something that we missed.
Beckett : Some detail that will help us figure out who she is.
SOPHIA : We've run it through every database we have.
UNK: We have looked through everything.
UNK: Not everything.
Castle : You guys maintain a topographical survey of the Earth, right?
Sophia : Yeah, why?
Castle : So don't search for the girl, run the mountains.
Castle : If we know where she's from, we can narrow down our search.
Sophia : You are a genius.
BECKETT : How long will this take?
Sophia : It's a big world.
Sophia : We've pulled anything arid and everything
Sophia : above and below 60 degrees latitude.
Sophia : But they're estimating it could take 32 hours.
UNK: It looks like a long night. I'll get some coffees.
Sophia : He was always thoughtful.
Beckett : You like him.
Sophia : I did. Once.
Beckett : So what happened? If you don't mind my asking.
Sophia : Well, you ever meet someone
Sophia : and have that intense attraction right away?