Castle : Come here.
Ryan : - See, this is supposed to be a Gucci. - Mmm-hmm.
UNK: But if you look close, instead of a "GG," the initials say "CC."
Esposito : I don't know. That's pretty close, bro.
Ryan : Not exact. And that's what keeps these guys from getting busted.
UNK: See, technically, it's not an imitation.
Ryan : - It's an homage. - An homage. Right.
Castle : You ladies picking out something pretty for yourselves?
Beckett : You got the warrant?
Esposito : Which one is it?
Esposito : This place has been trashed.
UNK: You guys, same Chanel bags.
Castle : That's weird. Shredded, like our victim's purse.
Ryan : Maybe Darcy wasn't using it to defend herself.
UNK: Beckett.
Beckett : This one looks different.
UNK: It doesn't look like the ones that we found in the other victims' mouths.
Castle : I've seen this symbol before.
Castle : It's the symbol for death.
Ryan : Why would a guy mark his own stall with a death symbol?
Castle : He wouldn't. The symbol was meant for him.
UNK: Charles Oni's been marked for death.
Beckett : The linings have all been cut out.
Beckett : - All of this stuff is imported, right? - Yeah.
UNK: You know, knockoffs would be the perfect delivery system for a smuggler.
Ryan : Yeah, but what are they smuggling?
Beckett : The only person who can tell us that has been marked for death.
Esposito : If he is still alive, he doesn't have much incentive to stick around.
UNK: Castle?
Ryan : Where's he going?
Beckett : Notify Passport Control. Get them a sketch of Oni,
UNK: and tell them to put his name and aliases on the No Fly List.
Esposito : You got it, boss.
Beckett : Castle? Castle!
Castle : I'm on TV.
Beckett : - Are you having a breakdown? - Not a breakdown, a breakthrough.
UNK: And I really am ruggedly handsome, aren't I?
Beckett : I'm waiting for the breakthrough.
Castle : Look behind me. If that camera's recording...
UNK: Then we'd be able to see who trashed the stall.
UNK: Video Store Manager : What can I say? People like to see themselves on television.
UNK: Video Store Manager : I mean, you would not believe the things people do in front of a camera.
Castle : I'm listening.
UNK: Video Store Manager : Like this one chick, she's standing there, right in front of the store,
UNK: Video Store Manager : and she starts to take off her...
Beckett : Just show us the recordings from the past couple of days, okay?
Castle : Her blood sugar gets low, she gets a little cranky.
Beckett : Zip it, kitten.
UNK: Video Store Manager : I'm sorry, but I can't show you the recording.
Beckett : - You need a warrant? - Wouldn't help. Sold it.
Castle : Sold the camera in the window?
UNK: Video Store Manager : Some guy rolls in here yesterday, asked for that one specifically.
UNK: I told him we got others, ones with boxes.
UNK: Video Store Manager : But he wants the one in the window.
Beckett : - What does he look like? - Six foot, big, black, had an accent.
UNK: Is that him?
UNK: Video Store Manager : No. He owns the stall across the street.
Castle : - You know him? - We say hi.
UNK: But this guy, he seemed heavy.
UNK: Video Store Manager : Not in the physical sense. Just something about him, you know?
UNK: Video Store Manager : Like he'd seen things, bad things.
Beckett : What else?
UNK: Video Store Manger : He paid cash. Retail.
UNK: Video Store Manger : I mean, at my prices? He didn't even try to negotiate once.
Beckett : Would you be willing to work with a police sketch artist?
UNK: Video Store Manager : Wouldn't a real picture be better?
Beckett : You said that he took the camera and the recordings.
UNK: Video Store Manager : Lady, this is an electronics store.
UNK: Video Store Manager : I got cameras all over this place.
Esposito : Yeah. He does look like the kind of guy
Esposito : who'd paint a death symbol on your floor.
Castle : What I don't get is, why would he want the camera?
Ryan : 'Cause he had the same idea we did.