Meredith : Come on!
UNK: Jill Button : It doesn't make sense. Why would someone kill her?
UNK: Miss Button, your office manager said that you and Darcy were close.
Jill : We joined the firm at the same time.
Jill : Neither of us knew anyone in the city, so we just sort of became best friends.
UNK: Do you recognize this man?
Ryan : We think he and Darcy might be connected.
Jill : No, I don't.
Jill : - What happened to him? - That's what we're trying to find out.
Jill : Oh, God. You mean, this is what...
Jill : Who would do something like this?
Ryan : I spoke to Jill Button, Darcy's BFF.
UNK: She says she's pretty familiar with all of Darcy's friends and clients,
Ryan : but she's never seen the vic before.
UNK: The law firm does some corporate stuff, some immigration work,
UNK: but there's nothing to indicate any involvement in something like this.
Montgomery : So our first victim gets killed in a religious ritual,
Montgomery : and then history repeats itself with this lawyer the very same day.
Castle : There's a lawyer joke there somewhere. I just can't think of it.
UNK: And then the killer tosses the woman's apartment, looking for what?
Montgomery : Money, drugs? What?
Ryan : As far as we could tell, Darcy was clean.
Esposito : Yo, we got a hit on the first victim's prints. INS database.
UNK: - Jamal Buonsi? - Nigerian national.
Esposito : Entered the US on a student visa 18 months ago.
Esposito : Was enrolled at NYU as an exchange student.
Beckett : - His visa expired a year ago. - Yeah.
Castle : - Looks like he decided to stay. - Lucky him.
Montgomery : Any word on his last-known whereabouts?
UNK: Yeah, I was able to track down the family
UNK: that he lived with when he was a student.
Esposito : Last time they saw him, he was in a cab on his way to Kennedy.
Beckett : I take it that's not the end of the story.
Esposito : Turns out that Jamal and their 13-year-old son were pretty close.
UNK: A couple months ago, the folks discovered that they were still in touch.
Esposito : Jamal's cell phone number.
Esposito : Billed to an address on East Third.
Castle : That's just a few blocks from where Jamal's body was found.
UNK: East Third's right near Darcy Cho's law firm.
Montgomery : And you said Darcy Cho's firm did some work on immigration?
UNK: Yeah.
Montgomery : You and Esposito take a ride down there.
Montgomery : I want you to look at Darcy Cho's client list.
UNK: Maybe Jamal was using another name.
Beckett : We'll get a warrant for the billing address.
Montgomery : Find out what this guy wants before the son of a bitch kills again, all right?
UNK: Yes, sir.
Castle : I wasn't expecting a doorman building.
Castle : But a six-story walk-up?
Beckett : You should have seen my first apartment.
Beckett : Three flights up, on an air shaft over a restaurant.
Beckett : Whole place smelled like chicken wings.
Castle : They come here looking for a new start, and this is what they get?
Castle : Slum housing?
Beckett : Still, for some, it's better than what they left.
Castle : Sounds like Jamal didn't live alone.
UNK: Yes?
UNK: Detective Beckett, NYPD. No, you...
Beckett : Hands! Show me your hands!
UNK: Lmmigration!
Beckett : I'm not Immigration. Everybody just relax, okay?
UNK: Bloke 2 : If you're not from Immigration, then who are you?
Beckett : I'm a homicide detective. I'm looking for information on Jamal Buonsi.
UNK: Bloke 2 : We don't know any Jamal.
UNK: Then you want to tell me why his cell phone is billed to this address?
UNK: Detective.
Castle : Same red flannel.
Beckett : What is it?
Beckett : Whose bed is that?
Beckett : We can link the red flannel to two other murders.
Beckett : In this country, that puts you in a lot of trouble.
Azi : - I've done nothing wrong. - Two people are dead.
Beckett : One of them is a man that you lived with.
Beckett : Same red flannel, same candles.
Beckett : And again, here.
Beckett : Why did you kill her, Azi?
Azi : I don't know this woman. I haven't killed anyone.
UNK: So, you're telling me that it's all just a coincidence
Beckett : that these things were found in your apartment, under your bed?
Azi : They weren't mine! They were for someone else!
UNK: Who?
Beckett : Do you want to go back to Nigeria?
Beckett : Because I can arrange that with a single phone call.
Azi : So can he.
UNK: Who?
Beckett : Jamal was your friend, wasn't he?
UNK: Yes.
Beckett : Then don't you want us to catch who killed him?
Beckett : Don't you want justice?
Azi : His name is Charles.
Azi : - Charles Oni. - Charles Oni?
UNK: Lmmigrants know this man.
Azi : He owns the places where we live.
Azi : He owns the places where we work.
Castle : And what about Jamal? Did he work for him, too?
UNK: At his stall on Canal Street.
Azi : But it was only temporary.
Azi : He was going to save his money to apply for a visa, become legal.
Castle : - And Oni had a problem with that? - No.
Azi : Yesterday, when Oni came looking for Jamal,