Michelle : The charm's an offering to a vodun saint, or loa.
Michelle : In this case, it's Ogun.
UNK: He's usually called upon to help find something that's been lost.
Castle : - So our killer's looking for something. - Something the victim once possessed.
Beckett : Maybe that's why he was tortured.
Beckett : Could the kind of ceremony indicate what the killer was looking for?
Michelle : Unfortunately, no.
Beckett : How do you know so much about this?
Michelle : Because I practice.
Michelle : My junior year, I spent abroad in Nigeria.
Michelle : Fell in love with the religion, the cuisine.
Castle : Michelle owns the best Nigerian restaurant in the city.
Beckett : It's funny, I never would have pegged you for the occult type.
Michelle : Occult is in the eye of the beholder, Detective.
UNK: As bizarre as vodun may seem to you,
Michelle : I assure you, the beliefs of Western religions
Michelle : seem just as strange to outsiders.
Michelle : How do you like the cow's foot stew?
Beckett : Cow's foot? You said it was beef.
Castle : Technically, cow is beef. Besides, you liked it.
Beckett : So, this murder, is that a part of the ceremony as well?
UNK: No. Vodun is a peaceful, deeply spiritual religion
Michelle : practiced by millions of people across the world every day.
Beckett : I doubt whoever did this is very peaceful.
UNK: No. Your killer may be vodun, but that's not why this man's dead.
UNK: He was killed because he had something the killer desperately wants,
UNK: and he's not gonna stop until he finds it.
Beckett : Excuse me. Beckett.
Ryan : Yeah. It's Ryan.
Ryan : We got another one.
Ryan : Victim's name is Darcy Cho. Second-year lawyer at a firm downtown.
UNK: Detective Javier Esposito : Multiple stab wounds, just like the last one.
UNK: Neighbor found the door open and called the super.
Ryan : This is what they found.
UNK: - The staging is exactly the same. - Yeah.
Esposito : When they saw what they had, West Side boys gave us a call.
UNK: Looks like she put up a fight. Defensive wounds on her forearms.
UNK: Paraphernalia's the same as the other murder.
UNK: And I found another charm in her mouth.
Beckett : Anything back from CSU on the other scene?
Ryan : Candle's basic paraffin, found in any bodega.
UNK: Figure it's gonna be the same with this one.
Ryan : Cloth is common red flannel. Glass bowl, made in China.
Beckett : What about the blood? - Chicken blood.
Beckett : Maybe she used this purse to defend herself.
Castle : We know he hasn't found what he's looking for.
Esposito : How do you know?
Castle : The charm in her mouth. He still needs the spirits to guide him.
UNK: Chapter 10.
Beckett : Find out what you can about Darcy. See if she knew our first victim.
UNK: I want to know how these murders are connected.
UNK: Right.
UNK: Alexis Castle : Mr. Simmons, you wanted to see me?
UNK: Mr Simmons : Alexis, I'm afraid we have some bad news.
Alexis : What? No, is it my dad? Did he get shot?
Meredith : It's not your dad, sweetie.
Castle : - Mom? - It's your grandfather.
Meredith : He passed away this morning.
UNK: Grandfather.
Meredith : I know, it's a lot to take in.
Alexis : Mom, I have a calculus test today.
UNK: Mr Simmons : Given the circumstances,
UNK: Mr Simmons : I'm sure Mr. Brown will let you make it up.
Meredith : Thank you, Mr. Simmons, for your compassion in this trying time.
Meredith : Let's go, honey. Lots to do.
UNK: Uh, Mom, Grandpa died six years ago.
Meredith : I know, but a death in the family,
Meredith : always a good excuse to get out of school.
Alexis : No, it's a creepy excuse.
Meredith : Come on. I need some Alexis time.
UNK: Do you realize I've been in town a whole week,
Meredith : and we haven't even gone shopping?
Alexis : We're going shopping on Saturday, when I don't have school.
UNK: But Bendel's is having its sale now!
UNK: I studied all week for this test.
UNK: Okay, why bother learning math
Meredith : if you don't get to apply it in real-life situations?
Meredith : Like calculating your savings.
Meredith : Come on, what's the harm?
UNK: Unless you really wanna go back and tell Mr. Simmons your mother's a liar.
Alexis : Fine. But promise we're not leaving the city.