UNK: Detective Javier Esposito : Vic's an African-American male, early 20s.
UNK: Detective Javier Esposito : Multiple stab wounds. Contusions on the arms and torso.
UNK: Detective Javier Esposito : Body was discovered by a homeless guy.
UNK: Detective Kate Beckett : He was beaten, maybe tortured.
UNK: Detective Kevin Ryan : Looks like some kind of ritualistic killing.
Beckett : You think? Hello?
Castle : - Hmm? - You okay?
Castle : I had sex with my ex-wife this morning.
UNK: My first ex-wife, Meredith, Alexis' mom.
Castle : And she's thinking about moving back to New York.
Castle : Do you know what that would mean to me?
Castle : That would be a very special brand of hell.
Castle : The hell of a deep-fried Twinkie.
Castle : - A deep-fried Twinkie? - Yeah.
Castle : The guilty pleasure that you know is bad for you,
Castle : so you only do it once, maybe twice a year for the novelty.
Castle : But a deep-fried Twinkie every day is...
UNK: Castle.
Castle : - What? - Crime scene.
UNK: Dead body. A little respect here.
Castle : I don't think he can hear me.
UNK: Okay, how about a little self-respect, then?
UNK: Fine.
Castle : Check in his mouth. There's probably a little pouch in there.
Beckett : - How did you know? - Open it.
Esposito : What does it mean?
UNK: - It's vodun. Vodun?
Ryan : No, dude, it's a religion practiced primarily in West Africa.
Ryan : What? I read, too.
Castle : The blood in the bowl? Most likely animal.
Castle : Part of the ceremony.
Castle : The pouch is an offering to the spirits, but I don't recognize the symbol.
UNK: Well, if you did, you'd be a suspect.
Esposito : So how do you know about all this?
Castle : Research for my sixth Derrick Storm novel.
UNK: And vodun's not just limited to West Africa. It's also practiced by
Castle : Haitian and Dominican communities right here in New York.
Beckett : Have CSU run the pouch. Have an ME test the blood.
Beckett : And let's get his fingerprints in the system, see if there's an ID.
UNK: This ritual, I assume that it was done for a specific purpose?
Esposito : That's only if you're assuming that the guy doing this was rational.
Castle : No, no. She's right.
Castle : It might not make sense to you or me, but if we found out why he did this,
Castle : we might find your killer.
UNK: Yeah, that's kind of how we do it.
Beckett : Do you still have the research?
Castle : As a matter of fact, I do.
UNK: "The purpose of their rituals was to
UNK: "make contact with the spirits and the spirit world,
UNK: "to gain their favor through sacrifice.
UNK: "Storm was pretty sure he'd sacrifice anything
UNK: "when he saw the amulet swaying rhythmically back and forth
UNK: "between the woman's bare, glistening breasts. "
UNK: You dragged me in here so that you could read from your own book.
Castle : Hey, there's a lot of good stuff in here, and some of it is factual.
Castle : - Where are you going? - I have a murder to solve.
Castle : I thought that's what we were doing.
UNK: Okay, I... I am just kidding. I do have another source.
UNK: And you call your ex-wife "a deep-fried Twinkie. "
Castle : Oh, trust me. As annoying and intrusive as you think I am,
Castle : she's a million times worse.
Beckett : What about Alexis? Maybe she misses her mom.
Beckett : Maybe it would be a good idea to have her back in town.
Castle : Yeah, right.
Castle : This once, when Alexis was nine,
Castle : Meredith dropped by to take her out to lunch.
UNK: Detective Javier Esposito : - So? - In Paris.
Castle : Paris! And then she acted like there was nothing wrong.
UNK: She's Auntie Mame on meth.
UNK: If she's so bad, then why'd you sleep with her this morning?
Castle : Let me tell you something about crazy people. The sex is unbelievable.
Beckett : - How shallow are you? - Very.
Beckett : You know, I don't have time for this.
Michelle : Someone order lunch?
Castle : Detective Beckett, meet my other source.
UNK: The symbol's a veve,
Michelle : a representation of one who can open crossroads into the spirit world.
Castle : Michelle taught me everything I know about vodun.
Michelle : Which, obviously, isn't much.
Michelle : That scene with the topless girl and the chicken blood, what was that?
Castle : I took a few liberties.
Michelle : You know, from the design, I'd say this isn't Haitian,
Michelle : Jamaican or Dominican. This is hardcore Nigerian.
Beckett : What about this charm?