Castle : Well, the guy's exploiting illegals. I doubt he's gonna use his real name.
UNK: Clearly not, and the apartment is owned by a Robert Burnett.
UNK: No listing in the Tri-State area, and the address is a PO box in Jersey.
Esposito : Yo, yo. Law firm's a dead end.
Esposito : They've never heard of anyone named Jamal Buonsi,
Esposito : and there was nothing suspicious in Darcy's client list.
UNK: That's perfect, 'cause our suspect's never heard of Darcy Cho.
Castle : We still have no idea what our two victims have in common.
UNK: Excuse me, ma'am.
UNK: No, I'm not gonna wait downstairs.
Meredith : Do you have any idea who pays your salary? Me and my taxes.
Beckett : - Is that... - Uh, yeah.
Meredith : Richard! Over here!
Castle : - Deep-fried Twinkie? - Afraid so.
Castle : Meredith, what a surprise.
Meredith : I know. Isn't it great?
Meredith : In LA, no one ever just stops by. Don't you just love this town?
Beckett : More and more by the minute.
Castle : Meredith, these are Detectives Ryan, Esposito and Detective Beckett.
Meredith : Oh, Beckett. Your new muse. Alexis told me all about it,
Meredith : and I simply had to stop by.
Castle : You know, I was his inspiration once.
Beckett : Were you, now?
Meredith : Still am, from time to time. Right, kitten?
UNK: Kitten?
Castle : I had this dream once, only I was naked and far less embarrassed.
UNK: Anyway, we were in the neighborhood, and I have a dinner tonight,
UNK: so I thought I would drop Alexis here
Meredith : instead of schlepping all the way downtown.
Meredith : Is that SJP's purse?
UNK: SJP?
Meredith : Sarah Jessica Parker.
Meredith : She wore one just like it to the Armani show in Milan.
Meredith : It was on Fashion Scoop Daily last week.
Beckett : Well, actually, this purse belongs to one of our victims.
Meredith : Oh, that is so tragic.
Meredith : More tragic, of course, if it had been the real thing, but still...
UNK: Are you saying this one's fake?
Meredith : Well, look at the leather and the stitching. It's totally a knockoff.
Meredith : I mean, it's good enough to fool the untrained shopper,
Meredith : but I have a retail eye.
Azi : Canal Street.
UNK: Canal's where they sell the knockoffs, watches, luggage...
Castle : And handbags.
Ryan : Darcy's office is right near Canal.
UNK: If she was gonna buy a designer knockoff...
UNK: She might have got it from the stall where Jamal works.
Beckett : Oni's stall. That's what connects our two victims.
Beckett : Get a sketch from Azi.
Beckett : Maybe one of the other vendors will be able to ID Oni's stall.
Esposito : You got it, boss.
Meredith : See? I always was your lucky charm.
Meredith : Just think of the things we'll do once I move back.
Azi : That's Oni. That's Oni.
Ryan : Charles Oni. Now we have a face to go with the name.
Beckett : Someone on Canal Street's got to know this guy.
UNK: Mmm.
Ryan : - Where's Castle? - He went home.
Ryan : - Deep-fried Twinkie, huh? - I didn't ask.
UNK: Why don't you get a corkboard like a normal person?
Castle : Why don't you knock like a normal person?
Martha : You know, Meredith kidnapped Alexis from school today.
Castle : - And we all paid a hefty ransom. - It's outrageous.
Castle : - I almost had to repeat fifth grade. - Oh, that was different.
Martha : I was working and trying to be a mother.
Martha : I wasn't just waltzing into town like a diva, disrupting everybody's life.
Castle : That's who she is. You know that.
Martha : Have you considered what it's going to be like
Martha : having Meredith back in New York?
Martha : How it's going to affect you?
Castle : You mean how it's going to affect you.
Martha : All of us, actually.
Castle : Well, what do you want me to do, Mother?
Castle : It's not like I can ban her from New York.
UNK: And this whole theater thing, it's ridiculous.