Castle : We wanted the camera 'cause we wanted to find him.
Be : But what was he looking for?
Esposito : And what was inside the purses?
Esposito : Esposito. Yeah.
Esposito : Really? When?
Esposito : No, no, no. Absolutely. Bring him in.
Esposito : TSA just pulled Charles Oni out of a security line at JFK off our sketch.
Ryan : - Good call, bro. - Thank you.
Castle : Where was he going?
Esposito : Nigeria, under the name Robert Burnett.
UNK: Charles Oni : I don't know what you're talking about. I was going home to visit my family.
UNK: Then why'd you only have a one-way ticket?
Oni : My mother is ill. I did not know when I'd be returning.
Castle : Must be nice, being able to see your mother.
UNK: It's something that Jamal Buonsi will never get a chance to do.
Beckett : We know that you were involved in both of these murders.
Beckett : Azi, the man that you intimidated into finding Jamal,
UNK: he's very eager to testify against you.
Castle : Apparently, he takes his religious beliefs very seriously.
UNK: Doesn't believe vodun should be used to kill people.
Oni : I didn't kill anyone.
Beckett : Then why were you looking for Jamal?
Beckett : Tell me something. What's in the purse?
Beckett : What are you smuggling, Mr. Oni?
Oni : I want a lawyer.
Beckett : Are you sure? Because if you get a lawyer,
Beckett : you'll be out of here in about an hour, and I won't let you leave town.
Beckett : And that's exactly what you want, isn't it?
Beckett : To leave town?
Beckett : You scare a lot of people, Mr. Oni, immigrants, illegals.
Beckett : Tell me,
Beckett : who scares you?
Oni : - I don't know this man. He knows you.
Castle : Matter of fact, he's marked you for death.
Beckett : Jamal worked for you and he's dead.
UNK: Darcy Cho just bought a purse from you and now she's dead.
UNK: Why?
Oni : I won't talk without protection.
Beckett : I can't protect you unless you tell me from what.
UNK: His name is Mukhta Baylor. Very bad, very dangerous.
Oni : Former child soldier. They call him the Butcher of Benin.
Beckett : What's he doing in the US?
Oni : He traffics. Drugs, women, whatever will make him money.
Oni : It is him that killed Jamal and the woman.
UNK: Why?
Oni : If I tell you, you will protect me?
Beckett : Oni's a counterfeiter.
Castle : And he gets papers for illegals, passports, visas, whatever they need.
Castle : A real friend to the community.
Esposito : Oni also provided Baylor with documents for his traffickers.
UNK: Sewn inside the lining of his purses.
Esposito : Yeah, which he keeps in the back of the stall.
Ryan : Only he didn't count on Fashion Scoop Daily.
Montgomery : - The website? - Yeah.
Ryan : The article on Sarah Jessica Parker? Appears there was a run on the purses.
Esposito : - Yeah. Our first vic, Jamal? - Yeah.
Esposito : He sold bags out front. He didn't know about Oni's scam.
Esposito : When he ran out of bags, he sold the ones from the back.
UNK: Why didn't he just get Oni to forge more documents?
Castle : It takes time, and Baylor doesn't have time.
UNK: The papers are for Baylor's brother in Africa.
Beckett : The Nigerian officials are closing in on him for drug trafficking.
Beckett : If Baylor doesn't get him to the US soon, they'll execute him.
Castle : Oni says Baylor operates out of a warehouse downtown.
Montgomery : Listen, find this dirtball before he murders someone else, all right?
Beckett : - Where did the bag come from? - Oh! Sorry. It's mine.
Castle : I felt, given everything that's happened, I should be prepared.
UNK: I got this special-order.
UNK: And look...
Beckett : - Writer? - Uh-huh.
Castle : - Cool, huh? - No. Not cool.
Beckett : You don't need a vest.
Castle : If you shoot me, do I not bleed?
UNK: You're not gonna get shot, and you know why?
Beckett : Because you are going nowhere near the gunfire. You're staying here.
UNK: Yeah, we've seen how well that works.
Beckett : Stay here, Castle, and don't do anything.
Beckett : All right, this is our guy. Got him?
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Meredith : Let's go.