Foreman : Taub's putting in a temporary pacemaker.
Foreman : It'll keep his heart beating for now.
House : Hey, Cameron, how would you like your old job back?
House : I'm asking 'cause it's the only way I can fire you.
UNK: Sorry, in ER we like to actually resuscitate dying people,
Cameron : not just let them flop around. Could be lymphoma.
UNK: No, we'd have seen it on the abdomen. It has to be a poison.
UNK: Organophosphates.
Thirteen : We checked the place over and over. It's completely clean.
UNK: There were rose petals in the front entry.
Foreman : Unless he's eating a bouquet a day,
Foreman : he couldn't... How clean?
Thirteen : Very, he probably has a little OCD.
House : How often do you wash your tub?
UNK: Every couple of days.
House : Bleach and ammonia? Yeah.
House : You know how kids play toy soldiers in the bath?
House : He likes to re-enact the Battle of Ypres three times a week with real gas.
Kutner : Ammonia and bleach makes chlorine gas.
Foreman : Highly fat soluble. He lost weight after the stomach pain,
Foreman : explains why his symptoms kept getting worse.
House : Put him on parenteral steroids and sodium bicarbonate.
Taub : Even if you're right, that external pacemaker's gonna fail eventually,
Taub : and I don't have the skills to put in a permanent one.
House : Well, maybe the poison hasn't completely shot his heart,
House : and you won't have to feel guilty for the rest of your life.
UNK: How am I going to place the leads in the exact spot on the right ventricle
Chase : without fluoroscopy? The Force?
Cameron : Taub put in a temporary one.
Chase : You can do that playing Pin the Tail on the Donkey.
Chase : Permanent pacemakers need precision.
Cameron : So we can use the portable x-ray.
Chase : It's not real time. Sonogram.
Chase : And what happens when I put him into V tach
Chase : because the sonogram isn't precise enough?
Cameron : He's dying.
Chase : Exactly why I don't want to be the one to kill him.
UNK: Thanks.
Chase : You knew I'd have to say no, but you came anyway.
Chase : You just wanted a reason to be angry at me.
Chase : If there's something wrong between us, then let's...
House : Forget it.
Chase : You know why we spend nights at my house?
Chase : Because when we spent them at yours,
Chase : I could tell you didn't want me there.
Cameron : Why would I keep inviting you over if I didn't want you there?
Chase : You always kicked me out every morning.
Chase : You never offered me a drawer, you never cleared out your closet for me.
Chase : I was just a visitor.
Cameron : How long have you felt like this?
Chase : From the start.
Chase : I know it's hard for you because you lost your husband,
UNK: but I can't keep chasing you forever.
Cameron : I just tried your house, where are you?
UNK: Clubbing. Good or bad?
Cameron : Bad. Vitals are dropping, the abdominal pain keeps getting worse.
House : Means we were too late with the treatment.
House : Tell the lawyer he's off the clock, we're done.
Cameron : You're giving up?
House : Call Taub.