UNK: Yeah. You were nice.
Stewart : And smart. Kind of made me expect someone older.
Cameon : I'm not that young.
UNK: Must have been scary being shot. Don't do that. Okay.
Stewart : You don't know me.
Stewart : I've got everything I want here.
Stewart : I make a lot of money writing tech manuals.
Stewart : I get stuff delivered. I work out.
Stewart : I see anything I want over the Web. I'm happy here.
Cameron : You don't seem very happy. Right now I'm not.
House : Go away.
Wilson : Did you speak to Cuddy last night? She's fine.
House : Why would it take anyone more than a few hours to get over misplacing a baby?
Wilson : You spoke to her?
UNK: Kind of hit that, so she's all on my jock.
UNK: What?
UNK: Huh!
House : Everyone else thought I was kidding.
UNK: You "hit"? Like making out or full-on sex or...
UNK: I've got a chart laid out with all the bases, I'll take you through it.
Wilson : What are you going to do? What can I do?
UNK: I'm gonna ignore her for the rest of my life.
House : This mosquito bite kept me awake...
Wilson : Don't care about the bug bite.
Wilson : She's your boss.
House : So now I have two reasons to ignore her.
House : It was just a kiss.
House : There's a reason... Yes, those large things in her bra.
Wilson : ...you were hiding it from me. Means it meant something to you.
House : Yeah, I fiendishly concealed it within the phrase "I hit that."
Wilson : Stop scratching, you'll draw blood.
House : Finally, you said something useful.
UNK: I'm just gonna break the skin and let the poison out.
Wilson : If you dated Cuddy, there would...
House : Sorry, I get better reception when you're not here.
Taub : No animals. No hidden drugs or alcohol. No lead in the paint.
House : And since you're not breathing hard,
House : I assume you're not holding Cameron aloft in triumph, which means no seizures.
House : Hey, speaking of breathing hard... Cameron, you engaged to Chase yet?
UNK: Sorry, we should have clarified.
Thirteen : We're calling about the patient, not Dr. Cameron's love life.
Cameron : We aren't engaged.
Cameron : Moves things along much faster if you just give him the answers.
Cameron : Seizures can also be induced through...
House : After six years? A year-and-a-half.
Cameron : Through sleep deprivation or...
Cameron : Sleep deprivation would take too long.
House : You living together? We spend most nights together.
Cameron : There's a bunch of drugs that can lower a seizure threshold.
House : And cloud the diagnosis with side effects.
House : His place or yours? His, usually.
UNK: Interesting. You would have said "interesting"
Cameron : no matter what the answer.
House : And no matter what the answer, it would have been interesting.
House : His place, control issues. Not sure whose, but, interesting.
Thirteen : Yeah, moves much faster this way.
House : Where was the patient when he had his first seizure?
Taub : In his entry hallway, getting his mail.
UNK: And getting close to the outdoors.
UNK: It spooked him, raised his BP. Now use that fear.
House : Bring him outside.
Kutner : He punched out a fireman.
House : Okay. So bring the outside to him.
UNK: Floor's genuine wood.
Taub : Why are they here?
House : They overheard me announce the half-price bank foreclosure
House : in the ER waiting room. Where is everybody?
Taub : Cameron's with the patient, everybody else went home.
House : Because they don't need to be here. Neither do you, and yet you are.
Thirteen : This way.
UNK: Man In House's Tour Group : Moldings original? Original? They were here before the house.
House : The shut-in is also original.
House : Come on, don't be shy. House, get them out of here.
House : Easy for you to say, you're not going to be making some serious capital gains.
Cameron : This is cruel.
House : And leaving him undiagnosed is what, altruistic?
House : Procedure worked. He's seizing.