UNK: Hey. That's nice of you.
UNK: Hi. Hi.
Chase : He doing good?
Cameron : Burns are healing fine. He's stable otherwise.
Chase : Good. So, I could stay at your place tonight, if you like.
Stewart : I can't.
Chase : Well, you're not gonna sleep here again?
Cameron : You might have noticed the lack of nurses.
Chase : Because you're not on the case. You can't really use that as an excuse for...
Thirteen : Dr. Cameron. Wait here.
Cameron : Your stomach? My legs are numb.
Stewart : I can't feel them at all.
Cameron : New symptom, peripheral neuropathy. Got worse on antibiotics.
Thirteen : Liver's fine. Amyloidosis.
House : We'd have seen it on the intestines.
Foreman : What did we see on the intestines?
Foreman : Wheat allergy means he's not absorbing nutrients.
Foreman : Explains the seizures, the stomach and now the nerves.
House : Not fast enough, not accurate enough. Force feed him wheat.
House : See if there's an allergic reaction.
Taub : His guts just exploded. It might be a tad painful to make him eat.
Cameron : That's House's point. There's nothing diagnostic about it.
Cameron : He's trying to put the patient in pain, force him to come in.
Foreman : It is a valid test.
Cameron : So is the blood test, which is painless.
House : that's coming from the telephone. Force feed him.
Cameron : Don't. You know House. You know I'm right.
Foreman : We'll do both tests.
Wilson : I'm not here to play matchmaker.
UNK: Okay.
Wilson : House basically...
Wilson : Well, he accused me of being interested in you.
Cuddy : He's just trying to change the subject.
Wilson : I know. But I do have...
Wilson : I've always had
Wilson : some feelings for you.
Cuddy : Are you saying you want to date me?
Stewart : No, I...
Wilson : It wouldn't be fair to House, and it's too soon after Amber.
Cuddy : But you thought you should just say it?
Wilson : Yeah, I thought you should know.
Cuddy : Let's have dinner tomorrow night.
UNK: Okay.
Cuddy : Or maybe it'd be better if we just had sex.
Wilson : Pardon me?
Cuddy : In front of House's office.
Cuddy : I mean, I don't want to take any chances.
Cuddy : I assume the point of this is to make him jealous,
UNK: to make him realize that he does want a relationship with me.
UNK: Yes.
Wilson : You think it'll work?
Cuddy : You're an idiot.
Cuddy : Trust me, everybody will be happier if House and I aren't dating.
Stewart : You sure this is the best test?
Cameron : No. But you've kind of tied our hands.
UNK: As soon as this hits your intestines, I'll look at it through an endoscope.
Cameron : Stewart, I know you don't want to talk about this,
Cameron : but people who get shot often get PTSD.
Cameron : It's nothing to be ashamed of.
Cameron : It's very treatable with drugs and therapy.
Stewart : It's not PTSD.
Stewart : My girlfriend was with me when I got shot, and she died.
Cameron : I'm sorry.
Cameron : But that's what I mean. I lost someone myself.
Cameron : I know it's traumatic.
UNK: No. What I'm trying to say is that
Stewart : I was like this before the shooting, since I was a kid.
Stewart : Everything was hard for me.