Chase : What did you do?
Cuddy : Well done. Your patient called his lawyer, threatened to sue us,
UNK: is now heading home completely undiagnosed.
House : He'll soon be on his way back.
House : He's sick. He'll crash, he'll lose consciousness,
UNK: and I'll declare an emergency, bring him back in.
UNK: Not any more you won't. His lawyer now holds his health care proxy.
Cuddy : The next time we have an emergency,
Cuddy : Larry Ruseckas, Esquire, will be calling the shots.
Cameron : I made the right call. If he had flipped out after major surgery,
UNK: it would have been worse.
Cuddy : The benefit of being boss is that I don't have to argue.
Cuddy : You're all off the case.
Cameron : What's going on between you and Cuddy?
UNK: Bad loving gone bad.
Cameron : Seriously, why didn't you argue with her? She just threw us off the case.
House : Because ignoring her is a lot easier.
House : Convince the patient to let us back in again.
House : See if you can clear his blockage with lactulose.
House : If this thing kills him before we can diagnose, it won't be fun anymore.
UNK: Okay.
Wilson : You're going to keep working on this?
Cameron : Yeah. I brought in the case.
Chase : There is no case. He's gone, you've been tossed. This is totally nuts.
Cameron : He's incredibly sick. We don't know...
UNK: Fine, forget about the patient.
Chase : What is going on with you?
Chase : This is why we left House's team.
Chase : To avoid this constant flood of pure craziness.
Cameron : That's why I left House. You got fired.
Cameron : I'm sorry. I know I let you down.
Cameron : But you know who else I let down?
Cameron : Pretty much everyone who's important to me.
Cameron : My boss, my old boss,
Cameron : my boyfriend.
Cameron : I did that for you.
Cameron : I'm not gonna let you down again.
Wilson : It's like the red badge of idiocy.
House : If the Confederacy had mosquitoes,
House : we'd all have Southern accents, and I'd be paying Foreman less.
Wilson : She kicked you off the case.
Wilson : This is what happens when you don't address it.
Wilson : She acts weird, things get different.
House : You understand that different implies difference?
House : She's tossed me a million times before.
Wilson : No, she always chastises you,
Wilson : and you'd always come running to me to complain,
Wilson : so you're acting different, too.
Wilson : You're scared. You are scared to get involved.
UNK: How is that scared? It's rational.
House : Emotionally mature people who work together should not date.
House : Guaranteed break-up, guaranteed ugliness.
Wilson : Any relationship that doesn't end in a break-up, ends in death.
Wilson : Everything falls apart in the end.
Wilson : That's your worldview.
Wilson : The corollary, which you keep forgetting,
Wilson : is that you have to grab any chance for happiness.
House : Why does this matter so much to you?
House : Cuddy and I are fine.
House : The only person getting worked up here is you.
Wilson : I don't want you to be fine, I want you to be happy.
Wilson : I think if you dated her...
House : Are you familiar with the adverb "vicariously"?
Wilson : If I wanted to ask her out...
House : You did ask her out.
Cameron : Last year. Whatever happened there?
Chase : I don't know, I wasn't interested.
UNK: Wrong.
House : You were interested, but Amber grabbed your genitals first.
UNK: And now you're single, and it makes you miserable,
UNK: but you think it's too soon for another relationship,
House : so you're gonna make me miserable.
House : Please. Get a girlfriend or a life or something.
Stewart : For me.
House : Better or worse?
House : Well, then one of us wasn't paying attention
House : because I thought that surgery thing was just a trick.
Cameron : We prepared the room. We hung the drapes. It's probably 10 times as sterile
Cameron : as any mobile operating theater you'd find in a battlefield.
House : We still need Trapper John.
Cameron : Chase doesn't want anywhere near this surgery.
House : I can't understand a word he says.
UNK: Taub, you doing anything later?
Taub : Blood in the field.
Taub : Not where I'm looking.
Kutner : How am I supposed to know where you're looking?
Taub : Here's a hint. It's the bloody part.
Kutner : The whole thing's bloody. It's a guy with a hole in his body.
Taub : It's like you've never done this before. Use the suction.