Cameron : 35-year-old male, crushing headache, and three seizures in the last two days.
UNK: So it's a bleed, a clot, a tumor, metabolic or infection.
UNK: Stick him in the CT and... Can't.
House : I'm assuming he has a giant head.
Cameron : Severe agoraphobe. The world scares the hell out of him.
Cameron : So we can only test him with whatever we can take to him.
UNK: Fun. The agoraphobia a symptom?
Cameron : Only of being shot.
Cameron : He and his girlfriend were mugged seven years ago. It's when it started.
House : Anybody can hate humanity after getting shot.
UNK: It takes a big man to hate it beforehand.
UNK: How did you get this case, if he didn't come to the ER?
Cameron : I talked to him through his door when he had flu last year.
Cameron : I run the Community Outreach Program now.
House : See? Perfectly reasonable explanation.
House : She's definitely not here trying to work her way back on the team
House : and steal your job or anything.
Taub : It's a legitimate question. He agreed to meet with us.
Cameron : But even if I can get inside his house,
Cameron : his brain is a black box.
Cameron : We can pick this up in a minute.
House : What's this? Takeout menus.
Cuddy : But I'm hoping you'll come up with a better answer
Cuddy : when everyone asks what we're talking about.
Cuddy : Last night... Forget it.
Cuddy : I know this is awkward, but we need to talk.
House : There's a reason that we've evolved the feeling of awkwardness.
House : It tells us not to talk about things.
Cuddy : I was emotional because of the adoption falling through,
Cuddy : and you actually let your human side show for a moment.
Cuddy : That is why we kissed.
Cuddy : I just want to say thank you for not taking advantage.
House : You're welcome. Any time you want to stop kissing, I'm there for you.
Cameron : Portable equipment can't distinguish a bleed or a tumor, can't see vasculitis.
Thirteen : What did Cuddy want?
UNK: I kind of hit that last night, so now she's all on my jock.
Thirteen : Wow. She looks pretty good for someone on roofies.
Cameron : The only equipment we have is a sonogram and a portable x-ray.
UNK: What part of "olivine, pyroxene and amphibole" don't you understand?
UNK: Pyroxene? "Pyro" means "fire."
UNK: They're indicator minerals.
Cameron : You can't see diamonds, so you look for the indicator minerals.
Cameron : I assume the diamond is the tumor or bleed or whatever it is.
Foreman : Provoke a seizure.
Foreman : The indicator is the increased electrical activity focused around the abnormality.
Foreman : We do an EEG, see the focus,
Foreman : see where the problem is, which tells us what the problem is.
House : The Formster and the Camster, kicking it old school.
House : Thank God she's not trying to steal your job.
House : Go do it, and search the home for toxins.
Stewart : I agreed to talk, not to let you in.
Cameron : You could be very sick.
Cameron : We need access. I'm just not ready.
Taub : Why does he have two locked doors?
Thirteen : He must use this room as an airlock.
Thirteen : Deliveries in, garbage out, he never has to go outside.
Cameron : Just tell us when you are. We're not going away.
UNK: Seriously? You want her to admit
Thirteen : that all he has to do is ignore us for a few minutes and we'll take off?
Kutner : He was shot, girlfriend killed.
Kutner : He probably has post-traumatic stress disorder.
Kutner : He doesn't believe in a just universe, he doesn't trust anyone.
Kutner : Give him some honesty.
Cameron : I shouldn't have implied we'd wait forever.
Cameron : We've got a whole hospital full of patients. We can give you a few minutes,
Cameron : but eventually, if you don't let us in we're going to have to leave.
Stewart : Just one person comes in.
Cameron : No, we've got to search the whole house for toxins.
Cameron : How about I examine you in one room, and my colleagues will do the search?
UNK: I'm going to try to provoke a seizure.
Cameron : I need you to look straight ahead, okay?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Are you all right? Yeah, I just...
Stewart : I haven't been in a room with anyone for a while.
UNK: Okay, can you just give me a second? Sure.
UNK: Okay.
Stewart : You're the person I talked to through the door last year, right?