UNK: INDISTINCT
UNK: Detectives.
UNK: Clifford Lee : I assume you're here about Jane.
UNK: Clifford Lee : Please, sit.
Beckett : I understand Jane was an employee of yours, is that correct?
CLIFFORD : She tutored my son, Ben.
UNK: Clifford Lee : This is Ben.
UNK: Clifford Lee : My other sons, Philip, David, Steven.
Ryan : When was the last time you saw Jane, Ben?
UNK: Ben Lee : Last week. We had an appointment
UNK: Ben Lee : the day before yesterday, but she canceled.
Beckett : And where would you meet?
Ben : Sometimes at school, sometimes at my house.
Ryan : Was Jane a good tutor? Did you like her, Ben?
Ben : She was okay.
UNK: Phillip Lee : What's with all these questions?
UNK: Phillip Lee : He just said he hadn't seen her.
UNK: Philip.
Beckett : The truth is, Mr. Lee,
Beckett : we've uncovered some information about Jane
Beckett : that a man in your line of work might find troubling.
UNK: Clifford Lee : You mean that she was an informant.
UNK: Clifford Lee : Jane told me herself, about a month ago.
UNK: Clifford Lee : She said that a bad cop had framed her
UNK: Clifford Lee : and is forcing her to help him.
UNK: Clifford Lee : I told her that there was nothing to tell this man about us,
UNK: Clifford Lee : because we are honest businessmen.
UNK: Clifford Lee : I hoped the officer would grow tired
UNK: Clifford Lee : of waiting and leave her alone,
UNK: Clifford Lee : but unfortunately that did not happen.
UNK: Clifford Lee : I'm afraid your killer may be closer to home than you think.
Beckett : We've already ruled out Detective Carver.
UNK: SCOFFS Of course.
Ryan : And what were you honest businessmen
UNK: doing between 10 : 00 p.m. and midnight on the night Jane was killed?
UNK: Clifford Lee : We were home watching television.
UNK: Clifford Lee : Please feel free to speak to any of my household staff
UNK: Clifford Lee : if you wish to verify this information.
Ryan : We will.
UNK: Alexis Castle : Hey, Dad. What's all that?
Castle : Convict reports.
Castle : I'm trying to figure out which bad guy Jerry Tyson gave Ryan's gun to.
MARTHA : Any luck?
Castle : I'm looking for the proverbial needle in the haystack.
UNK: Ah!
UNK: Something in that box has a link to Tyson. I'm just not seeing it.
Alexis : Well, I'd offer to help, but I've got all these complaint letters to read.
Beckett : What, did you drop out of school
Castle : and get a job in consumer relations?
UNK: No.
Alexis : The senior class made me
Alexis : their executive liaison advocate to the administration.
Castle : Well, that sounds like quite an honor.
Alexis : Not really.
Martha : Ivy League schools look fondly on applicants
Martha : who serve in student government.
Martha : Alexis is beefing up her resume
Martha : before she reapplies to Stanford.
Alexis : Or anywhere. If I even go to college at all.
Alexis : Chelsea's been our advocate for the last three years.
Alexis : And when I told her I wanted to be more involved,
Alexis : she offered to step aside and let me take over the position.
Castle : Well, that was nice of her. Not really.
UNK: Again with the "not really."
Alexis : I didn't know when I agreed to do it, but you just sit there
Alexis : for hours and hours and listen to everyone complain.
Alexis : I think Chelsea just got tired of it
Alexis : and figured she could stick me with the job.
Alexis : And I thought she was my friend, but I guess...
Alexis : Not really.
UNK: MARTHA CHUCKLES
Martha : Face it, kiddo. Chelsea set you up.
UNK: CASTLE LAUGHS
Castle : She set you up.
Castle : Your friend set you up.
Ryan : The Lees' entire household staff
Ryan : confirms that the family was at home watching television
Ryan : the night Jane Herzfeld was killed.
Seth : Yeah, well, there's no surprise there.
Beckett : Hey, how'd it go at Grand Central?
Esposito : Good. I found this.
Esposito : Check the tag. It belongs to Jane Herzfeld.
Ryan : Where was it?
Esposito : At the mailbox center where Jane bought a box.
UNK: She was using it as a locker to hold this bag,
Esposito : along with $500 in cash.
Ryan : There's men's clothes and toiletries mixed up in here.
Esposito : And two tickets on the late train
Esposito : to Phoenix for the night she died.
Esposito : She was looking to get out of town, but she wasn't going alone.