UNK: You expect us to believe that you worked the case for years,
UNK: and then one lucky Saturday night
Ryan : you just happen to roll up on the perfect CI?
Ryan : I did my time in Narcotics, Carver.
Ryan : I know a shortcut when I hear one.
UNK: Well, gee, Ryan. If I didn't know any better,
Seth : I would think you were accusing me
Seth : of something untoward. Whoa. Hey.
Ryan : You targeted Jane Herzfeld.
Ryan : You planted those drugs in her car
Ryan : and then you made her help you out.
Ryan : You sent her in there alone.
UNK: No backup, no protection, and now she's dead.
Seth : Yeah, well, I didn't make her dead.
Ryan : The hell you didn't. You may've not pulled the trigger,
Ryan : but you're as guilty as the creep who did.
UNK: What about you, man? Hmm? Look at yourself.
Seth : Word around the house is that that creep used your gun.
Seth : What kind of cop can't keep a hold of his own weapon?
UNK: What'd you say to me? Huh? Let's go.
Ryan : Say it! Say it! I want you to say it! Say it to my...
UNK: Hey, break it up. Break it up.
Beckett : We're all cops here. Okay?
UNK: If you're all done, I think I'll take my leave now.
Beckett : Yeah. Thanks for your help, Carver.
Seth : You got it.
BECKETT : What are you trying to do?
Beckett : You want the Captain to come in here?
Beckett : Go cool off.
UNK: That guy's a jerk.
UNK: CHUCKLES
Ryan : When I started in Narcotics,
Ryan : I was so green, I didn't know how things got done.
UNK: One day there was this major bust, street gang cooking meth.
Ryan : They're stacking up guys in the bullpen,
Ryan : taking their statements one by one. The place is a zoo.
Ryan : I'm answering phones in the squad.
UNK: There's a girl on the line, name of Alisha, asking for my lieutenant.
Ryan : So I call out across the bullpen,
UNK: "Hey, Loo, Alisha's on the phone for you."
UNK: It was her tip that got these guys nailed,
Ryan : and all of them just heard me call out her name.
Ryan : Searched all day and all night, looking for her
Ryan : before the gang could get word back
Ryan : to the street that she was a narc.
Beckett : Well, did you find her?
UNK: Mrs Herzfeld : I did.
Ryan : Got her into Witness Protection.
UNK: But that was the stupidest thing I'd ever done as a cop.
Ryan : Until the day Jerry Tyson got the drop on me and stole my weapon.
Ryan : Carver is a jerk,
Ryan : but he's got a point.
UNK: Come on.
Beckett : You know what Carver could have a point about, is Ben Lee.
Beckett : If Ben did tip to Jane, then that's a strong motive.
Beckett : You up for a trip to Chinatown?
Ryan : Hell yeah.
Esposito : Yo, Uniforms at Grand Central caught a break.
Esposito : They found a clerk who works at a mailbox center around the corner
Esposito : who says he rented a box to Jane on the day she died.
Esposito : I'm going to go check it out. You wanna roll with me?
Ryan : No, I'm with Beckett.
UNK: Castle, you wanna come?
UNK: Huh?
Castle : I was just thinking.
Castle : If our killer is someone in Lee's organization,
UNK: then he must've gotten your gun from Jerry Tyson.
Ryan : Which means our killer may know Tyson's whereabouts.
Ryan : We nail him, we nail 3XK.
UNK: But there's nothing in Tyson's background
Beckett : that indicates a connection to the Chinese mob.
Castle : Maybe the shooter is connected to the Lees.
Castle : Someone Tyson crossed paths with
UNK: during his four years in prison.
Castle : Someone working for the tong.
Castle : If I find out who that someone is, maybe we have our shooter.
UNK: Wading through four years of prison records, it's a lot of work.
Castle : I don't mind.
UNK: All right, let's go.
UNK: HORNS BLARING
UNK: VOICES OVERLAPPING