UNK: Meets with shifty-looking individuals he calls "associates."
Bartender : One time, his jacket rolled up in the back, he was strapped.
UNK: Sounds like a drug dealer.
Beckett : All right, so what time does Seth usually come in?
UNK: About 3 : 00.
Bartender : Stay if you want, but I gotta get back to work.
Castle : So, how's Ryan holding up?
UNK: Three days after my last tour in Iraq, I'm at a diner with friends.
Esposito : A car backfires.
Esposito : My friends look around, I'm under the table.
Esposito : Ryan's just waiting for the next hit.
Ryan : Here's what I don't get. What's a drug dealer doing with my gun?
Beckett : Maybe Tyson sold it to him,
Beckett : or tossed it and Seth found it.
Ryan : That doesn't sound like Jerry Tyson.
Ryan : 3XK always has a plan.
Ryan : So maybe Seth is a patsy?
UNK: BELL TINKLING
UNK: DOOR SHUTS
UNK: How you feeling, Jojo?
Bartender : Hey, Seth, how's it going?
Beckett : Looks like you'll be able to ask him yourself.
Bartender : Hey, Seth, Detective Beckett, NYPD.
UNK: Hey!
UNK: RYAN ON RADIO : Back alley. He's on the move, on the move!
Beckett : Stop! Police!
UNK: TIRES SCREECHING
RYAN : NYPD!
UNK: Get up against the car! Right now!
Ryan : Gun. It's a Glock 17.
Esposito : You got a permit for this?
UNK: Sure do, Ponch. I'm a cop.
Seth : Detective Seth Carver, Narcotics.
Seth : Do me a favor and put me in the vehicle
Seth : before you blow my cover completely, will you?
Seth : So let me guess.
Seth : You talked to her mom and her girlfriends,
Seth : and all of them said that Jane was an angel. Am I right?
UNK: So you're saying she wasn't?
Seth : I'm saying that when I met her,
Seth : I was pulling her over for blowing a red light,
UNK: and she had two grams in the glove compartment.
Ryan : Jane didn't do drugs.
UNK: What can I tell you? Little miss was riding dirty.
Ryan : You didn't charge her. There's nothing in the system.
UNK: Right.
Seth : That's because when I asked her where the coke came from,
Seth : she told me Ben Lee gave it to her.
Ryan : Who's Ben Lee? SETH : Who's Ben...
UNK: SCOFFS
Seth : Son of Clifford Lee.
Seth : He's the head of the Han Yi Tong.
Seth : Operates out of a dim sum house on Mott Street.
UNK: What's the Han Yi Tong?
Beckett : Tongs are a Chinese merchant organization.
Beckett : Most of them are legit, but some of them are a fro for the Chinese mob.
Castle : So Clifford Lee would be like the Godfather.
Beckett : Oh, yeah.
UNK: How was Jane supposed to help you get to Clifford Lee
Ryan : based on one coke buy off his kid?
Seth : When it comes to education, Clifford Lee is old-school Chinese.
Seth : His sons may be drug-dealing criminals,
Seth : but they still need to graduate college.
Esposito : Ben Lee was one of her students.
Esposito : She was tutoring him.
SETH : Twice a week she was in their house.
Seth : I told her I would drop the possession charges
Seth : if she brought me some solid intel on Lee's criminal operations.
Seth : She said okay.
Seth : And somehow she tipped them off and they killed her.
Ryan : That's it?
Seth : I just handed you a solid lead. What? He wants more?
Ryan : Yeah, how about the truth?
UNK: Come on, Ryan, keep it together.