RYAN : Yes, sir.
Ryan : Tyson got the drop on us and left with my gun and badge.
Beckett : Look, Detective Ryan was cleared of all wrongdoing by the IAB.
GATES : I don't care whose fault it is.
Gates : All I care about is mitigating the damage.
Gates : Which means we track down Jerry Tyson like the animal he is,
Gates : and we haul him into custody.
Ryan : Yes, sir.
UNK: DOOR OPENS
Castle : You okay?
Ryan : I will be when Jerry Tyson's in cuffs.
Esposito : Beckett, McQueen's alibi checks out.
UNK: Waitress confirms he w as at Angeli's Diner on t he East Side until closing.
Beckett : All right, cut him loose.
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : You know, Ryan, if Tyson is the shooter, that explains Jane.
Castle : No direct motive, just fits his profile.
Castle : She's young, she's blonde.
BECKETT : Yeah, but 3XK strangled those other women.
Beckett : Why would he use a gun now?
Castle : He told me he likes to change up his MO.
UNK: Yeah, he must've mentioned that
Ryan : when I was out cold on the floor.
Castle : You know, Ryan, none of this is your fault.
Castle : The fact that he used your gun...
Ryan : That weapon was issued to by the City of New York.
Ryan : I let it out of my hand, and now a girl is dead.
Ryan : So please do not tell me tha it's not my fault.
UNK: CLEARS THROAT
UNK: I'm gonna start a canvass at Jane's apartment.
Ryan : Have them show Tyson's photo around.
Ryan : Find out when Jane's roommate's back in town.
BECKETT : Okay.
UNK: SIGHS
Beckett : It's a cop thing, Castle.
Castle : No, I get it.
Esposito : Yo, CSU pulled information off Jane's Metro Card and ATM records.
Esposito : She spent most of yesterday at Grand Central Station.
UNK: Yeah, over a four-hour period, she made multiple withdrawals
Beckett : out of three ATMs in and around the train station.
Beckett : $800 worth.
Castle : So she canceled a day of work
Castle : to hang out at a train station and empty her bank account?
Castle : That was the important thing that came up?
ESPOSITO : I'll send a team over there first thing.
UNK: Have them to talk to vendors See if anybody remembers seeing her.
CASTLE : Or Tyson.
Castle : He stalked his victims before he killed them.
Castle : It's like I've been holding my breath for a year,
Castle : waiting for this day to come.
Castle : A whole year of wondering about him, hating him,
Castle : dreaming about him, trying to think like him,
Castle : but still having no clue how to catch him.
UNK: It's not your job to catch a serial killer.
Castle : Because I'm not a cop.
Castle : I like to pretend I'm Beckett's partner, like I'm one of them,
Castle : but days like today I realize
UNK: that I've just been play acting. SCOFFS
UNK: Your "play acting" once helped save New York City, as I recall.
Martha : Be there for your friends.
Martha : Stand beside them. Work together.
Martha : That's plenty useful.
Martha : Trust me.
UNK: I'm sorry. I don't know him.
UNK: Room Mate : Jane and I were only roommates for six months.
UNK: Room Mate : Maybe he was the guy she was seeing.
Ryan : Jane had a boyfriend?
UNK: Room Mate : She wouldn't tell me about him and she wouldn't let him come around.
Ryan : Why wouldn't Jane talk about him?
UNK: She said that he had some things he needed to figure out
UNK: Room Mate : before they could go public.
UNK: Room Mate : Honestly, I just thought maybe he was married.
UNK: But then like six weeks ago,
UNK: Room Mate : things changed.
Beckett : Changed how?
UNK: Room Mate : She was crying all the time,
UNK: Room Mate : and she would get phone calls really late at night,
UNK: Room Mate : and be really upset afterwards.
Beckett : Do you remember a specific time
Ryan : or day when Jane g ot one of these calls?
UNK: Last Thursday, around 11 : 00.
UNK: Thursday night at 11 : 04, Jane got a call on her cell.
UNK: Our guys say that call originated
UNK: on a pay phone in Sammy's Bar in Midtown.
Beckett : Two calls a week to the same number over the last six weeks.
Ryan : It's him.
Bartender : I've seen her, a couple times.
Bartender : Yeah, came in with Seth.
Ryan : Is this Seth?
Bartender : Nah, that ain't him.
UNK: You're sure? Take a good look this time.
Bartender : Seth's a regular. That ain't him.
UNK: But if you wanna talk to Seth, just stick around.
Bartender : He usually comes in he re pretty much every day.
Beckett : Doing what?
Bartender : He uses that phone over there a lot.