Ryan : The truth, Finn.
Ryan : The truth sets you free.
Ryan : I've been looking for it all night,
UNK: and I finally found it.
Ryan : Who knew the truth would be hiding in a juvie report from 1996?
UNK: You got grabbed up moving paper for a Chinatown bookie.
Ryan : Do you remember who bailed you out? Hmm?
Seth : Clifford Lee.
UNK: You've been working for the Le es for years.
Ryan : Little jobs.
UNK: Because, well, Finn, let's face it, you're kind of a screw up.
Ryan : But you wanted more.
Ryan : So when you found out Ben Le needed a tutor,
Ryan : you recommended your ex, Jane,
Ryan : thinking it would earn you points with the family.
UNK: Then you watched it all go sideways
UNK: when Jane and Ben fell in love, and decided to leave town.
Ryan : You thought what if the family blamed you?
Ryan : 'Cause no one leaves the family business, not even for love.
Ryan : So you tried to make h er change her mind.
Ryan : You fought, but you couldn't change her mind.
UNK: So you made a call to Philip and then Philip went and got Jane.
UNK: Remember this, Finn?
Ryan : I talked to her mother.
Ryan : She says you gave this cross to Jane on her 21st birthday.
Ryan : She was holding it when she died.
Ryan : For comfort. SOBBING
Ryan : Because she knew she was gonna die.
Ryan : She was so afraid.
UNK: SOBS
BASKIN : Let me make sure I got this straight.
Attorney : Finn McQueen claims that he phoned my client and told him
Attorney : that his brother Ben was leaving town with Jane Herzfeld.
Attorney : To which my client allegedly replied, "I'll take care of it."
Attorney : Is that all you've got?
Attorney : We've already established that Philip was at home
Attorney : with his family when the girl was shot.
Beckett : Well, then why was his cell phone on West 12th Street?
UNK: Your client made a phone cal to his parents' house at 11 : 30 p.m.
UNK: That call pinged off a tow off the West Side Highway,
UNK: which is a couple of blocks from our murder scene.
UNK: Were you calling your father Letting him know the job was done?
BASKIN : Please, Detective. His phone pinged?
Attorney : You know that's not enough to charge him with murder.
Beckett : Not yet, but give me some time.
Beckett : Listen, if your client wants to talk deal...
UNK: Dream on. Let's go, Philip.
UNK: When you killed that girl you used my weapon to do it,
Ryan : and now I carry that weight.
Ryan : Trust me when I say to you
UNK: that I will not re st until I make you carry it, too.
Attorney : Hey! We're done here. And if you attempt to contact
Attorney : my client or his family again without first notifying my office,
Attorney : we'll sue the department for harassment.
UNK: All right. Okay, we got it.
GATES : This is the second time you've gone at the Lees with nothing.
UNK: Now Philip Lee has lawyered up,
Gates : he's probably gotten rid of the gun,
Gates : and he has four family members and various household help
Gates : willing to alibi him for the time of the murder.
Ryan : The cell phone puts him in the vicinity of the murder scene.
UNK: Vicinity. Finn McQueen says...
Gates : Finn McQueen cannot testify to what happened, Castle.
Gates : He wasn't there.
Gates : Make your case,
Gates : but you do it now, without harassing the Lee family.
Beckett : Sir, we need to keep leaning on them. We need to keep the heat on.
Gates : No, you need to stay away. And that's an order.
Beckett : So, what? We just write the name
Ryan : of Jane's killer in a file and we let him walk free?
Ryan : That makes us clerks, not cops.
Gates : Take the rest of the day off, Ryan.
Gates : You need to clear your head.
ESPOSITO : It's not over yet, bro.
UNK: We just need someone to go on record.
Ryan : Someone who knows what happened that night.
UNK: Yeah, the only one who really knows is Philip Lee.
UNK: Where you going?
UNK: I'm gonna do just like the Captain said, take the rest of the day off.
Esposito : Hey. Wherever you're going, I'm going with you.
UNK: It's my fight.
Esposito : And you don't want me getting involved.
Esposito : It's my case, too.
Esposito : And you're my partner.
Ryan : I'm taking a run at Ben Lee.