UNK: Hi. So I'm doing the Soap Opera Digest crossword puzzle...
UNK: ...and guess who is the clue for three down?
UNK: "Days of Our Lives star, blank Tribbiani."
UNK: That's me! I'm blank!
UNK: How cool! We know three down. I'm touching three down.
Joey : Yeah, you are, baby.
UNK: Three down knows I'm married. What's three down doing?
UNK: Do they call to tell you you're in it?
UNK: No. They wanted to do a profile on me. I said no.
UNK: Why'd you say no?
UNK: Remember the last interview I did?
UNK: I said I write my own lines, the writers got mad...
UNK: ...and I fell down an elevator shaft. Who knows what I'd say now?
Chandler : If only there was something in your head to control what you say.
UNK: Come on, you'll keep it in check this time.
UNK: The publicity would be good for you. You deserve that.
UNK: In the interview, you could mention, I don't know, "gal pal Rachel Green."
UNK: Is that "gal pal" spelled L-O-S-E-R?
UNK: - Okay, don't listen to him. Please? - Fine, all right, I'll do it.
UNK: You have to be there to stop me if I say something stupid.
UNK: Just then, or all the time? Because we have jobs, you know?
UNK: We'll be there the whole time. Just remember :
Rachel : Gal pal, Rachel Green.
UNK: I'm gonna be in Soap Opera Digest! And not just in the dumb crossword.
Rachel : Seriously, proud of you.
UNK: No. We're just four people with neck problems, who talk like this.
UNK: It's great that we met here.
UNK: When people hear the magazine's paying, they want a big, fancy restaurant.
UNK: Actually, I didn't know the magazine was paying.
UNK: Wouldn't have mattered. I do this for the fans, not the free food.
Gunther : - Can I get you anything? - Coffee.
UNK: And I'll have all the muffins.
Ross : - Hey. - We're not talking.
Phoebe : Oh, finally.
UNK: The Interviewer : According to your bio, you've done quite a bit of work.
UNK: Anything that you're particularly proud of?
UNK: All you want is a dingle
UNK: What you envy's a shwang
UNK: A thing through which you can tinkle
UNK: Or play with, or simply let hang
Host : This ever happen? You want a glass of milk...
UNK: ...but these darn cartons are so hard to open!
UNK: Boy, you said it, Mike.
UNK: - There's gotta be a better way! - There is, Kevin!
Mike : This is the first time he's ever used this. It's easy.
UNK: - This works in any milk carton. - It is easy.
UNK: Now I can have milk every day.
Lauren : So this is it, Victor?
Joey : Yeah, I guess it is. And so...
UNK: ...I'm gonna get on this spaceship...
UNK: ...and I'm gonna go to Blargon 7 in search of alternative fuels.
Joey : But when I return 200 years from now, you'll be long gone.
UNK: But I won't have aged at all.
Joey : So you tell your great-great- granddaughter to look me up.
UNK: Because, Adrian...
UNK: ...baby...
UNK: ...I'm gonna want to meet her.
Joey : Here I come. I'm coming to fix the copier.
Joey : I can't get to the copier. I'm thinking, "What do I do?"
UNK: So I just watch them have sex. And then I say... Wait, here's my line :
Joey : You know, that's bad for the paper tray.
Chandler : - Nice work, my friend. - Wait, you see me again.