Beckett : Thank you.
Castle : Did you get any sleep?
Beckett : Not much.
Castle : Anything new on our victim?
Beckett : We rechecked Orlando's rap sheet.
Beckett : Montgomery wasn't involved in any of his old arrests.
Beckett : That break-in wasn't personal.
Castle : What about the call he made before he was killed?
Beckett : It's from a burner phone. There's no registered owner.
UNK: Hey. Hmm.
Castle : You're not in this alone. I'm here.
UNK: Marisol Cartagena : I know.
ESPOSITO : Hey.
Esposito : So we may have been wrong about why they hit Montgomery's.
Ryan : Witnesses saw a Hispanic male fleeing the alley
UNK: in a late-model maroon DeVille.
Ryan : Apparently he had gang ink on his neck. A lion framed by a "C"?
UNK: Cazador?
Esposito : The very same gang that our victim ran with.
UNK: Gangs.
ESPOSITO : If this guy was in that alley,
Esposito : odds are he killed Orlando.
Beckett : Did we get a license plate?
Ryan : No, but according to Gang Task Force,
Ryan : the ride matches the c ar of one Vincente Delgado.
UNK: High-level shot caller for the Cazadores.
Ryan : And get this, his cousin, Diego Gutierrez,
Ryan : was busted by Montgomery for a double homicide in '95.
Esposito : His lawyers filed a motion for retrial
Esposito : a month after Montgomery was killed.
Beckett : Find him.
UNK: EXPLOSION
Ryan : NYPD! Let me see your hands right now!
Esposito : Don't move! Don't move! Don't move!
Ryan : Let me see your hands!
COP : It's clear!
UNK: Well, lookie here. 9mm.
Esposito : Just like the gun that killed Orlando Costas.
Diego : I already told you, I was nowhere near that alley.
Diego : Fact is, your witnesses are blind.
Beckett : The fact is, you knew Orlando Costas.
Diego : Yeah, I knew him. Once. Before he turned his back.
Castle : When was the last time you heard from him?
Diego : Not in years. Hours.
Beckett : Just before he was killed, Orlando called a burner cell.
Beckett : Same phone that we found on you.
Beckett : So why don't you just admit to it and save yourself 30 years?
UNK: You had him break into Roy Montgomery's house