CASTLE : Either this is the most boring dream I've ever had,
Castle : or you can't sleep either.
Alexis : It's not a dream. More like a nightmare.
Castle : Is this about your valedictorian speech?
UNK: It's my chance to say something important, something worthy.
Alexis : I don't want to blow it, but I feel like I have nothing to say.
Castle : You mean nothing compared to the great sacred texts of mankind,
UNK: or Winston Churchill's speech to Harrows,
Castle : or Steve Jobs' address to Stanford?
UNK: You know, maybe you should pick some speeches
UNK: just a little less daunting to compare yours to,
UNK: like Say Anything or Twilight.
Alexis : It's not supposed to be this hard.
Castle : You know, the most worthwhile things in life
Castle : are often the most difficult.
Castle : For example... PHONE RINGING
Castle : Wow, that really is a smart phone.
BECKETT : Of course you don't understand
UNK: why she's taking her graduation speech so seriously.
UNK: You were probably the guy
UNK: who had nothing on but boxers underneath his gown.
Castle : That is so insulting.
Castle : If you must know, I was naked underneath.
UNK: Oh, I'm sorry. I stand corrected.
Beckett : So how is the father of the graduate taking it?
Castle : I already have a plan to drown my sorrows.
Castle : After the ceremony, my mother goes off to the Hamptons,
Castle : Alexis will be doing her all-nighter,
Castle : I will be distracting myself
Castle : with a double feature of The Killer and Hard-Boiled.
Beckett : Wow. That is a double feature.
Castle : You like John Woo?
Beckett : The bloodier the better.
Castle : You wouldn't want to join me, would you?
Beckett : Actually, I'd love to.
UNK: You coming, Castle?
UNK: Yeah, it's...
ESPOSITO : Hey. BECKETT : So?
Esposito : So, we've got a Hispanic male, late 20s.
Esposito : Cabbie spotted the body about an hour ago and called it in.
UNK: CAMERA CLICKING We got an ID?
ESPOSITO : No. We checked his pockets.
Esposito : There's no phone, keys or wallet.
UNK: I'm checking prints right now.
Esposito : From the blood trail, it looks like he was shot
Esposito : before he entered the alley.
UNK: Lanie Parish : He was hit in the shoulder with what looks like a .357,
UNK: but the kill shot, point-blank, execution-style with a 9mm.
CASTLE : Two guns. Could be more than one shooter?
Beckett : Was CSU able to trace that blood trail from the first shot?
Esposito : Starts around the corner.
Esposito : There's no visible point of origin,
Esposito : but the teams are still looking.
Beckett : Well, this is a bad neighborhood.
Beckett : Maybe it was a mugging gone wrong?
LANIE : Maybe.
Lanie : These grooves in his shoulder indicate
Beckett : that he was carrying something.
Lanie : And it was heavy. I'd say at least 30 pounds.
Lanie : I'm even seeing traces of skin tissue in his fingernail.
Lanie : I may be able to get DNA.
UNK: But I'll know a lot mo re once I get him back to the morgue.
UNK: Uh, his pockets may have been empty,
Castle : but it looks like he was trying to hide something in his shoe.
BECKETT : Lock picks?
Castle : Now, why would someone be needing lock picks?
UNK: Kevin Ryan : He's a thief. Orlando Costas.
UNK: A couple of domestic B and Es,
UNK: Kevin Ryan : but suspected of a dozen more.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : He used to run with the Cazadores.
UNK: Cazadores?
Ryan : They're a violent street gang that deals in drugs, arms and larceny.
Ryan : But all of Orlando's priors are back when he was a teenager.
Ryan : He hasn't been arrested in years.
Castle : Maybe he got back in the game.
Ryan : I don't know. He went a long way to clean up his act.
UNK: Did four years active in the military,
Ryan : discharged with honors last year.
Ryan : Spent his rotation as an MP in Germany.
Castle : Military police? He really did clean up his act.
Beckett : If this guy went straight,
Beckett : then how did he end up dead in an alley?
Beckett : Did you check for next of kin?
Ryan : His folks are dead, but we managed to track down a girlfriend.
UNK: Marisol Castaneda. Esposito's bringing her in right now.
UNK: All I know is he was with in bed last night when I went to sleep.