Beckett : Let me guess. Untraceable?
Castle : So it's a dead end.
Ryan : The deposits are, but the debit withdrawals are not.
Castle : Right when the money came in Marisol started using it to pay bills.
Beckett : Wait, if Marisol knew about the money...
Esposito : Then she knew Orlando was up to something.
Beckett : She lied to us.
RYAN : Not only that, but according to the bank,
Ryan : she cleaned out the entire account an hour ago.
Beckett : She's on the run.
Beckett : Got a few questions for you before you leave town.
Beckett : And this time, I want the truth.
MARISOL : I'm telling you the truth.
Marisol : I didn't know anything about the money. Not until today.
Beckett : So why do we have debits against it
Beckett : the moment it appeared in your account?
UNK: Orlando...
Beckett : It was your card, Marisol!
Beckett : Who was Orlando working for?
Beckett : Do you know what's going to happen if you don't cooperate?
UNK: You're gonna go to jail, and your kid's gonna go to foster care.
Beckett : Is that what you want? Beckett.
Beckett : Marco on the streets,
Beckett : enlisted by the Cazadores at age 10 like his father,
UNK: dead in the gutter at 19!
UNK: SPEAKING SPANISH
Castle : Beckett, that's enough.
MARISOL : Orlando said it was someone he knew from the service.
Marisol : Someone dangerous.
UNK: But it was just a one-off.
Marisol : A lot of money for an easy job.
Marisol : And we needed the money.
Beckett : What was the job?
Marisol : They needed files.
Marisol : From a dead cop's house.
Castle : What files? All of them.
Marisol : Any he could find.
Beckett : This guy from the service, did you get a name?
UNK: No.
Beckett : Did you meet him? No.
Castle : Did he ever call the house?
Marisol : He left notes for Orlando in a mailbox with a time and a place.
Marisol : They were coded so I wouldn't know where.
Marisol : But I was in the car once.
Marisol : I saw where they met.
Marisol : At a church, over on State Street.
PRIEST : Wednesday, you say?
UNK: Yeah, around 3 : 00 p.m.
Beckett : He was meeting with someone.
Beckett : I'm sorry. I wish I could help.
Priest : But we're open to the public