Masters : Think House is coming in today?
Foreman : Maybe if we start offering spa treatments.
Masters : He already jumped off of a hotel balcony.
Masters : Who knows what he'll do next?
Chase : Ride some kind of prostitute chariot to work?
House : First person to offer me an interesting case gets to ride her,
UNK: single or double team.
House : My scooter.
House : Which now said out loud sounds even more inappropriate.
UNK: Seriously? You're bringing them to work now?
UNK: 23-year-old homeless man brought
Masters : into the ER with burn injuries and...
House : Let me guess. The diagnosis was fire?
Masters : He said his burning flesh smelt like liquorice
Masters : and the ER antiseptics like blueberry muffins.
UNK: Cool.
House : Dysosmia could be anything from an environmental factor
House : to an early sign of a degenerative brain disease.
House : Smells like a winner.
UNK: Okay, you and Chase go check out the park where they found him.
House : You two, load him up with prednisone, give him an odor ID test.
House : If he's still mistaking his body odors for candy,
House : problem's definitely in his brain.
House : Also find out what else he's lying about,
UNK: since I'm assuming Ferris Bueller is not his real name.
UNK: Why?
Masters : Seriously, who is that?
Taub : They say he's a righteous dude.
UNK: And before I forget, I want you to meet Dominika.
House : She's about to become a permanent member of Team House.
Dominika : Nice to be meetings you all.
Chase : Doing what exactly?
UNK: Me.
House : We're getting married on Friday.
House : Mount up.
Masters : I don't think that two people are supposed...
House : Living on the edge, baby doll.
Foreman : How's the arm? Hmm?
Danny : It hurts.
Danny : Do I have to check out now?
Masters : Not until we figure out why your sense of smell is off.
Masters : When was the first time you noticed it?
Danny : Maybe a couple months ago.
Foreman : We also need you to tell us your real name
Foreman : so we can review your medical records.
Danny : I didn't ask to come here.
Danny : Okay, I'm not paying for any of this.
Foreman : Don't worry, I don't think the collection agency has an office in the park.
Danny : I don't have a medical history.
Danny : I've always been healthy.
Foreman : What about those scars and burn marks?
Foreman : Lean forward.
Danny : My Dad.
Danny : We didn't exactly get along when I was a kid.
Masters : How many times were you hospitalized?