Cuddy : You were right.
Cuddy : You were all right.
Cuddy : Now the mom's lungs are shutting down.
Cuddy : She's dying faster than the baby's lungs are developing.
Cuddy : I had to stop the corticosteroids.
Wilson : Have you spoken to the family?
Cuddy : The only family she's got is that baby.
Wilson : Well, he's biased.
Emma : What do you think House would do?
Wilson : House wants to terminate.
Cuddy : I mean if he didn't.
Cuddy : If he shared my position, what do you think he would do?
Wilson : He wouldn't share your pain.
Wilson : He'd be objective.
UNK: Right.
Cuddy : He would prioritize his problems.
Wilson : He'd terminate.
Cuddy : He wouldn't be afraid of screwing with her lungs if there was a bigger issue.
Wilson : There is no bigger issue.
Wilson : She needs her lungs. Not right now.
Cuddy : She's already on a respirator.
Cuddy : The machine is breathing for her.
Cuddy : I can do whatever I want to her lungs.
Cuddy : If you're playing catch in the living room and you break your mother's vase,
UNK: you may as well keep playing catch. The vase is already broken.
Wilson : Yeah, except that room can't breathe without that vase.
Cuddy : I'm putting her back on corticosteroids.
UNK: KNOCK ON DOOR
Cuddy : It worked. What worked?
Cuddy : I got the baby's lungs to expand.
Cuddy : We should be able to figure... Cab's on its way.
House : I have to finish packing.
Cuddy : I have a whole new appreciation for what you do.
Cuddy : How hard it is to believe when everyone around you
Cuddy : is telling you that you're wrong.
House : Helps to know they're idiots.
Cuddy : Do you think I'm an idiot?
House : You're not objective.
House : But you're not an idiot.
UNK: These lungs are still two weeks away from being viable.
Cuddy : But big enough for a diagnosis.
House : These tissue buds are new.
House : Could indicate bronchopulmonary sequestration
House : or diaphragmatic eventration.
UNK: I was thinking bronchogenic cyst or bronchial atresia.
House : Could be lung lesions, CCAM.
Cuddy : What about...
UNK: Move.
Cameron : Thought you started your vacation.
House : Somebody had to save our boss's rotundous ass.
House : Latest MRI of the Sloan fetus.
Foreman : Small buds in the lungs could indicate... Thanks.
UNK: Got the multiple choice all worked out.
House : Question is, how do we pick between A, B, C, D, and none of the above?
UNK: Portable MRI is in her room. We could get a current image.
UNK: The fetal lungs are so tiny the MRI won't give us the detail we need.
House : What would we do if this patient were not just a tadpole?
House : Say it was an actual person.
Cuddy : He is a person.
House : Thanks for playing along.
Cameron : Pretend it's a one-pound adult.
House : Forget the mom, forget the womb, the placenta.
House : How would we get a better look at what's in the lungs?
Cameron : Transesophageal echo.
Chase : Can't access his esophagus.
UNK: High resolution CT could give us a clearer...
Chase : Too much radiation for a one-pound person.
House : You can't just shoot everything down, Chase.
House : You're not me. Collaborate.
Chase : A ventilation perfusion scan would be next.
House : How do we get a fetus to breathe in a radioactive isotope, idiot?
Chase : If it were really a person and we had no other options
Chase : we'd do an exploratory surgery.
UNK: Cut into its chest and have a look around.
House : Let's do that.
House : You're the one who insists we treat it like a person.
House : I'll put it back when I'm done.