House : Hi. I'm Dr. House.
House : My boss says you're important.
House : Personally I don't get what's so hard about
House : making Scarlett Johansson look pretty.
House : Arms out in front of you.
House : Palms up like you're holding a pizza.
House : Close your eyes.
Emma : It's so easy you should consider a career change.
Emma : Probably make a lot more money.
House : Dr. Mackman tell you the clot was clear?
UNK: Yes.
UNK: And he said that you and the fetus are fine?
UNK: Yeah.
House : He didn't mention your pronator drift?
Emma : What's that mean?
House : Means Mackman is an idiot.
House : May I? Yeah.
UNK: So,
House : you take thousands of photos of someone,
House : but only one has to look good.
House : Kind of the opposite of my business.
Emma : It's not about looking good.
Emma : People are always hiding things.
Emma : I just keep shooting until I can see what's really inside them.
Emma : My eyes okay?
House : Eyes are gorgeous.
UNK: The vessels don't look so hot.
House : Microaneurysms predict further strokes.
UNK: This is gonna happen again?
House : Unless I can figure out the underlying cause.
House : Puff up your cheeks.
House : You should be able to keep the air in. Means there's weakness around the mouth.
House : So where'd you learn to self-diagnose a stroke?
Emma : Oh, my baby's biological father is a neurologist.
Emma : He once told me the FAST mnemonic could save my life one day. So...
House : Interesting pet name.
House : Most people go with "husband" or "pookie."
Emma : He's gay.
Emma : Just a sperm donor. So when you...
House : You turned him for a night?
House : Just straight for one date?
UNK: Okay.
Emma : He took a magazine and a cup into my bathroom.
House : A man after my own heart.
House : Different magazine obviously.
House : I'm rescinding Mackman's discharge order.
House : My lackeys will be in to do some tests,
House : take some more blood and empty your catheter bag.
House : Not a moment you'll want to cherish.
Foreman : This is definitely different.
Chase : It looks almost like...
Cameron : He's caring.
House : Find anything else in the patient's folder? Like a diagnosis?
Foreman : Urinalysis revealed excessive protein and red blood cells.
Foreman : Chem panel showed a creatinine level over 2.5.
House : So first she strokes, now her kidneys are shutting down. Why?
Chase : Ultrasound showed no tumors or stones.
Chase : No signs of fetal distress. No urinary tract obstructions.
Cameron : BP is fine. No pre-eclampsia.
House : Any of you guys ever been to the Galápagos?
Foreman : Was our patient there?
Foreman : Dengue fever, avian pox, even West Nile.
UNK: No.
House : I'm looking for a vacation spot.
Chase : That mean we get vacation?
House : How would that differ from your current status?
UNK: You're gonna do what? Relax?
House : Visiting family.
House : My uncle's a giant turtle.
Cameron : What if the kidney failure came first?
UNK: Kidneys could've caused the stroke not the other way around.
House : Kidneys don't often get stuck in the brain.
Cameron : I'm saying it threw a clot.
Cameron : Early symptoms of kidney failure are nausea, vomiting, ankle swelling.
UNK: She would've mistaken it for morning sickness.
House : Heart's way more likely to throw a clot than a kidney.
UNK: Echo was normal. The history indicates no sign of cardiac problems.
House : No, but if one were to read the history closely,
UNK: one would notice that she had six cases of strep.
Foreman : In her throat. That's the one about 10 inches above her heart.
House : Let me rephrase, six cases of untreated strep.
Cameron : She was prescribed antibiotics.
House : No one takes them all.
House : They stop when they start feeling better. All strep is untreated strep.
House : What happens when strep goes untreated?
Chase : Leads to rheumatic fever.
House : Which leads to... Cameron?
Cameron : Mitral valve stenosis.
House : Which is a thickening in the valve of the... Kidney?
UNK: No.
House : The kidney doesn't have a mitral valve.
UNK: We'll go look at her heart.
House : Be easy to find.
House : It's the big red pumping thing about 10 inches below her throat.
Cameron : That was weird.
Chase : He was the way he always is.
Cameron : Which is weird.
UNK: Very still, Emma. Sorry.
Cameron : No problem.