House : Let me guess. Cameron?
Cuddy : Cameron and Chase both had their concerns.
House : No, Cameron had concerns.
House : Chase just agreed with her
House : because he didn't want to lose his all-access pass to her love rug.
Cuddy : They're sleeping together?
House : If by "sleeping together" you mean having sex in the janitor's closet.
UNK: Here?
House : No, the janitor's closet at the local high school.
UNK: Go, Tiger Cats!
House : Do you have one of those camera phones? 'Cause I got a MySpace account.
Cuddy : I will deal with them after I deal with you.
House : Oh, come on. Let's gossip some more.
House : I'm sure she's into bondage.
Cuddy : Paralyzing a one-pound baby risks damaging...
House : Not paralyzing the thing risks not getting a clean MRI of its heart,
House : which we need to save its life, which we need to do to save Emma's life.
Cuddy : You're gonna need to get her consent.
UNK: Well, that shouldn't be too hard.
UNK: "Sign here or you and your baby both die."
Cuddy : I'm going with you.
House : Oh, good.
Emma : You said sedation was risky. This sounds insane.
House : The injection goes into the umbilical cord.
Cuddy : The baby won't feel a thing.
UNK: Fetus.
House : I'm lowering expectations. It works here and on dates.
House : The benefits outweigh the risks
House : and the paralytic will wear off in an hour, okay?
Cuddy : Must be easier to hear you might die than your baby might die.
Cuddy : But if there's anyone I would trust to save my baby,
Cuddy : it would be Dr. House.
UNK: Fetus.
House : Hold this.
Cuddy : Dr. Cameron. The MRI results back?
UNK: The fetus's heart is structurally sound.
Chase : The problem's with the bladder. It's four times normal size.
Cuddy : Let me see.
Cameron : The bladder's so engorged it's taking up the whole torso,
UNK: squeezing all the other organs.
Cameron : There's no room for the lungs to develop.
Cuddy : The baby has a lower urinary tract obstruction.
Cuddy : We can fix that by inserting a shunt.
Cuddy : I'll give Emma the news.
Cameron : Are you taking over the case?
Cuddy : House won't care. He has his diagnosis.
UNK: Doctor Cameron.
Cuddy : Dating Chase can only end in one of two ways.
Cameron : House told you?
Cuddy : You get married and live happily ever after,
Cuddy : or somebody gets hurt and you two can't work together,
Cuddy : and I have to fire somebody.
Cameron : I would hate to see my personal life become such a burden to you.
Cuddy : I'm telling you this for your own good.
UNK: I assume you're gonna have this same conversation with Chase for his own good.
Cuddy : Chase isn't the one that's gonna get hurt here.
House : There's only room for one but I could skooch over.
Cameron : My social life is my social life.
House : Couldn't agree more.
House : What goes on in the privacy of a janitor's closet is nobody's business except...
Cameron : She told me to end it. Is that what you want?
House : I was actually hoping she'd fire one of you.
Tyson : What are you doing?
House : Trying to avoid altitude sickness.
House : Couldn't score a direct flight to Cambodia,
UNK: so I've decided to scale Argentina's infamous Mount Aconcagua.
Cameron : Perfect except for the fact that you can't walk.
House : There's a tribe of Mocoví Indians who actually carry the elders up...
Cameron : You're insane.
House : I'm an insane genius.
UNK: I set the chamber for low pressure instead of high.
House : Thinner air builds up the extra red blood cells,
House : creates new capillaries.
House : Few more days in here, I can save myself six weeks at base camp.
House : Where's my MRI?
Cuddy : There's a blockage in the urinary tract.
Cuddy : Simple terms, your baby can't pee.
Cuddy : His bladder is swollen and it's crushing his lungs.
Emma : Can you fix it?
Cuddy : We can insert a small tube in the baby's bladder
UNK: that makes the urine come out straight through his belly
Cuddy : for the duration of the pregnancy.
Cuddy : The bladder decompresses and the lungs will be able to develop normally.
Cuddy : When the baby gets better, you should get better.
Cuddy : First we just have to do a test
Cuddy : to determine whether the baby's kidneys are functioning properly.
Emma : And what if they're not?
Cuddy : If they're already too damaged, then there's really nothing we can do.
Cuddy : If this doesn't work out you can always try again.
Emma : I miscarried twice when I was married.
Emma : After the divorce, I tried in vitro like four times before this.
Emma : I'm 42. Maybe it's just not meant to be.