Emma : Well, can't you deliver him?
Emma : Put him on a respiratory machine till you figure out what's wrong?
House : We can. And it won't matter.
House : The fetus is still at least two weeks away from being viable.
Emma : Well, I'll suffer through this for two more weeks then.
House : You're on dialysis for your kidneys. Your kidneys can wait.
House : They don't make dialysis for your liver.
UNK: You're not gonna make it two more days.
Emma : I'm not gonna let you kill my baby.
House : It's killing you.
Emma : I'm not having an abortion.
UNK: It's not a baby. It's a tumor.
House : I understand dying for a cause.
House : Sacrificing your life so your child might live. But that's not the choice here.
House : Either it dies or you both die.
Emma : Or you fix him and we both live.
House : I can't fix it.
UNK: I'm scheduling a D&C.
Emma : I won't consent.
Emma : So I guess you have two days to figure it out.
House : Her kidneys are almost irreparable.
House : She's developed severe DIC. You have to force her to terminate.
Cuddy : Did you give corticosteroids to speed up the baby's lung development?
House : No. I dropped an anvil on its chest to prevent lung development.
House : I'm trying to extinguish the human race one fetus at a time.
Cuddy : Give the lungs more time to expand so you can see inside them.
Cuddy : See if they're the problem.
House : My real patient is dying.
House : Very quickly. Like I wouldn't advise her to buy any green bananas.
House : The fetus is nothing more than a parasite at this point.
House : Removing it is an instant cure.
UNK: You're not gonna get Emma to see it that way.
Cuddy : She's probably already named the baby,
Cuddy : read him books, had conversations with him.
House : See, you get it. She'll listen to you. No.
UNK: If you let this woman refuse to terminate, you're helping her commit suicide.
House : As her doctor my recommendation is against suicide.
Cuddy : If the baby had a doctor,
Cuddy : I think she would recommend exhausting all possibilities before taking its life.
House : Then she'd be an idiot.
Cuddy : Too bad she's your boss!
Cuddy : What if our original assumption is wrong?
House : It isn't.
Cuddy : If we assume she doesn't have mirror syndrome,
Cuddy : then terminating her pregnancy isn't gonna help her liver at all.
Chase : We eliminated all other possibilities.
Chase : The fetus is hydropic and in distress.
Chase : Emma's kidneys and liver are failing. The diagnosis is solid.
UNK: Wow! The ass-kisser won't agree with you.
House : You must be even wronger than I thought.
UNK: Fine.
Cuddy : Let's assume she had mirror syndrome
Cuddy : but we fixed it when we fixed the baby's bladder.
Cuddy : That means that her failing liver would be completely unrelated.
Cuddy : If it is, we can fix it and we don't have to terminate.
House : So her theory is that our patient's liver problems
House : were just a giant coincidence.
Cuddy : It's not a surprising coincidence.
Cuddy : Pregnant women can develop liver problems.
Cuddy : If this is the case, we can actually do something here.
Cuddy : Don't you guys think that's worth exploring?
Cameron : Acute fatty liver of pregnancy would have the same symptoms.
Emma : Thank you. Brownnoser.
Chase : Viral hepatitis, HELLP syndrome. Oh, look.
House : Sticking up for your girlfriend. Who says chivalry's dead?
Foreman : He's not joking?
House : Be patient. She's going through all of us. She'll get that jungle fever eventually.
Cameron : I'm not going through anyone. You love him?
Cuddy : This can probably wait until after you biopsy Emma's liver, right?
House : We can't. Her platelets are too low.
Foreman : Once we pierce her liver, it'll be next to impossible to stop the bleeding.
Cuddy : Come in from above.
Cuddy : Instead of going straight in through her abdomen,
Cuddy : go in through the veins in her neck.
Cuddy : Transjugular hepatic biopsy.
Cuddy : If the liver starts to bleed, it'll bleed right back into her own veins.
Cuddy : Why don't you start your vacation now?