UNK: Threading the guide wire through the right internal jugular vein.
Foreman : So, the sleep lab...
Foreman : You and Cameron not sleeping.
Foreman : How serious is it?
Chase : It's nothing.
Chase : She's only doing it to make House jealous.
Foreman : Then why are you doing it? You kidding?
Foreman : You're approaching the inferior vena cava. Slow down.
UNK: You better not hurt her.
Chase : She already has a big brother. She does?
Chase : You obviously care very deeply about her.
Foreman : I'm not protecting her. I'm protecting myself.
Foreman : A heartbroken, lovesick Cameron
Foreman : would be even more unbearable than she is now.
Foreman : You're through the hepatic vein.
UNK: MACHINE BEEPING I'm firing the needle.
Foreman : Heart rate and BP spiking. Get that out of her.
UNK: Fetus's heart rate just dropped to 50.
Chase : We've got contractions. Pre-term labor.
Foreman : Start a terbutaline drip!
Chase : We were able to control the pre-term labor with tocolytics.
Chase : The contractions have subsided for now.
UNK: And the liver biopsy was negative. This is definitely mirror syndrome.
Cameron : Her baby's doing this to her.
Foreman : We're out of options.
Cuddy : Did the biopsy cause the pre-term labor or did it happen on its own?
Chase : It doesn't make a difference.
Foreman : Pre-term labor can be a new symptom.
Cuddy : New information gives us new theories. Isn't that how it works?
Foreman : Not in this case.
Foreman : Her body's trying to do what you refuse to, get the baby out and save itself.
Cameron : Patient's transaminases are 10 times normal.
UNK: Her liver is on the verge of shutting down completely.
Cuddy : A torch test could...
Foreman : We don't have time for more tests.
House : We have to terminate or she'll die.
Cuddy : Then let's work faster.
Cameron : Medicine doesn't work faster just because you hope real hard.
Cuddy : But it could help to see what the baby's been hiding.
Cuddy : The only organ we haven't been able to look inside is its lungs.
Cuddy : The problem must be in there.
Cuddy : We haven't been able to see inside because they're underdeveloped.
Chase : We've already got her on corticosteroids, but it'll take weeks for them...
Cuddy : Then let's drown them in corticosteroids, multiple courses.
Cuddy : Speed up their development.
Foreman : Giving the baby more than one course will suppress adrenal gland function.
Chase : Have long-term adverse effects on fetal organ development.
Cuddy : Worse than death? Emma's already on tocolytics.
Cameron : The combination could put her into pulmonary edema.
Cameron : You'll just kill her faster.
Cuddy : It's the only chance we have to see inside those lungs.
UNK: We're just gonna have to make the baby better faster than we make Emma worse.
Cuddy : Come on! This is the kind of thing House does every day.
Foreman : House thought we should terminate six hours ago.
Cuddy : I'll do it myself.
UNK: Anybody gonna stop her?
Chase : Stopping the madness is her job.
Foreman : Somebody's got to be Cuddy's Cuddy.
UNK: Nurse!
Cameron : Pulmonary edema? Who tattled? It doesn't matter.
Wilson : There's a reason we don't give multiple courses of corticosteroids.
Cuddy : Gee, thanks.
Wilson : It's time to terminate.
Cuddy : That's not what she wants.
House : Look at her.
Wilson : She didn't want to be an incubator for a dead baby, but that's what you've done.
Cuddy : Either get me a laryngoscope or get out!