House : From guilt, not from courage.
House : And bravely running to Cuddy behind my back,
UNK: and arriving heroically late every day.
House : Cowards make lousy employees.
UNK: Well, maybe you're a coward, maybe you're quitting.
House : Either way, I'm screwed.
UNK: You'll note how Faster, Pussycat! Kill! Kill!
House : Has snuggled up by coma guy over there.
House : More importantly, she did yesterday as well.
House : And he's still breathing.
House : We done?
Morgan : Thank you for showing me this.
Morgan : But maybe she's just confused in this new environment.
House : In 1844, a preacher in upstate New York
House : added up some dates in the Bible and predicted Jesus' return.
House : His followers gave away all their possessions
House : and showed up in a field.
House : Guess who didn't show.
House : So the preacher said that he miscalculated,
House : and they went right back the next month,
House : but with more followers.
House : Every time he was irrefutably proved wrong,
House : it redoubled everyone's belief.
Morgan : I know I sound just like them.
Morgan : But I also know you're wrong.
Morgan : Something terrible is gonna happen to me.
UNK: You trying to prove to her she's not dying?
House : That would be dumb, as she might be dying.
Wilson : This woman lost her kid.
Wilson : Why are you attacking beliefs that give her a little bit of comfort?
Taub : I don't care if her superstitions make her feel better.
House : I just want her to think more clearly. Oh.
UNK: Maybe that can make her as happy as you are.
Wilson : Where are we going?
UNK: Experimenting.
House : Stop it, Dr. Wilson. It's just not cute anymore.
Wilson : You already experimented on the coma guy.
Wilson : Haven't you proved your point? Not to the patient,
House : and not to the millions of idiots
House : who drooled over that news item about the magic cat.
Wilson : Why are you so obsessed with this?
Wilson : Can't you just call her an idiot and leave everyone alone?
House : Hey, look, kids, therapy cat.
Billy : You're a liar. Therapy animals are dogs, not cats.
House : Aren't you feisty? This one's special.
House : If she likes you, interesting stuff happens.
Wilson : No. Okay. Kids, playtime's over.
Taub : You know what, this is a good thing.
Wilson : Because either you're starting to doubt yourself,
Wilson : which is healthy, or...
House : I don't believe in the legend of Goodbye Kitty.
Wilson : Or you're starting to give a crap what other people think,
Wilson : Which is just another way of saying
Wilson : you give a crap about other people.
House : I'd love to hear more of your theory, but I don't give a crap.
House : Also, the pillcam's back.
House : Polypoid. Raised edges.
Thirteen : Raised edges are actually necessary,
Thirteen : since that's the opening to the appendix.
Kutner : How many times are we gonna watch this? There's no tumor.
Neil : Oh, my God,
House : the Death Cat is attacking your legs, you're gonna die.
Kutner : Maybe it has something to do with that little red dot dancing around down there.
Neil : Oh, my God, the death laser
House : is attacking your legs, you're gonna die.
Thirteen : We're wasting time looking for cancer.
Thirteen : She's still walking around, she's still pretty healthy,
Thirteen : maybe it's something minor.
Kutner : Maybe we're not wasting time.
Kutner : We wouldn't have seen a flat lesion.
House : Skin cancer could have metastasized to the intestines.
UNK: Cool.
House : Check for melanomas.
Kutner : Here, kitty, kitty, kitty. Come here.
Kutner : Here, kitty.
Kutner : We found spider veins on her back.
Kutner : They weren't there when she came in.
House : Spider veins means Cushing's.
House : Could cause an abdominal disturbance, brown urine.
House : Cushing's myopathy.
House : It's uncommon, but...
House : Wait a second.
House : You didn't wake me up to tell me a symptom that's not killing her.