UNK: Thirty-five-year-old woman.
House : Head of nursing in an old-age home.
UNK: Neurological symptoms and "P"?
Kutner : Oh, green pee. I get it. Nice.
UNK: Neuro is also written in green.
Thirteen : Does that mean she has green neurological symptoms as well?
House : From now on, I'm gonna use two colors. Green indicates irony.
Foreman : Pseudomonas infection.
Thirteen : She'd have a fever. Toxins?
Taub : Why are we taking this case?
House : Welcome, Your Lordship, we were just preparing your morning briefing.
Taub : Sorry I'm late,
Taub : and, yes, green pee does meet the only diagnostic requirement
Taub : you care about. It's interesting.
Taub : But is it worth us taking this case?
House : "Us" aren't taking anything. I'm taking. You're accepting.
Taub : Okay, I accept. She has adult-onset epilepsy,
Taub : and she really likes those St. Patrick's Day beers.
House : Go check out the house and the office for toxins and infections.
Taub : Her neuro exam was normal, no subsequent seizures.
UNK: It's not life threatening. It's not important.
House : Luckily, neither are you.
Kutner : You okay? Fine.
Kutner : You and House this morning?
Kutner : The way you were arguing?
UNK: Airing disagreements doesn't qualify as arguing.
Kutner : Come on, man, I'm just trying to help. We're friends.
Taub : There are 400 Japanese teenagers
Taub : you're better friends with.
Taub : Your avatar should ask their avatars how they're doing.
Kutner : I consider you a good friend
Kutner : even if we don't hang that much outside of work.
Taub : I wasn't arguing with him.
UNK: You kind of were.
Taub : Fine, I was. And you know what?
Taub : I was right.
Taub : You got conned. Methylthioninium chloride.
Taub : Notable side effect, green urine.
Taub : She's a nurse, she knows the dosage,
Taub : knows how to fake a seizure.
Taub : She pees pea soup and gets the warm attention of doctors all week long.
Taub : She's a Munchausen, and you're her mark.
House : So your insight is based on
House : discovering an anti-Alzheimer's drug at an old-age home.
Taub : No good reason it'd be sitting on her desk.
House : You ever tried to pee on yourself in public? It's not easy.
Taub : Sorry, I rushed the Jewish frat, we peed in private.
House : For good reason. I can spot a fake seizure,
House : which means this was real, which means
House : her problem is phenol.
Taub : Carbolic acid?
Taub : Yeah, maybe she accidentally inhaled some
Taub : at a gout treatment facility, circa 1890.
House : It's still in some antiseptic throat sprays.
House : She's been chugging it all winter for her colds.
House : Phenol explains the seizure and the urine.
Taub : She'd have to drink five bottles a day.
House : Which is why I'm sure you won't have trouble
UNK: discovering the evidence of it when you search her house. Bye.
House : And you can start her on charcoal hemoperfusion for the phenol poisoning.
UNK: Seriously?
Kutner : Oh, you were lying about the throat spray.
Kutner : That does make more sense.
Kutner : So why are you wasting Taub's time?
House : Because I don't want him to know that I'm wasting my time
House : disproving his fake seizure theory. Zip!
UNK: Chris?
Neil : Chris Taub, right?
Neil : Neil Zane.
Neil : I was two years under you at Collegiate High, remember?