House : You see a cat? I see a litter box.
House : This is a disability, Dr. Cuddy.
UNK: I can't make it to the men's room... You pee on the mice, too?
House : Well, now, you see, the mice actually prove that I don't have a cat.
Cuddy : Are these...
Cuddy : Are these the genetically modified lab mice from oncology?
Cuddy : Genetically modified for tastiness.
Cuddy : Get rid of the cat, and get rid of your patient.
UNK: My team is doing a methacholine challenge.
Cuddy : Your team just completed a methacholine challenge,
Cuddy : which came up negative.
House : Who told you about the test? Taub?
Cuddy : I'll never say. But yes.
House : Her airway's clamped down. I heard it.
House : We kick her onto the streets, it could happen again.
House : Wish there was a "lawsuit cat," it could warn you.
Cuddy : I'm sorry, but if you won't escort her out,
Cuddy : I'll have to get security to do it.
House : You're joining me for a goodbye smoke.
Morgan : I don't smoke.
House : Fine, if you don't want the seventh graders to think you're cool.
House : I went through your purse.
UNK: Horoscopes, good-luck charms.
House : You went to a good college, good nursing school,
House : so you weren't always a superstitious idiot.
UNK: I'm not a superstitious...
UNK: How about four years, that sound right?
House : That's when you switched from the family insurance plan
House : to the one you're on now.
Morgan : I was married, I got divorced.
House : Two years before that, you got chickenpox shots,
House : which you only get in adulthood when you have a kid.
House : Or I should say when you had a kid
House : because no kid has come to visit you.
House : Which all makes me think something bad happened.
Morgan : It was my stepson, Timothy.
House : What happened?
Morgan : He was in school.
Taub : He was having his morning snack, and he choked.
UNK: And the teachers saw it, and they did everything that they were supposed to.
Morgan : He shouldn't have died.
UNK: You wanna make it make sense.
UNK: What's wrong with that?
House : It's meaningless is what's wrong.
House : What's wrong is that it doesn't do a thing to bring your kid back,
House : or put you and your ex together again.
House : Rash on your neck.
House : Probably not enough for Cuddy.
Morgan : Can't breathe.
House : Hey, Doc.
House : Breath sound soft to you, Doc?
House : Hooray, you're officially sick.
House : Churg-Strauss fits best. Here's the plan.
House : Taub, change the litter box.
Taub : This is pathetic.
Taub : You're still punishing me for calling you out on the green urine lady?
House : Nope, this is for ratting me out to Cuddy.
House : I'm not asking you to apologize, just scoop some poop out of a box.
Foreman : Just clean it.
Taub : Let House do it. Yeah, that'll happen.
Foreman : He won't just continue to let our room smell like cat pee.
Foreman : I'll clean it next time.
UNK: I'm out of here.
Kutner : Now that you've delivered that important lesson, I'm gonna go test the patient.
UNK: Whoa!
House : What, you think your bag's going to die now?
Kutner : Now you're punishing me because you think I'm superstitious?
Kutner : What do you care? It's not so much about me caring, per se,
House : it's more about me wondering why you're such a credulous idiot.
House : Thirteen, start the patient on steroids for the Churg-Strauss.
House : Unless we have something we need to argue about?
Taub : This is good stuff.
Neil : The best.
Neil : It's made from the distilled sweat of
UNK: recently-laid-off hedge fund managers.
Neil : Aren't you happy you came out tonight?
Taub : Yeah. I wasn't actually going to, but not the greatest day at work.
Taub : I used to have an office like this.
Taub : Used to?
Taub : When I was a plastic surgeon.
Taub : But one day, I took stock of my life and...
UNK: Oh, screw it.
Taub : I had an affair with the daughter of one of my partners.
Taub : They signed a non-disclosure, I signed a non-compete.
Taub : And the funny thing is I wound up telling my wife anyway.
Taub : You like your job?
Neil : Same as you, same as everyone, it has its ups and downs.
Kutner : You're lying to make me feel better.
Neil : Yeah. It's the best. I'm in charge, you know. I'm a kid with toys.
Neil : Speaking of which, what do you think of the prototype?
Taub : It's amazing.
UNK: You gotta make it a half-inch smaller, though.
Neil : You serious? I got small hands,
Taub : 6.5 gloves, like women surgeons,
Taub : which are your fastest-growing market.
UNK: Me and the girls would have to use two hands to hit the switch.