House : but it's mostly the muffins.
House : Scope her for worms in the lungs.
Kutner : We could help out in there.
Taub : Yeah, it takes at least four people
Taub : to look inside a crazy woman's lungs for imaginary worms.
Kutner : So, you're in a good mood again.
UNK: Do you need another speech about what a great friend I am?
Taub : I'm telling my wife we don't need to downsize,
Taub : but maybe we do.
Kutner : You really lost all that money?
Taub : I don't care about the money, I just feel bad for Rachel.
Kutner : She married a guy in one situation, ended up with another.
Kutner : That's hard on anyone. Thanks,
Taub : makes me feel much better, hearing my wife's a gold digger.
Kutner : No, I just meant she married
UNK: this master-of-the-universe successful surgeon,
Kutner : and now he's basically a flunky for this mad scientist,
Kutner : who saves lives, so that's good.
Thirteen : There are no worms in the lungs.
House : What else could cause bronchospasm?
Foreman : Severe acid reflux.
Thirteen : No esophagitis, it's not reflux.
Kutner : Why are you pushing a crash cart?
House : Because patients sometimes crash, and they haven't yet invented
House : a crash tractor for me to drive wildly around the hallways.
Kutner : Why are we in the coma patients' room?
Thirteen : You actually think the cat is going to predict someone's death?
House : No. I know the cat is not going to predict anyone's death.
UNK: And then I will have scientifically disproved...
Kutner : You didn't keep this patient despite the cat,
Kutner : you kept this patient because of the cat.
Kutner : You're scared there's something to it.
House : If I could prove the non-existence of an omniscient God
House : who lovingly guides us to the other side, I would.
House : Cat version will have to do.
House : Are you scared?
Kutner : Cats' brains are always in alpha mode.
Kutner : The few scientific tests that have seemed to confirm psychic phenomena,
Kutner : that's where it takes place.
House : Please tell me that you were kidding, so I won't have to fire you.
Kutner : I was kidding.
Foreman : We still have a human patient, right?
UNK: Airborne allergens possible? Skin test was negative.
UNK: Lungs may be more sensitive.
Taub : Or House just screwed up.
Taub : If you misinterpreted the breath sounds as soft instead of loud,
Taub : it's laryngospasm instead of bronchospasm.
UNK: Which she can get from a simple panic attack,
Taub : which she was having.
Foreman : I also heard the lung sounds, too, Taub. You saying I screwed up?
Taub : "Screwed up" is maybe too harsh, but yes.
Thirteen : Don't you wanna check their charts?
House : Of course not, this is a double-blind.
House : I don't want to even subconsciously signal to Teddy which one's the sickest.
Kutner : Her name's Debbie.
Taub : Are those welts on that guy's arm?
Foreman : Were they here when we got here?
Thirteen : He has a severe cat allergy.
House : That never happened.
Kutner : Look at Debbie.
UNK: Good news, Mr. Limpert.
House : When you don't die tonight,
House : you will finally have done something good for the world,
House : as opposed to your life as a fireman.
House : Foreman's airborne allergen theory makes the most sense.
House : Do a methacholine challenge on Catgirl to check it out.
Cuddy : I told you to get rid of Death Cat.