House : I just told you, it's Cushing's. We treat...
Kutner : I don't mean because of the spider veins. Mr. Limpert died.
House : If that's my high school gym teacher...
Kutner : It's your coma patient.
Kutner : He was stable for a year-and-a-half, and he just died.
House : Here, puss, puss, puss, puss, puss.
Foreman : Say "puss" one more time. It's the sixth "puss" that really does it.
House : You're right. Sulking will solve everything.
House : That cat sat on my lap, and that cat knows something.
Kutner : You believe it now? Yesterday, it was all a coincidence.
Thirteen : Yesterday, it was, till I unintentionally proved it wasn't.
Foreman : Patient must have Cushing's. We have to figure out whether it's based in...
UNK: A cat's nose is powerful, could smell liver or kidney failure.
UNK: Exactly. Except that if you'd glanced at the nursing home files
House : I had faxed over this morning,
House : you'd know that most of the patients' livers and kidneys were fine.
House : What else? The MRIs aren't telling us
UNK: if the Cushing's is in her adrenals or her brain.
House : So check her ACTH.
UNK: The cat's vision is at the blue end of the spectrum.
Foreman : ACTH is 11.7. It's too close to tell.
UNK: And we can't treat the wrong organ,
Foreman : 'cause that won't solve anything.
Foreman : She could have a cortisol storm, could kill her.
House : Well, maybe, as the senior fellow, you could have made sure
House : that my doors were closed so that I could be concentrating on the cat
House : instead of looking for the cat.
Kutner : You all right?
Kutner : Your nose.
Foreman : What'd he say?
Kutner : Sounds like he said, "Do you like cranberry juice?"
UNK: Crap.
House : Cheaper than fake blood. And more cran-tastic.
House : Don't ever leave my door open like that again.
Foreman : You're playing pranks and this woman could be dying.
House : So have Chase do a venous sampling in her brain.
House : If he finds something, it's there,
House : if he finds nothing, it's the adrenals.
Taub : I'm not who I used to be.
Taub : I'm scared. It's not a way to live.
UNK: I wanna come work for you.
Neil : Jeez, Chris, you didn't think...