Neil : Why do I bother paying the idiots that work for me?
Neil : Put down that crap you're drinking,
Neil : because I am breaking out the really good stuff.
Morgan : What's wrong?
Morgan : I went to the bathroom. My urine...
Thirteen : Green again? It's brown.
Morgan : I didn't do anything. Honest.
Foreman : It is possible she's still faking.
House : She didn't fake the bronchospasm.
House : You think she's faking some stuff, but not other stuff?
UNK: Maybe she's Unchausen?
Thirteen : I'm just saying the brown urine doesn't make sense.
UNK: What? Nothing.
UNK: We've ruled out every possible cause for brown urine.
Thirteen : No blood in the urine, liver and kidneys fine.
House : Brown could be fecal. Fistula.
Thirteen : We checked.
Foreman : How do we know the urine is still brown?
House : Had to be. Once you've gone brown...
Foreman : If we've ruled out everything that can make the urine brown,
Foreman : what if it just looked brown.
Foreman : If the green dye never left her system, what plus green makes brown?
UNK: Purple.
House : Strep bovis infection from colon cancer.
House : Paraneoplastic syndrome would explain the bronchospasm.
Thirteen : We scoped her when we checked for the fistula,
Thirteen : there's no tumor.
House : Oh, no.
Kutner : I wasn't scared by the umbrella, either.
House : What? Not everything's about you, Kutner.
Kutner : I realize it's stupid. I just don't know everything,
Kutner : I don't want to invite... Great.
House : I thought your superstitiousness
House : had to do with your folks being killed,
House : but "you're stupid" works just as well.
Taub : Why is there a ladder here?
UNK: Whoops. Forgot that one.
House : Scopes don't work as well as pillcams. Give her one, find the tumor.
House : Come with me, Tiny Taub.
Taub : Sorry, I was late again. I've got a long commute from the poorhouse.
House : Knew it when I hired you.
House : You'd eventually miss the money,
House : being the big shot like your new CEO friend,
UNK: if that nightclub stamp on your hand is any indication.
Taub : Don't worry, I'm not quitting. I know.
UNK: A guy who signs a non-compete instead of just telling his wife that he cheated
House : doesn't have the guts to quit.
Taub : Bad example. I did tell her.