House : that plagued his grandfather.
House : Undoubtedly because they were both born with hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia.
John : What's he saying?
UNK: I'm saying you have a genetic disease that's destroying your capillaries.
UNK: That no one in his family's ever been diagnosed with before?
House : Not surprising, since the most common initial symptoms,
House : skin rashes and nosebleeds are often written off
House : as the result of minor trauma or dry weather.
House : But they can also be the result of his arteries and veins merging together.
House : He obviously has AVMs.
House : Nothing that a few surgeries won't clear up.
House : Get MR angiograms of the aforementioned.
House : The Marines weren't hiding anything. He was.
House : Or at least he forgot to mention his bloody tissue issue.
Chase : What's going on? What did he say?
UNK: HUMMING
UNK: Well, looks like solving the case solved your other problem.
House : There is no medicine like happiness. Except maybe laughter.
House : Or rubber tubes shoved up your urethra.
Wilson : You cathed yourself?
House : It's actually not that bad after the first, I don't know, 9 or 10 inches.
UNK: The cath relieved the spasm. I'm good as new.
Wilson : Of course. Just a minor spasm in a muscle you've been using multiple times a day
UNK: without any problems for the past 45 years.
Wilson : Not a major side effect caused by the overuse of a particular narcotic painkiller.
UNK: Yeah. That was my thought, too.
Wilson : So, no reason to think about cutting back on your use of that particular pill.
Woman : Thank God!
House : Actually, it was the triple dose of the good stuff
House : that allowed me to finally get some sleep and solve the case.
House : Pills made all my dreams come true.
Wilson : You really got the answer in your sleep?
House : I got one in my sleep. The other one I got in the shower.
House : I've been thinking about you.
Wilson : You lied.
Cuddy : I didn't lie.
Cuddy : I simply chose not to share completely irrelevant facts.
House : Like the fact that you lied.
House : No wonder I couldn't place his face.
House : You were practically swallowing it on the dance floor.
Cuddy : I was not.
House : Talk about the cool uncle.
House : He donates the money and the nephew gets the write-off.
UNK: And of course, by write-off, I mean he gets to put your ankles...
Cuddy : This is exactly why I didn't mention our one date over two years ago.
House : Because of my T-shirt.
Cuddy : Because you are an obnoxious ass.
UNK: Because you would have spent the whole time...
House : That's very smart.
House : 'Cause this way I spent the whole time completely focused on the patient.
Cuddy : How did you even remember him?
Cuddy : We were only at that party for like 10 minutes!
UNK: Is this a new health plan?
House : Service the Dean of Medicine, you get free health care for a year?
House : Why are you smiling?
Cuddy : You remembered him because he made out with me.
House : I'm good with faces.
House : So this plan, is it open to anyone? Is there a co-pay?
Cuddy : You're lousy with faces.
House : Don't make this about me. This is your humiliation.
House : So how much for private room coverage?
Cuddy : Get over me.
House : Give me a break. You hired me...
Cuddy : 'Cause you're a good doctor who couldn't get himself hired at a blood bank,
Cuddy : so I got you cheap.
House : You gave me everything I asked for because one night I gave you everything...
Cuddy : Stop staring at my ass when you think I'm not looking,
Cuddy : showing up at restaurants where I happen to be on a date,
UNK: and fantasizing about me in the shower.
Cuddy : That ship sailed long ago, House.
Cuddy : Get over it.
House : If you're still referring to your ass,
UNK: I think that supertanker sailed would be the more precise metaphor.
UNK: Sorry.
UNK: Just looking for an extra-large trashcan.
Chase : Since when does he clean anything up?