John : Look, I don't care what you guys call it.
John : Gulf War syndrome, Iraq fever, or just crappy sickness X.
John : I just want someone to figure out what it is so they can cure it.
Cameron : Except for the supposed pain in his joints,
Cameron : none of the other symptoms he's complaining about are currently evident.
UNK: And besides low potassium, probably caused by him
UNK: over-hydrating after working out.
Foreman : His blood work's all normal.
Chase : Low potassium could also probably be caused by the experimental vaccines
UNK: and anti-chemical warfare pills he was given before he deployed to Iraq.
Chase : Not to mention the fact that whole country is littered
Chase : with hundreds of tons of radioactive shrapnel from depleted uranium munitions.
Foreman : You go to medical school in France? There's no trace of uranium in his urine.
UNK: And he was given the vaccines and meds two years ago
Foreman : without any allergic or adverse reaction.
House : Has he ever done any modeling?
Chase : We forgot to ask.
Chase : We should send his urine to the University of Leicester.
Chase : There's a professor there who's developed
Chase : a more advanced screening technique for uranium.
Foreman : If the levels are too low for us to detect, they're way too low to cause any damage.
UNK: Where are you going?
House : This way.
House : You find out about any television or other media exposure?
Cameron : Do you really care or are you just trying to waste hospital resources
Cameron : to get back at Cuddy for making you take the case?
House : Of course, I care.
House : What a horrible thing to say.
House : Do a Lexis-Nexis search and get a copy of his credit report.
Foreman : Before or after we tell him to eat a banana and discharge him with a psych referral?
House : I say before.
House : And I say in between give him a polysomnogram.
House : Sleep apnea could cause chronic fatigue and paranoia.
UNK: And find out where he went to summer camp.
UNK: You okay?
UNK: Yeah. Just a little too much coffee this morning.
Cameron : Were we walking you to the bathroom?
House : I wish.
House : Wilson was just in there. These guys know what I'm talking about.
CAMERON : That's his third REM cycle and his breathing's completely normal.
Cameron : There's obviously nothing wrong with his sleep pattern.
CHASE : If it's not the uranium, it's got to be some other sort of toxin.
Cameron : Or nothing at all.
Cameron : You really think there's something wrong, or you just want Foreman to be wrong?
UNK: Both.
Cameron : Well, it's not his sleep pattern.
Cameron : If you really think it's a toxin, you can do a liver biopsy in the morning.
Chase : We can't leave.
Chase : If we don't monitor the whole test, House won't accept the results.
Chase : He'll just make us do it over.
Cameron : It doesn't take two doctors to monitor
UNK: what's clearly gonna be a normal polysomnogram.
Chase : Oh, so you want me to stay?
Cameron : You're the one that thought there was something wrong.
Chase : I never said it was a sleep disorder.
UNK: You wanna flip for it?
UNK: SCOFFS
House : Just go.
UNK: Oh, come on. Don't be a baby.
Cameron : Fine. I'll stay.
Cameron : You know what we could do?
UNK: Here? Why not?
Cameron : We're surrounded by empty rooms with beds in them.
UNK: Yeah. And video cameras, too.
Cameron : So we turn them off. Yeah, that's all I need is
Chase : House or Foreman walking in on us.
Cameron : We have the keys.
Chase : No. What if he wakes up?
UNK: Marine 1 : All right.
Cameron : Suit yourself.
UNK: SIGHING
House : Damn it.
Foreman : What's wrong?
John : What do you mean, "What's wrong?" You don't smell that?
Foreman : Nothing smells, John.
UNK: Oh, are you kidding me? It's disgusting.
Foreman : How long have you thought... Wait.
Foreman : Open your mouth.
Foreman : The smell's not in the room. It's in your mouth.
Chase : What's going on?
Foreman : Good question.