UNK: Biggie Slim : Bought by Biggie Slim himself.
UNK: Biggie Slim : Supply and demand. She demands, I gotta supply.
Beckett : You know, the thing that I find intriguing
Beckett : is that before you became Biggie Slim,
UNK: your name was Darius Young.
Beckett : Best known for launching several failed Internet start-ups.
UNK: Just a man ahead of my time.
Hunt : Well, the SEC thought you were a man trying to fleece investors.
UNK: Biggie Slim : See, I was never charged for that.
Beckett : One of your ventures, a music sharing website based in the UK,
Beckett : caught the attention of British authorities.
Beckett : And when they tried to shut it down,
UNK: an aide to the Minister of Culture lobbied on your behalf.
Beckett : And do you know who that aide was?
Beckett : Nigel Wyndham.
Beckett : In fact, this is Nigel stepping out of the very same black SUV.
UNK: No, I don't think so.
BECKETT : Why don't you take a closer look?
UNK: It's got the same custom pinstripes on the door.
UNK: Biggie Slim : It's just somebody else's truck with those stripes on there.
Hunt : Your driver already admitted
Hunt : that he drove you to this meeting outside the Consulate.
Beckett : We also know that your cousin is in the service. Drew Harris?
Hunt : A Staff Sergeant. He works in an armory.
Hunt : He supplied the missiles.
Beckett : You knew that Wyndham had access to the diplomatic pouch
Beckett : and you saw an opportunity.
UNK: Biggie Slim : Supply and demand.
UNK: Biggie Slim : That's a whole lot of speculation there, mate.
Beckett : Well, we weren't the only ones to put together the pieces.
Hunt : Naomi wasn't giving you her phone number,
Hunt : she was looking for evidence.
Beckett : Once you realized that she was the same girl
Beckett : that Wyndham caught snooping,
Beckett : you followed her to the motel and you killed her.
UNK: SCOFFS
UNK: Well, how y'all gonna prove that?
Hunt : A partial fingerprint on Naomi's body.
Hunt : And it's a match to you.
Beckett : You know, the thing that I still can't figure out is,
Beckett : why Uganda?
Beckett : Why would you care?
UNK: SIGHS Man, it wasn't about Uganda.
UNK: Biggie Slim : It was just about the money.
UNK: Biggie Slim : I didn't even know where Wyndham was shipping the stuff to.
UNK: Good, call my assistant. I'm wide open all week.
Hunt : Actually, you're not. Or the following week, for that matter.
Beckett : Told you I'd see you soon.
Wyndham : What is this?
Wyndham : Getting thrown out of here once already
Wyndham : wasn't enough for you people?
UNK: Security!
UNK: They can't help you, mate. Nobody can.
UNK: Not even your well-funded Ugandan friends.
Beckett : Nigel Wyndham, you're under arrest
UNK: for international arms trafficking.
UNK: And for abetting in the murder of a British citizen.
HUNT : Her dad would've been proud.
Hunt : How brave she was, taking on these men.
UNK: But I so wish she hadn't done it.
UNK: So what happens now? Do you go back to D.C.?
Hunt : London, I'm afraid. Face the music.
Beckett : You know, they should give you a commendation.
Hunt : Well, that is wildly improbable.
Hunt : Well, Detective Beckett, it's been a true pleasure.
Beckett : The pleasure was all mine, Detective Inspector Hunt.
Hunt : Please, Colin.
UNK: Kate.
Beckett : You know, I have a few hours before my flight, Kate.
Hunt : Could I persuade you to let me buy you a drink?
UNK: Um...
Beckett : I'm sorry, I have a bit of paperwork to do.
Hunt : Another time.
Castle : Where's Scotland Yard off to?
UNK: Well, he's going back to London.
UNK: Um... Castle, do you have a second? Can we talk?
Castle : Actually, I don't.
UNK: Jacinda has the Ferrari double-parked in a loading zone.
UNK: Wow. Four dates in three days. You like her?
UNK: Yeah. Why?
Castle : She just... She doesn't seem like your type.
Castle : Well, she's fun and uncomplicated.
Castle : I think that's what my life needs right now.
UNK: Hi! It's Kate.
Beckett : Do you still want to buy me that drink?