UNK: Hey.
UNK: Oh, good evening, sir. I'm Agent Bauer, from Homeland Security.
Hunt : I'm here for the inspection.
UNK: Jfk Guard Morgan : Nobody radioed me about any inspection.
UNK: Well, of course they didn't.
Hunt : We conduct random checks to assess security.
UNK: Kate Beckett : Telling you we were coming
Hunt : kind of defeats the purpose, am I right?
UNK: We'd be tipping our hand. Showing our playbook, so to speak.
UNK: Jfk Guard Morgan : Two years I've worked this shift,
UNK: and I never heard of anything that...
Hunt : Look, Morgan, is it? I'm sure you run a tight ship here.
UNK: So if things inside are secure,
UNK: I'll make damn sure your bosses know about it,
Hunt : which will reflect well on you.
Hunt : We're all on the same team here, pal.
UNK: Jfk Guard Morgan : I gotta verify this with my supervisor.
UNK: Yeah, you do that.
UNK: I'm getting more adept at faking my way past people.
Hunt : Must be all the practice.
Beckett : You're in the baggage area?
Hunt : Maybe a minute before the guard calls his supervisor
Hunt : to check my story.
UNK: All right, so based on the shipping code,
Beckett : the pouch that you're looking for is about five feet long.
UNK: Does the waybill say if it's a crate?
Hunt : A footlocker? A cardboard box? What?
Esposito : No. Sorry, bro.
Ryan : But it's 200 pounds, so it's gotta be something sturdy.
UNK: Something sturdy, all right.
UNK: Oh, God.
Hunt : Here we go, I found it. It's a crate.
MORGAN : Agent Bauer, I need you to step out of there, please.
Ryan : Okay, that didn't sound good.
Hunt : Agent Bauer? What did he expect?
Hunt : I heard that. CLEARS THROAT
UNK: Uh, I've just about wrapped up here.
MORGAN : Sir, my supervisor will be here...
Hunt : And he will be mighty pleased with your work, Morgan.
Hunt : Mighty pleased.
UNK: It's clear to me that you've been working harder
UNK: than a one-legged man in an ass-kicking contest.
UNK: Jfk Guard Morgan : Hello? You there? Hello?
Hunt : Bloody hell.
Beckett : What's in the crate?
UNK: Missiles.
Hunt : Customs and Homeland Security have impounded the crate,
Hunt : Interpol is on their way to JFK.
Beckett : How did you explain opening the diplomatic pouch?
Wyndham : Oh, well, everyone's more interested
Hunt : in the missiles at the moment,
UNK: but I expect I'll be in hot water at some point.
UNK: And where does this leave Wyndham?
UNK: Untouched.
Esposito : What do you mean, untouched? He was smuggling weapons.
UNK: Well, they'll have an inquiry, of course.
Hunt : But they can't prove he knew what was in the crate.
Beckett : And since we opened the crate illegally,
Beckett : we won't be able to use it as evidence.
HUNT : At least it all starts to make sense now.
Hunt : Naomi was trying to solve Aidan's murder.
Ryan : That would be Naomi's boyfriend, Aidan Miller.
Ryan : He worked for Doctors Without Borders in Uganda,
Ryan : until his helicopter was shot down
UNK: by guerrilla forces a year ago.
HUNT : And the British government launched an investigation
Hunt : but was never able to determine
Hunt : how the rebels acquired a Stinger missile.
Castle : Which we now know came to them courtesy of Nigel Wyndham.
Beckett : Yeah, except, Nigel's not the type to get his hands dirty
Beckett : when it comes to missiles or murder.
UNK: He must've had a partner who had a line on those Stingers.
Beckett : And if Naomi started looking into the smuggling operation...
Hunt : Then perhaps it was the partner who got rid of her.
Ryan : So, then, the question is, who is his partner?
UNK: Everything Naomi did was about finding out
Castle : who supplied the weapon that killed her boyfriend.
Castle : That's why she stopped taking modeling gigs.
UNK: It's why she came to New York.
Castle : Maybe there's someone on that list of attendees
Castle : for that foreign dignitary party.
Castle : I mean, it all started
UNK: when she booked that out of London a few months ago.
UNK: "Paulo Makuzi."
Ryan : And who is he?
Hunt : A leader of the rebel army in Uganda.
UNK: Naomi must've heard something at the party,
UNK: that's what led her to the Consulate.
Esposito : That romantic dinner with Nigel
Esposito : was just part of her agenda to get the pouch number from his office.
Castle : So then there's just one piece
Castle : that doesn't fit in her investigation.
Beckett : What was she doing with Biggie Slim?
Beckett : I want you to take a close look at this photo.
UNK: Yeah, I seen this one.
UNK: Biggie Slim : Paparazzi caught me and Nicky Jay
UNK: Biggie Slim : coming out of the studio a couple of weeks ago.
BECKETT : In fact, that is Nicky Jay's black SUV, isn't it?