Beckett : Did she tell you who she thought was following her?
UNK: Sure didn't. But I guess she wasn't lying though, huh?
Beckett : Naomi left that party, and then three hours later, she was dead.
Esposito : Based on what she told Biggie Slim,
Esposito : Naomi knew somebody was after her.
Beckett : All right, let's canvass the area around the party venue,
Beckett : see if she was being followed.
UNK: And let's track down Nicky Jay and Biggie Slim's driver.
UNK: I wanna see if they went straight home.
Esposito : On it.
UNK: So, that story that you told Nicky Jay about your girlfriend...
Hunt : Total pants.
Hunt : I just wanted her to think I sympathized.
Hunt : And honestly, after meeting Biggie Slim, I do.
Beckett : Yeah, well, maybe she's hanging on hoping that he'll change.
Hunt : Guys like him never do.
UNK: CELL PHONE BEEPS
Beckett : Our M.E.'s finished the autopsy.
UNK: Her larynx is crushed.
Lanie : Whoever did it was strong. Large hands. Probably a male.
Beckett : That's like half the city.
UNK: We may be able to narrow it down a little further than that.
Lanie : The pressure from the killer's grip left a print on her neck.
Beckett : Were you able to pull a print?
UNK: We recovered a partial,
Lanie : thanks to the body lotion she was wearing.
Beckett : Is it in the system?
UNK: Not enough to run it.
Lanie : But you bring me a print off a suspect,
Lanie : I can tell you if it's a match.
Beckett : Excuse me, I have to make a call.
UNK: Easy on the eyes. Cute accent, too. I've just got one question.
UNK: Hmm?
Lanie : Where's Castle?
Beckett : He took off. For a lunch date.
Lanie : In a Ferrari full of flight attendant?
UNK: Yeah, he's probably trying to rack up his frequent flyer miles.
UNK: I'm sorry. But you know she's just a passing thing.
Beckett : Do I? I mean, the guy's been divorced twice,
Beckett : and he's still chasing bimbos.
Beckett : Maybe that's just who he is.
UNK: Look, maybe it's the wrong time,
Lanie : or maybe he's even the wrong guy.
Lanie : But if he is, how long are you gonna wait to find out?
Lanie : Ten years, I've been keeping them company,
Lanie : while they spend a night or two here
Lanie : on their way to where we're all going.
Lanie : They all had plans, Kate.
UNK: Things they were gonna do when they got around to it.
Lanie : Go on a cruise. Lose 10 pounds. Fall in love.
Lanie : They thought they had all the time in the world.
Lanie : But nobody does.
Beckett : Personal ones are tough.
Beckett : No call.
Hunt : What's my tell?
Beckett : The brooding lean.
Hunt : Ah, yes. Rookie move.
Hunt : You know, even with a mouth full of braces,
Hunt : she was the prettiest girl in her class.
UNK: Although, having a cop for a dad
Hunt : didn't do much for her social life.
Hunt : Terry used to interrogate her dates when they'd drop her off.
UNK: I can see how that would weed out the lightweights.
UNK: And then when she was 22, she fell in love with a young doctor.
Hunt : Good guy.
Hunt : He died last year in Africa, doing God's work.
Hunt : I don't think she ever really got over it.
Hunt : Because hearing what she was up to,
Hunt : it's like she was a different person.
Beckett : People change when you're not looking.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGING
Beckett : Excuse me.
Beckett : Hey, Ryan. What's up?
Beckett : Are you sure?
UNK: Where?
Beckett : Okay, great. Call in a warrant.
UNK: Found a gym near the motel.
Beckett : Naomi bought a day pass there the night that she was killed.
Beckett : And the clerk said she was in and out in three minutes.
Hunt : Just enough time to run in and hide
Hunt : something in one of the lockers.
UNK: She bought the day pass at 10 : 24 p.m.
Hunt : That's 20 minutes after she called me to say she was in trouble.
Hunt : She was leaving me a message.
Beckett : She did better than leave a message about the killer.
Beckett : She left us a picture of him as well.
BECKETT : Anything on the number sequence?
UNK: Tech Guy : We're running it through every database, but nothing so far.
UNK: Naomi wrote it on there for a reason.
Beckett : What about the photo?
UNK: Tech Guy : Well, based on the light and background architecture,
UNK: Tech Guy : this photo was taken in Midtown, New York.
Castle : Hey. What'd I miss?
Beckett : Not much.