Beckett : Oh, I wouldn't say "nothing".
Beckett : I swiped Wyndham's card case. It's got his prints all over it.
UNK: Why, you sneaky little thief. That's bloody brilliant.
Beckett : Thank you. Now let's go get this son of a bitch.
UNK: The print's not a match.
UNK: What? What?
Esposito : CSU ran the fingerprints off the card case,
UNK: compared them to the one that Lanie found on Naomi's body.
UNK: It wasn't Nigel Wyndham's.
Beckett : No, that's not possible, run it again.
Esposito : Ryan already did that three times. Wyndham's not our killer.
Hunt : He's behind this. I know it.
Hunt : It's why Naomi left us his photograph.
UNK: Well, maybe he hired someone to do his dirty work for him.
Hunt : Like one of his security men.
Beckett : Can you get Scotland Yard
Beckett : to run background checks on the security staff?
Castle : Or, a better path might be
Castle : to look into this mysterious number
Castle : that Naomi wrote on the back of that photo.
Castle : Which is a mystery no longer.
Esposito : Is this lobster, bro?
Castle : Lucky for you, Jacinda's a light eater.
Castle : You heat that up, little bit of melted butter...
UNK: Are you telling us you know what that number means? How?
Castle : Well, as Jacinda and I were enjoying
Castle : our succulent lobsters, from Maine,
Castle : paired with an earthy, yet elegant,
Castle : Pinot Noir from the Sonoma Valley...
Beckett : Castle, numbers.
Beckett : Right. Well, we were going over the file,
Castle : turns out Jacinda's quite a little crime solver.
Beckett : You showed the stewardess the evidence file?
UNK: No.
UNK: I took a picture of it with my phone.
UNK: And the preferred nomenclature is "flight attendant."
Castle : Point is, this code refers to a diplomatic pouch.
Hunt : How do you know that?
Castle : Jacinda recognized the format.
Castle : Furthermore, she told me these last three digits
Castle : are a reference code for Royal Eastern Airlines.
Esposito : Which means the pouch was delivered on the airline.
UNK: Exactly. The W-4 refers to the size of the pouch.
Castle : The 1949 indicates exactly which pouch it is
Castle : in the Consulate sequence.
Hunt : As the Deputy General, Nigel signs for all the pouches.
Beckett : So then, maybe this wasn't about
Beckett : an affair gone wrong between Nigel and Naomi.
Hunt : It's about smuggling.
Castle : Well, that makes a lot of sense. Diplomatic pouches are sealed
Castle : and their contents bypass TSA and Customs inspections.
UNK: Naomi must've got onto what Wyndham was doing somehow.
Hunt : We need to know what was in that pouch.
UNK: Consulate's never gonna release that information.
Castle : Well, we don't have to worry about the Consulate.
Castle : The airline keeps a copy of the waybill.
Beckett : Get a hold of the airline, let's get that waybill down here.
Esposito : Ryan, grab a pen.
UNK: What?
Beckett : Castle, you can't just share confidential police information
Beckett : with an outsider.
Castle : Even if it solves the case?
Castle : I mean, she gave us a lead.
Castle : That's more than you got at the Consulate.
Beckett : And that's supposed to make this all okay?
Castle : Jacinda just wanted to help. What's the big deal?
UNK: You don't get it, do you?
Castle : No, I guess I don't.
UNK: No, forget it. I guess you don't.
Ryan : Hey. We found something you're gonna wanna see.
Castle : The airline emailed over the waybill.
Ryan : The pouch that matches our number
Ryan : was shipped from the British Consulate about a year ago.
Ryan : It flew from JFK to Kampala, Uganda.
UNK: Uganda? That can't be a coincidence.
BECKETT : What do you mean?
Hunt : Naomi's boyfriend, the one who died, he was killed in Uganda.
UNK: Any idea of what was being shipped?
Ryan : Just that it weighed 200 pounds.
Hunt : Well, that's awfully heavy for a pouch.
Castle : Well, a diplomatic pouch can be as small as an envelope
UNK: or as big as a cargo container.
Esposito : Whatever's being shipped, it's being sent out about once a month.
Esposito : I just combed through airline waybills from the past year.
Esposito : Ten other pouches, all the same weight,
Esposito : were flown from here to Uganda.
Esposito : In fact, one of them is listed as
Esposito : being in JFK's secure baggage area.
Hunt : You mean to say one of those pouches is at the airport, right now?
Castle : Finding out what's in that pouch
Castle : could tell us who killed Naomi.
UNK: Yeah, but we don't have any jurisdiction here, Castle.
Beckett : If the NYPD tries to open up a British diplomatic pouch,
Beckett : we could risk an international incident.
Hunt : Then it's a good thing I'm not NYPD.