BECKETT : I'm telling you, something happened, something changed.
UNK: Kate Beckett : It's been weird between us lately.
UNK: Lately? Kate, it's been weird for four years.
Beckett : No. This is different.
Beckett : He's different. It's like he's pulling away.
Lanie : Well, can you blame him? He's probably tired of waiting.
Beckett : Waiting for what?
Lanie : What do you think?
Lanie : The guy is crazy about you,
Lanie : and despite your little act, you're crazy about him.
Lanie : Oh, what? Was that supposed to be some big secret?
UNK: Yes.
UNK: No.
Beckett : Do you think he knows?
Lanie : You remember how he used to be?
Lanie : Girl on either arm?
Lanie : You really don't see that guy too much anymore.
Lanie : Why do you think that is?
Lanie : He's waiting for you.
Beckett : Yeah, but, Lanie...
Lanie : I know. You're dealing with stuff.
Lanie : But you cannot ask him to wait forever.
Lanie : Unless, of course, you're okay with him pulling away.
Beckett : What if it doesn't work? What if it ends up like you and Javi?
Lanie : Well, at least we gave it a shot.
Lanie : And so it didn't work out. So what?
Lanie : Now we can move on. Give or take the occasional booty call.
UNK: I just, I don't wanna lose what we have, you know?
Lanie : Girl, please. What exactly do you have? Really?
Beckett : A friendship?
Lanie : No. What you and I have, is a friendship.
Lanie : What you and Castle have is a holding pattern.
Lanie : How long can you circle before the fuel runs out?
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGING
UNK: Beckett.
Lanie : Don't think you were saved by the bell, Kate Beckett.
Lanie : As your friend, I'm not gonna let this drop.
Lanie : So, what, you think I should tell him how I feel?
Lanie : Yes. You hunt murderers for a living. You can do this.
Beckett : Okay. Okay. I just... I have to find the right time.
Lanie : No time like the present.
UNK: TIRES SCREECHING
Lanie : What the...
Lanie : On second thought, maybe you should wait a bit.
Lanie : What's that? Ryan's calling, I gotta go.
UNK: GIGGLES
Castle : I'll call you in about an hour.
Castle : Hey there.
Castle : Second, who died?
Beckett : You, from the looks of it.
Beckett : You look like you just got run over by a truck.
UNK: CHUCKLES Yeah. A truck delivering a shipment of awesome.
UNK: No, I just flew into Vegas for the weekend.
Castle : Just needed a little change of scenery.
Beckett : And you won the blonde in a high-stakes poker match?
Castle : No. I met her on the flight back.
Beckett : And you just gave her your car?
Castle : Jacinda happens to be a very trustworthy person.
UNK: She's a first-class flight attendant.
Castle : It's not like I gave her my social security number.
UNK: Castle.
Beckett : Is everything okay?
Castle : Never better.
ESPOSITO : Our victim is Naomi Allen. Age 25.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Her green card indicates that she's a British national.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Ryan's notifying the Consulate.
Beckett : Her address is in SoHo. What was she doing all the way down here?
Esposito : Don't know. But she checked in two hours before she was killed.
UNK: I hope they prorated the room.
Esposito : Good news is, we have a witness.
Esposito : The maid who discovered the body saw a guy run out.
Beckett : Did the maid get a good look?
Esposito : She's with the sketch artist now.
UNK: Well, whoever he is, he was looking for something.
Beckett : This place has been searched.
ESPOSITO : The one thing we do know is that she was not robbed.
Esposito : Her wallet, watch and cash were untouched.
Beckett : Hey, Lanie, how does it look?
Lanie : Like you waited too long.
Beckett : The vic?
Lanie : She was strangled. But she went down with a fight.
UNK: Prelim suggests a sign of a struggle. She took one to the face.
UNK: Well-dressed, attractive woman in a seedy motel
Beckett : and a guy who flees the crime scene.
Beckett : This might have been a one-night stand gone wrong.
Lanie : Are we talking about the victim or Castle?
Beckett : Hey, Espo.
UNK: Yeah?
Beckett : Can you contact the next of kin
Beckett : and canvass the area once the sketch is done?
Esposito : Yeah, no problem.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Hey, Beckett, found the vic's business card
UNK: in a side pocket of her purse.
Ryan : Looks like she works in Manhattan.
UNK: "Naomi Allen, Kittman Group."
UNK: Claire Panchard : Yes. I was her US booking agent.
UNK: Claire Panchard : Naomi was one of our top models.
Beckett : So, she was in the city for work?
Claire : She split her time between here and London.
Claire : The good ones usually end up spending
UNK: at least half the year in New York.
Beckett : Now, do you have any idea why
Beckett : she was at the Alexandria Motel last night?
Claire : Uh, no. I've never even heard of it.
Castle : It's one of those "pay by the hour" places?
Beckett : Do you recognize this man?
Claire : No. No, I don't.
Beckett : But you do have an idea who he might be?
UNK: It's just, lately,