Claire : Naomi was making some choices.
Beckett : What kind of choices?
Claire : Well, she seemed to have lost interest in standard modeling jobs.
UNK: Recently she'd been booking more unconventional gigs.
Beckett : Like what?
Claire : Well, I heard the London office booked her
Claire : to attend the birthday party of some foreign dignitary
Claire : a few months ago.
Beckett : She was hired to go to a party?
Claire : It's common for models to get hired to pretty-up an event.
Claire : Some girls do it to pick up extra cash.
Claire : And other girls do it as a way of connecting with wealthy men.
Castle : Wait, are you saying that Naomi
Castle : was hiring herself out as an escort?
Claire : You just don't see girls as good as Naomi
Claire : taking these party jobs.
Claire : Not unless there's a bigger payout involved somewhere.
Beckett : Do you know if she took on any of these kinds of gigs recently?
Claire : It's not really what we do.
UNK: Yeah.
Claire : She did want me to try to get her
Claire : into an event last night though,
Claire : an album launch party in Midtown.
Claire : But I didn't have any connections to it.
Beckett : Last night?
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : Are you thinking what I'm thinking?
Castle : Yeah, that we should throw a party and hire a bunch of models.
Beckett : No. That maybe Naomi somehow got into that party last night.
Beckett : And that that's where she met her killer.
Beckett : That's what I was thinking.
UNK: Weird.
Castle : We're usually more in sync than that.
Beckett : Hey, Ryan, did you find anything at Naomi's apartment?
Ryan : No, but someone else might have. It's been tossed.
Ryan : Not only that, but a neighbor said they saw a man
Ryan : leaving the apartment late last night.
Ryan : The neighbor ID'd him off the sketch.
Ryan : It's the same guy who fled the murder scene.
CASTLE : He couldn't find what he was looking for in the motel,
Castle : so he searched her place.
Ryan : Yeah, but this time, he left a footprint.
UNK: Meaning?
Ryan : Well, Unis canvassed around the apartment with the sketch,
Ryan : he bought a bottle of single-malt with a credit card
Ryan : a couple of blocks away.
UNK: "Colin Hunt." What do we have on him?
RYAN : Nothing in the system.
Ryan : But I ran a trace on the credit card,
UNK: he checked in the Mondrian SoHo this morning.
Beckett : NYPD, show me your hands.
UNK: Colin Hunt : You're making a mistake.
Beckett : Yeah, like I haven't heard that before. Hands in the air, now.
Hunt : If you insist.
UNK: Whoa! Dude. Whoa!
Hunt : Allow me to introduce myself.
Hunt : Detective Inspector Colin Hunt, Scotland Yard.
Beckett : You're a long way from home, Detective Inspector Hunt.
UNK: How did you end up at that dead girl's motel room?
UNK: I was at a seminar in D.C. last night
Hunt : when Naomi called me, panicked.
Hunt : She said she was in trouble and needed my help.
Castle : So you knew her?
Hunt : Naomi was like a sister to me.
UNK: Her dad, Terence, was my first partner on the job.
Hunt : When he passed away, I promised her family that I'd look after her.
Hunt : After she called me, I grabbed the next flight,
Hunt : but by the time I arrived, it was too late.
Beckett : And your first instinct was to flee the crime scene?
Hunt : I didn't flee. I left.
Hunt : She was dead. There was nothing else to do.
UNK: Yeah. Except maybe to hang around
Beckett : and give the police a statement.
Hunt : You and I both know that if I stuck around,
Hunt : it'd be hours of questioning
UNK: and then you'd just send me off with
Hunt : a "Cheers, we'll keep you posted."
Beckett : But I suppose you had something more important to do.
Hunt : The room had been searched.
Hunt : Whoever killed her was looking for something.
Hunt : I thought they might try her apartment next.
Hunt : By the time I got there, it'd already been tossed.
Hunt : Look, I know I shouldn't have been investigating,
Hunt : but if you were in a foreign country
Hunt : and someone you loved was killed,
Hunt : what would you do?
Castle : What were they looking for?
Hunt : When he was on the job,
Hunt : Naomi's dad used to stash a gun in the lining of his Kevlar.
Hunt : When Naomi started modeling as a teenager,
Hunt : he didn't want her on the Underground without any protection.
Hunt : So he taught her to cut a tiny piece of the lining in her jacket
Hunt : to stash pepper spray. That's where I found it.
Beckett : You found what?
Hunt : A message to me. About her killer.
Castle : What kind of message?
Hunt : Not until I'm on the case.
Beckett : Excuse me?
Hunt : Detective, please. I owe this to Naomi. I owe it to her family.
Beckett : You do realize that I could arrest you for withholding evidence.
Hunt : And since you don't know what that evidence is, I could deny it.
Hunt : And none of that will get us any closer to catching her killer.
Hunt : Let me work this case with you.