Hunt : Because if you don't, I swear,
Hunt : I'll go out there and catch the bastard on my own.
UNK: Okay.
Beckett : But I have to check in with my captain first.
Hunt : What's she like, your captain?
Castle : You ever see that YouTube video
Castle : of the grizzly bear that decapitates a moose
Castle : with one swipe of its paw?
UNK: Comforting.
Castle : It's nothing personal.
Castle : She just doesn't like outsiders in her precinct.
Hunt : I don't need her to like it. I just need her to allow it.
Hunt : This whole thing with Naomi doesn't add up.
Hunt : Turning down conventional modeling jobs,
UNK: booking sleazy gigs at private parties,
Hunt : that just doesn't sound like the Naomi I know.
UNK: Yeah, well, sometimes it's the people we think we know best
UNK: that we don't really know at all.
Beckett : Well, you're in.
Hunt : Thank you.
UNK: What? Seriously?
Beckett : Yeah, your supervisor at Scotland Yard
Beckett : said you're one of the best.
Beckett : Even Captain Gates was impressed with your record.
Castle : Well, I guess it's not outsiders she doesn't like.
Castle : It's just me.
Beckett : Look, we had a deal. What did Naomi give you?
UNK: This.
Castle : A key? You said she left a message.
Hunt : This is the message.
Hunt : She put it there for me to find.
Hunt : I guarantee it has something to do with her death.
Beckett : This looks commercial.
UNK: It's an Arco Rifkin 11-30-R.
Hunt : Mostly used for lockers
UNK: like those found at train stations or health clubs.
Beckett : All right, well, I'll have Ryan canvass the area
Beckett : around her apartment and the motel.
Beckett : We'll see if any of the businesses
Beckett : have lockers that use this kind of key.
Esposito : Yo, Beckett. I got something.
UNK: Yeah, Detective Esposito, this is Detective Inspector Colin Hunt.
Beckett : He's from Scotland Yard.
UNK: He's gonna be consulting on this case.
Beckett : He knows our victim.
Esposito : Hey. How's it going?
Hunt : Pleasure, mate.
Beckett : So what do you got?
Esposito : Well, Naomi did make it to that album release party last night
Esposito : at a club in Midtown.
Esposito : But she was kicked out by security around 10 : 00.
UNK: Why?
UNK: 'Cause she had an altercation with the host.
Esposito : Female rapper and ex-felon, Nicky Jay.
Esposito : And she wasn't afraid to take a swing in front of paparazzi.
Castle : Wow. What was the fight about?
Esposito : Unclear, but uniforms are bringing her up to interrogation now.
Hunt : Do you usually question them solo?
Beckett : No, Castle and I usually go in together.
Castle : Actually, you know what? Why don't you guys take this one?
Beckett : Are you sure?
Castle : Yeah. Absolutely.
Castle : Besides, Colin's got a personal interest. I really don't now, do I?
Hunt : All right. It's settled then.
Beckett : Yeah, I guess it is.
Castle : Yeah. Besides, my lunch date is here.
Castle : I'll be back in a few hours.
Castle : You guys call me if you find anything interesting.
UNK: Hell yeah, I clocked her.
UNK: Nikki J : She was trying to make a move on my man.
Beckett : Your man, Biggie Slim?
UNK: Nikki J : That's right.
UNK: Nikki J : She had the nerve to say
UNK: Nikki J : that he told her to put her digits in his phone.
Hunt : Did he?
UNK: Nikki J : That ain't the point.
UNK: That skinny bitch wasn't even supposed to be there.
UNK: Nikki J : When I got up in her face,
UNK: she said Biggie Slim's cousin, Drew, told her about the party.
UNK: Nikki J : But I knew that was BS because Drew wasn't even invited.
UNK: It must make you so bloody mad
UNK: to know your man has a wandering eye.
Hunt : I had a girlfriend like that. Traveled for business.
Hunt : She'd ring from the airport to say her flight was canceled.
UNK: I come to find out she was seeing some other bloke.
UNK: Nikki J : She sound like a ho.
UNK: All I'm saying is I understand your instinct to lash out
Hunt : at the person you believe is responsible.
UNK: Nikki J : I protect what's mine. You should do the same.
Beckett : Is that why you followed Naomi to the motel
Beckett : and strangled her with your bare hands?
UNK: Nikki J : You must be high.
UNK: Nikki J : That skank wasn't worth another second of my time.
UNK: Nikki J : I told security to give her the boot and that was that.
Beckett : Really? Can you prove it?
UNK: Nikki J : My driver brought us home.
UNK: Nikki J : I was with Biggie Slim the rest of the night.
UNK: Biggie Slim : Yeah, I went home with Nicky Jay.
UNK: Biggie Slim : After the tussle, she was all worked up.
UNK: Biggie Slim : But I like it when she gets worked up.
UNK: Biggie Slim : When she got something to prove.
UNK: Nikki J : She said that the fight started
Beckett : because you were spending time with this girl.
UNK: Biggie Slim : Oh, yeah. That girl.
UNK: Biggie Slim : What can I say?
UNK: Women are powerless against my good looks and charms.
HUNT : Yes, it's a real curse.
Hunt : You and Naomi, what did you talk about?
UNK: Well, little bit of this, little bit of that.
Esposito : She was a bad chick, you know?
UNK: Biggie Slim : But a little off, you know what I'm talking about?
Hunt : No. What are you talking about?
UNK: Man, she was acting paranoid, man.
UNK: Said somebody had followed her to the party.
UNK: Biggie Slim : Figured she was just blowing smoke.
HUNT : Why is that?
UNK: Look, I don't just produce Nicky Jay, all right?
UNK: Biggie Slim : I'm building my brand.
UNK: Biggie Slim : I got Biggie Slim Records, Biggie Slim Clothing.
UNK: Biggie Slim : Hell, I even got a Biggie Slim energy drink.
UNK: Biggie Slim : So some filly comes up trying to make her time,
UNK: Biggie Slim : it's just an everyday thing in my life.