UNK: Oh! I'm gonna send a nurse in here to schedule your prenatal care.
House : You're due in about five months, so start planning the shower.
Jill : Um, Doctor?
Jill : Please, me and my husband wanted to have a kid soon,
Jill : but, oh, God,
Jill : like four months ago, we had this really big fight.
Jill : He moved out. I did something stupid.
House : One-night stand? Ex-boyfriend.
UNK: Well, I'll schedule you a paternity test too.
Jill : I can't let my husband know.
House : Does the old boyfriend look like your husband?
UNK: Yeah.
House : Then just have the kid. He'll never know.
House : The most successful marriages are based on lies.
House : You're off to a great start.
House : Well, you look cheery. What's going on?
Cameron : The Hartig and Chen-Lupino babies, their kidneys are shutting down.
Chase : And the urine tests show no casts.
House : Which means the antibiotics are causing the kidney failure.
Foreman : You're the nephrologist. Which one did it? We'll take 'em off that one.
Foreman : Don't tell me both vancomycin and aztreonam. - They both can cause this.
Chase : There's no way to know which one it is. No test.
UNK: We can't take 'em off the antibiotics though. They'll die of the infection.
Cameron : If we leave them on both the antibiotics, they'll die of kidney failure.
Chase : So, we take our best guess then. Which drug's causing the kidney failure?
UNK: It's like I said, it's always MRSA in hospitals. Take them off aztreonam.
Cameron : I still think it's the pseudomonas. I vote to take them off the vancomycin.
House : There's no point in guessing.
House : Take one kid off vancomycin, the other off aztreonam.
Chase : They have the same disease. You want to give them different treatments? - What the hell are you doing?
UNK: Therapeutic trial, to find the cause of the infection. - That's wrong.
House : We have four sick kids at least.
House : Who knows how many more haven't started showing symptoms yet? - We have a duty to these two.
House : If these two have different reactions, we'll know how to save the rest.
Foreman : So you're condemning one of these kids to die based on random chance?
House : I guess I am.
Cuddy : So you're going to flip a coin?
Cuddy : That's how you decide which baby lives?
House : Can I borrow a quarter?
UNK: Hospital Attorney : Do you want to get sued, lose your license, House?
UNK: Hospital Attorney : Well, generally I'd applaud that, but my job is to protect this hospital,
UNK: so I strongly advise you to come up with a medical rationale...
UNK: why baby "A" should get medicine "X" and vice versa.
UNK: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on there, slick. We didn't all go to law school.
House : Your advice is that I should use medical reasons to make medical decisions? Hmm, that's not gonna be as easy.
Attorney : Any medical justification. It doesn't need to be a good one.
UNK: Well, "Hartig" sounds Jewish, so does aztreonam, so we'll take the Hartig kid off vancomycin.
House : How's that?
Cuddy : - You can't experiment on babies. - Doctors experiment all the time.
Cuddy : - On adults, with their consent. - Fine. I'll get the parents' consent.
Attorney : Their informed consent. They have to know the other kid is getting a different treatment.
House : Sorry. Can't do that. It would be unethical for one patient to know about another patient's treatment.
UNK: They have a right to know. - If they know, they won't consent. That defeats the whole purpose.
Attorney : That's their right.
UNK: Two more babies have just become symptomatic.
UNK: I defer to your legal wisdom.
UNK: Which takes precedence... six dying babies or a missing consent form?
Attorney : You can't do it.
Cuddy : Do what you think is best.
Foreman : Your daughter's kidneys are shutting down.
Cameron : Your son's kidneys are failing.
Foreman : So we're going to take her off the aztreonam.
Cameron : We're taking him off vancomycin.
UNK: Uh, but what... what made her sick in the first place?
Kim : - What do you think is causing it? - It seems to be a germ called pseudomonas.
Foreman : We think it's MRSA... Methicillin-resistant staph aureus.
Foreman : It's a very resistant form of a very common bacteria.
Cameron : We're hoping the aztreonam will clear it up.
Foreman : Vancomycin is the best treatment for MRSA, so we're gonna keep giving it to her.
Ethan : Is it gonna cure her?
Foreman : Your child is very sick. You need to know that.
UNK: This is a Hail Mary pass. It might cure her. It might not.
UNK: So-So, that'll cure him?
Cameron : We'll know in 24 hours if it's working.