House : Tell them their child probably saved five lives.
Cameron : - But Chase should... - Chase is busy.
Cameron : You're the attending.
House : Make sure she does her job.
House : I asked you to make sure she does her job, not do it for her.
UNK: She froze up. She felt sorry for the parents, so she shut up.
House : You felt sorry for her, so you opened your mouth. She has a problem.
House : She needs to deal with it. If you hadn't bailed her out, she would have done it.
Wilson : Great. Then she wouldn't have slept for two weeks.
Wilson : Maybe she should be thinking about a different specialty.
Wilson : Lab work? Research?
UNK: Yeah, what is it? - The Hartig baby... she's getting sicker too.
Cameron : The vancomycin isn't working either.
House : Vancomycin doesn't kill it. Aztreonam doesn't kill it.
House : What the hell is this?
UNK: It's a superbug. It could be V.R.S.A.
Cuddy : There's only been two reported cases ever in the United States.
Chase : One of the kids, the Hausen baby, had a skin rash.
Chase : It could be scalded-skin syndrome, which would be a sign of V.R.S.A. Then these kids are dead.
House : This is our fault.
House : Doctors overprescribing antibiotics.
House : Got a cold? Take some penicillin.
House : Sniffles? No problem. Have some azithromycin.
House : Is that not working anymore? Well, got your levaquin.
House : Antibacterial soaps in every bathroom.
UNK: They'll be adding vancomycin to the water supply soon.
UNK: We bred these superbugs.
House : They're our babies, and they're all grown up,
House : and they've got body piercings and a lot of anger.
House : On the other hand, maybe antibiotics had nothing to do with it.
House : Did you notice how low his B.P. was at the end, even with three pressors?
Wilson : Heart damage?
House : Go home. There's nothing more you can do tonight.
UNK: Baby Boy Chen-Lupino.
UNK: Time of death... 6 : 57 p.m., Thursday, December 2, 2004.
UNK: This is a cross section of the Chen-Lupino boy's myocardium.
UNK: Fibrosis, lymphocytic infiltrates.
UNK: There was no sign of lymphocytosis in the blood tests.
House : Yes, well, we all had plenty of good reasons to think bacterial.
House : Nobody is scolding you.
UNK: Unfortunately, all those clever reasons were wrong.
House : It is a virus infecting their hearts.
UNK: Then we're screwed. We can't chase down a virus.
Foreman : There's a thousand possibilities. We could run gels, antibody tests.
Foreman : A thousand of them? The kids don't have enough blood.
House : Chase, you're the intensivist. How many could we do before we risk exsanguinating the kids?
Chase : You're talking vials, not stick tests? I wouldn't take more than five or six.
House : Okay, so we have to narrow the thousand viruses down to six.
House : Now, the autopsy's shown us what the virus does.
House : So, let's go. What do we know?
UNK: That ribavirin and acyclovir don't knock it out.
Cuddy : - Cross out the herpes viruses. - Also adenovirus.
House : What else? What else? Keep talking!
UNK: Well, I-it only seems to hit children.
Chase : - The mothers aren't sick, so... - No toxoplasmosis, no rubella.
Foreman : Cross out the entire TORCH syndrome.
Wilson : - You didn't find any lung damage? - No.
Wilson : - None of the paramyxoviridae. - Cardiac scarring, people.
UNK: C.M.V.
Foreman : Enteroviruses too, I think.
UNK: Eleven. Influenza A.