UNK: And? It's what we expected.
UNK: Soap Doctor : The accident caused serious damage.
House : It's amnesia.
UNK: Soap Doctor : I'm sorry.
UNK: Soap Patient : I just can't believe it.
Lim : Enjoying our lounge, House?
House : Just came in to get milk for my coffee, which you're out of.
UNK: Dr. Kubisak : - Flat or sparkling? - Sparkling. - Splat.
Kubisak : So, the Hartigs?
UNK: Their baby gets a fever. What, don't tell me... the kid had a seizure.
UNK: Yep. The parents, ofcourse, start freaking, and I have to deal with that for an hour.
UNK: Like it was your fault. She was perfect when I delivered her.
UNK: If you wanna blame someone, blame the pediatrician. So, how is the kid now?
Lim : Bowel obstruction. She's under observation. She'll be fine.
UNK: Dr. Lim : The pediatrician will take all the credit.
UNK: Exhibit A : Baby Girl Hartig.
UNK: Term baby, 42 hours old.
UNK: Went into seizures six hours ago, brought into the intensive care...
UNK: diagnosed with obstruction of the small bowel.
UNK: I'm still amazed you're actually in the same room with a patient.
UNK: People don't bug me until they get teeth.
UNK: Exhibit B : Baby Boy Hausen.
UNK: Another term baby, 48 hours old.
UNK: Brought into the NICU three hours before the Hartig baby.
UNK: Fever of unknown origin, 101 degrees, trending upwards.
Wilson : Wow, that is amazing.
UNK: You hung out in the OB/GYN lounge all morning and heard about two sick babies.
UNK: - It's... It's eerie. - Don't touch that.
UNK: All right. We have an infection spreading in the hospital.
Wilson : These kids have totally unrelated illnesses.
House : They fell sick within four hours of each other.
House : They had the same delivery rooms, maternity rooms are neighboring, so transmission's possible.
House : - They have the same symptoms. - The Hartig girl has a bowel obstruction.
Wilson : No matter how close their beds are, I'm pretty sure kids can't share a blockage.
House : What does bowel obstruction on a chart indicate?
Wilson : Normally I'd say it indicates a patient's bowel is obstructed,
Wilson : but I'm pretty sure you have some deeper truth to impart.
House : It means that some random doctor of indeterminate skill thinks that the patient's bowel is obstructed.
Wilson : Okay, you're upset because they threw you out of their lounge. - Look at the X-ray.
UNK: It's a normal gas pattern. If you want, I can get you a key to the oncology lounge.
House : Air in the colon. We're getting TiVo.
House : If it's air, no bowel obstruction.
Wilson : Even if it is air, it could have been there before the obstruction.
House : No. Something's infected both these infants.
Cuddy : And you're the only one who put this together because...
House : Because I'm the only one who looked at both kids.
House : I want them isolated. I want the maternity ward shut down.
Cuddy : Because you're better at reading an X-ray than a radiologist.
House : Radiologists always overread babies' X-rays, especially if they're asked to rule out a pathology.
House : - He read into it what he wanted. - Which is exactly what you're doing.
Cuddy : You're finding a cluster because you think it's interesting to find a cluster.
Cuddy : Two plain old sick babies would bore you.
House : See, this is why I don't waste money on shrinks,
House : 'cause you give me all these really great insights for free.
Cuddy : Shrink. If you would consider going to a shrink, I would pay for it myself.
Cuddy : The hospital would hold a bake sale, for God's sake.
House : We have an epidemic!
Cuddy : Two sick babies is very sad, but it doesn't prove an epidemic.
House : How many do?
House : Get up. We're going hunting.
Foreman : For what?
UNK: Wabbits.