House : Flu A.
UNK: Yes?
UNK: And?
House : I'm putting R.S.V. down as a yes.
House : That makes eight.
Chase : - Eight vials of blood is pushing it. - Pushing it? Well, we love that.
House : Get the antibody kits, start testing the sick kids.
UNK: All right, I'll look into whether there are any antivirals for these eight.
UNK: Wait a second. The kids on the floor who didn't get sick... are any of them still in the hospital?
Wilson : They got moved to the fifth floor, but they're probably all checked out by now.
UNK: No, the Limpert boy had a bit of jaundice. He's checking out today.
House : I want to test his blood too. Why?
UNK: Because we need all the information we can get.
House : The healthy kid can be our control group.
Cuddy : I'll just tell his parents he can't check out because he has the smallpox.
UNK: Stephen Morgan, contact Hospital Administration.
UNK: Dr. Paul to the Recovery Room.
Chase : All done. All done.
House : What did we get?
Foreman : Well, the sick babies all tested positive for echovirus 11.
UNK: Great. And C.M.V., and parvovirus B-19.
UNK: Three viruses? - But what's weirder, the healthy kid we tested,
UNK: he's positive for echovirus 11 and C.M. V. antibodies as well.
House : They're infants.
House : They have their mother's blood, their mother's antibodies.
UNK: So we've just learned nothing? Uh-uh.
House : We have half the picture. The healthy kids survived because their mothers' antibodies saved them.
UNK: If the mom had C.M.V. in the past, she'd have the antibodies for C.M.V. The kid would be immune from it.
Foreman : So, we test the sick kids' moms for echovirus, C.M.V. and parvovirus.
House : And whichever they don't have the antibodies for, that's what's killing their kids.
Foreman : I'll test the mothers.
UNK: Dr. Kent's office, one. Dr. Kent's office, one.
Foreman : Echovirus 11.
Foreman : It's an enterovirus. It lodges in the intestinal tract.
Cameron : Enteroviruses cause diarrhea and flu-like symptoms in adults, maybe a rash,
Cameron : but for newborns, it can be deadly.
Cameron : It's damaging her heart.
Karen : Well, is there anything you can do?
Foreman : Viruses are more difficult to treat than bacterial infections.
Foreman : We still haven't found a cure for the common cold.
UNK: So, you mean there's no vaccine or...
Foreman : There's a company in Pennsylvania developing an antiviral.
Foreman : It got positive results in a lab setting.
Foreman : We managed to get our hands on it.
Cameron : Imagine not being able to touch your own baby.
Cameron : Can I get your guys' help with something? Sure.