UNK: SPEAKING INAUDIBLY
UNK: WHISTLES, CLICKS TONGUE
UNK: Sorry. Only NYPD past this point.
Castle : You must be new here. I'm actually...
Sully : I know exactly who you are.
UNK: But like I said, only NYPD past this point.
UNK: That's... Right there. Those are my people right here.
Castle : - Hey, guys! - It's okay, Sully, we got it.
Castle : - All right. - Thanks.
Ryan : - Hey, Castle. - LAUGHS
UNK: Who's that guy, Ryan?
Ryan : That is Detective Grant Sullivan.
Ryan : As much as we miss Beckett,
Ryan : it's nice to have a new guy to boss around.
UNK: Nice.
UNK: Javier Esposito : What are you doing here, bro?
Castle : Well, you would know if you would've answered my call.
Esposito : I must not have heard it ring.
Castle : You rejected it. On live television.
UNK: Okay, guys, look, I am big enough to overlook that
Castle : and still offer to help you guys out.
Ryan : Help us out?
UNK: This is a high-profile case,
UNK: and I am willing to let you guys exclusively benefit
UNK: from my out-of-the-box, crime-solving mind.
Esposito : And what do you get?
UNK: Escape from the life in the loft.
UNK: Ah! Sorry, Castle. If Gates were to find out...
UNK: Richard Castle : - Yeah. - She won't. She won't find out.
Castle : I happen to know she's at a conference in Florida.
UNK: So you won't even know I'm here.
UNK: SHUTTER CLICKS
UNK: CHUCKLES A washed-up sitcom star dangling from a hook?
Castle : Does it get any better?
UNK: I grew up watching that show.
Martha : Charlie Reynolds is highly underrated as an actor.
UNK: 2 Cool for School is a timeless gem.
Esposito : I seriously doubt that. Not that I've ever watched it.
UNK: Sidney Perlmutter : Mr. Castle, you're back. But not by popular demand.
UNK: Good to see you, too, Perlmutter.
Ryan : Do you have a time of death for us?
UNK: Between 7 : 00 p.m. And 2 : 00 a.m.
Perlmutter : The cause is obvious.
Perlmutter : He plummeted off the roof and landed on the hook.
Esposito : Possible suicide.
Perlmutter : Based on the crane's distance from the building
Perlmutter : and signs of struggle on the roof,
Perlmutter : he was pushed.
Castle : What was Charlie Reynolds doing on the roof in the first place?
Ryan : Good question. He actually owns an apartment in the building,
Ryan : but he wasn't living here.
Ryan : Every unit's been stripped down to the studs,
Ryan : so he was staying in a sublet.
Castle : Any family or next of kin?
Ryan : On the TV show, yes. In real life, not so much.
Esposito : Well, whatever he was doing here, we've got unis
UNK: canvassing to see if anyone saw him or anyone else last night in the area.
UNK: Hmm.
UNK: I wonder what this means. Nine digits.
Castle : Well, given he was pushed off a roof and landed on a hook,
Castle : I'm saying that is not his lucky number.
Ryan : - Yo, Sully. - Yeah.
UNK: CELL PHONE BEEPS
Ryan : Check out this number and see how it connects with our victim.
Ryan : And let's start piecing together where he was before he wound up here.
Sully : I'm on it. Meantime, I checked his voicemail,
UNK: and he had a bunch of angry messages yesterday from some chick.
Sully : Said she would kill him if he didn't call her back.
Sully : Said she would not be ignored.
UNK: Aha! A classic rabbit boiler.
UNK: Stalker, gentlemen. An obsessed fan.
Esposito : Do we know who the caller is?
Sully : I traced the number to an address downtown.
Sully : - Her name is... - Geraldine Powers.
Sully : Geraldine Powers. Yeah.
CASTLE : I bet she even has a creepy shrine to him.