UNK: What can I say? It was need-to-know.
Wright : We needed you to monitor the investigation,
Wright : so NYPD didn't get too close to the Russians to compromise our operation.
Wright : We also figured you might lead us to the weapons, which you did.
UNK: So what happens how?
Wright : We hope that Renkov sends the guns on to wherever they're going,
Wright : so we can track them.
UNK: And you guys walk away.
RYAN : I can't believe Charlie was spying on Anton Renkov and his organization.
Ryan : Any of them look familiar?
Esposito : Yeah. I saw about three of those Russians on the movie set.
UNK: - RYAN : Mmm-hmm. - And according to Interpol,
Sully : all of them got criminal records back in the motherland.
Sully : Assault, murder, all kinds of bad stuff.
UNK: I bet one of them found out that Charlie was a spy and they killed him.
UNK: Especially since we know that Charlie was followed to the warehouse.
Ryan : Based on what?
Beckett : We tracked Charlie's movements
Beckett : by triangulating the cell towers that his phone pinged off.
UNK: And then we used that time stamp
Beckett : to pull satellite footage of the warehouse.
UNK: How'd you guys get there?
Perlmutter : Chicken poop.
UNK: Oh.
Beckett : Well, whatever works.
Beckett : Point is that someone was following him,
Beckett : that's what I'd investigate.
Mccord : Actually, we need to hit pause on the investigation.
Mccord : - Word just came down from D.C. - Why?
Mccord : CIA doesn't believe Renkov knows Charlie was a mole.
UNK: They think the Russians would've moved the weapons if they knew.
UNK: But we're not interested in the weapons. We just wanna solve his murder.
Mccord : And D.C. Has a problem with that.
Mccord : You talk to these Russians, it could kick up some dust,
Mccord : set off their alarms about Charlie Reynolds,
Mccord : and jeopardize the CIA operation.
UNK: Okay. So by "pause," what you really mean is "stop."
Mccord : I know how you feel,
Mccord : but this case intersects with national security issues.
Mccord : I'm sorry, but it's over.
Castle : Hey. Got your text. What time is your flight?
Beckett : Tomorrow morning.
Castle : So listen, I'm sorry about that whole bribe thing.
UNK: I should've known you were incorruptible.
Beckett : - Yeah, I wouldn't say that. - Hmm.
Castle : Well, then allow me to try and corrupt you a little later at my place,
Castle : where we can finally have some alone time.
Castle : And by alone time, I mean you and me,
Castle : and my mother, and Alexis and Pi.
UNK: That...
UNK: That sounds crowded.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : You know what? Why don't you just give me a call
Beckett : after you guys have solved the case?
Castle : Didn't you hear McCord? The case is wrapped.
Beckett : Is it?
UNK: ELEVATOR DOOR OPENS
RYAN : This whole "greater good" thing blows.
Ryan : Charlie died serving his country. He deserves justice.
Castle : What happened to Beckett? She used to understand that.
Castle : I think she still does.
Ryan : This must be the satellite footage Beckett was talking about.
Esposito : And there's Charlie, entering the warehouse.
UNK: Uh, gentlemen, I take it you're finishing up paperwork
Gates : on the case that you are no longer investigating?
UNK: - You bet. - Absolutely.
Ryan : - Yes, sir. - Good. Carry on.
Castle : Okay. You see him? Beckett was right. Charlie was followed.
Esposito : And look, he's wearing a baseball cap to be incognito.
Ryan : Not incognito enough. Check out the design on that hat.
UNK: Just like the 2 Cool for School crew hat that I got.
Ryan : The one you made fun of.
Castle : So whoever followed Charlie came from the movie set.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Esposito : Thanks for your time.
Esposito : Guys, nobody at the production office saw Charlie being followed.
Esposito : But as soon as he was done filming for the day,
UNK: a PA gave him a ride to a bodega in Brooklyn.
UNK: And that bodega? Five blocks from the warehouse.
Ryan : This is the security cam footage from outside the bodega.
Esposito : And based on the time stamp, this is when the PA dropped Charlie off.
Castle : That's him. There he is.
UNK: Okay, and there's our guy in the crew hat.
Ryan : Can't quite make out his face.
UNK: Try a different angle.
UNK: Ah, I'm gonna try zooming in.
Castle : That's the actress from the movie.