UNK: A timeless gem? Really?
UNK: That was a very nuanced performance.
UNK: REMOTE CONTROL CLICKS
Esposito : Nothing you're telling me is explaining why you threatened Charlie Reynolds.
Geraldine : Charlie moved into a sublet while his building was being rehabbed,
Geraldine : and a few days ago, some of his mail got forwarded here by mistake.
Geraldine : His bank statement showed
Geraldine : that he had just made a deposit for 125 grand.
Geraldine : Charlie could barely cover his rent with the jobs I booked.
UNK: So where'd he get the cash?
Geraldine : Only thing that makes sense is that he booked a gig on the side
Geraldine : and cut me out of my commission.
Ryan : Do you have any idea what that gig was?
Geraldine : No, but for him to pull in that kind of money,
UNK: LAUGHS it had to be something big.
Castle : The key here is that mystery gig.
UNK: A down-on-his-luck actor, barely scraping by.
Castle : Maybe he got involved in some shady deal that cost him his life.
Ryan : Or someone recognized his true acting talent and gave him a job.
Esposito : Like some C-list, where-are-they-now reality show
UNK: where he has to mud-wrestle Danny Bonaduce and Webster
Esposito : just to get a job with Donald Trump.
Castle : What happened to Beckett's desk?
Esposito : That's Sully's desk now.
Runner : Oh, uh...
Sully : Mr. Castle, sorry if I came on a little strong back at the scene.
Sully : I'm still trying to get the lay of the land here.
Sully : Detective Beckett left some big shoes to fill.
UNK: Yeah, she did. I see you filled her desk.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : Mr. Castle, what are you doing here?
UNK: STAMMERING Captain Gates. I thought you were at a conference.
Gates : It ended a day early.
Gates : But you wouldn't even know that unless you were checking up on me.
UNK: Oh, I see what's happened here.
Gates : This man has insinuated himself
Gates : into the Charlie Reynolds investigation, hasn't he? And you let him?
Gates : Well, news for you, Mr. Castle.
Gates : - You are not NYPD. - ELEVATOR BELL DINGS
Gates : And you no longer have a reason for being here.
UNK: - ELEVATOR DOORS CLOSE - This is our murder case.
BECKETT : Not anymore.
UNK: Beckett!
Mccord : This is our case now.
Mccord : I have a letter from the Attorney General
Mccord : authorizing our taking point on this case.
Gates : May I see that, please?
UNK: LOWERED VOICE What are you doing here?
UNK: CHUCKLING Me? What am I doing? What are you doing here?
Castle : Why didn't you tell me you were coming to town?
UNK: - I was gonna surprise you. - NORMAL VOICE Well done.
Gates : Then perhaps you should brief the team.
Mccord : Good morning, I am Agent McCord. Of course, you know Agent Beckett.
Mccord : We are joining this investigation,
Mccord : so we need access to all information regarding Charlie Reynolds' death.
UNK: Which is fed-speak for you're pushing us out.
Beckett : No, you'll continue to work the case, you'll just be reporting to us.
UNK: Uh, why is the murder of an ex-sitcom star a federal case?
Beckett : We're not at liberty to say.
UNK: No, wait, let me get this straight.
Gates : You want us to continue investigating, report everything to you,
Gates : but you're not going to tell us why you're here?
UNK: It's need-to-know.
Mccord : We'll be setting up in the conference room.
Mccord : We'll need any preliminary reports,
UNK: and all of Reynolds' personal electronics, phones, iPads, computers.
Mccord : Thank you for your cooperation.
Mccord : We'll use the victim's phone and computer data