Esposito : Wait a minute. She's not just an actress.
Esposito : She's also Svetlana Renkov. She's Anton's niece.
UNK: Hubba-hubba.
Mccord : So basically, your people did exactly what I told them not to do.
Gates : You put us in a difficult spot when you decided
Gates : that the CIA's agenda was more important than solving a murder.
UNK: I didn't decide anything. Orders came down.
Gates : This is not my first rodeo dealing with the folks down in D.C.
Gates : Soon enough, the name Charlie Reynolds
Gates : will be a distant memory for you.
Gates : But not for us.
Gates : He may not have had a grieving mother or a wife waiting for him,
Gates : but his killer should not go unpunished.
Mccord : Regardless, I can't let you take a run at Svetlana Renkov.
Beckett : Look, the whole reason the CIA is shutting this case down
Beckett : is because they are convinced
UNK: that the Russians didn't realize that Charlie was a spy.
Beckett : But Anton's niece following Charlie seems to contradict that.
Beckett : And if the Russians did get on to Charlie,
UNK: wouldn't the CIA wanna know that their mission is compromised?
Mccord : Okay. In the spirit of containment,
Mccord : let's talk to Svetlana.
Mccord : You followed him. You followed him to the warehouse.
UNK: Yes.
Beckett : Why did he go there?
Svetlana : He was looking for guns.
Mccord : And that was when you realized he was about to betray your family,
UNK: and so, you told them.
Svetlana : I told no one.
Beckett : You didn't even tell your Uncle Anton, or your other relatives?
Svetlana : No. I knew Charlie was a spy,
Svetlana : but I never said so to my family. I would die first.
Svetlana : We were in love.
Beckett : I'm sorry, what?
Svetlana : I can show you our love letters.
UNK: Ha!
Ryan : You mocked Dewey.
Ryan : But not only was he a secret agent, look at that.
Ryan : He was a stud.
Castle : It's Romeo and Juliet. With a nerdy Romeo.
Esposito : And a smoking hot Russian Juliet.
SVETLANA : We fell in love the moment we met.
UNK: But for two years I only saw Charlie
Svetlana : when he came to Anton's parties in Russia.
Svetlana : He knew I wanted to get away, away from that life.
UNK: So when Anton paid for the movie,
Svetlana : Charlie said it was a perfect chance for me to come here,
Svetlana : for us to be together.
Beckett : Okay, if all of that's true, then why did you trail him to the warehouse?
Svetlana : To beg him not to look for those guns. I was afraid my family would find out.
Mccord : - And did they? - No.
Svetlana : If they knew, I would be dead, too.
Svetlana : I told him to stop, but Charlie wouldn't listen to me.
UNK: He said he had to finish this one last mission before we disappeared.
McCORD : What do you mean "disappeared"?
Svetlana : We were going to run away and start over.
Svetlana : We were supposed to leave today.
Svetlana : Get away from my family. Get a fresh start.
Svetlana : Charlie wanted to leave everything behind.
Svetlana : The spying, the acting, the stupid character of Dewey.
McCORD : What about his apartment?
UNK: He just spent a lot of money renovating it.
Svetlana : He was leaving that, too.
UNK: SIGHS I mean, he could've gone to the roof
UNK: for one last look at the place, say goodbye.
Svetlana : He didn't have to. He knew it was in good hands.
Svetlana : He was giving it to a friend. That's why he was there that night.
McCORD : Who's the friend?
UNK: BUZZER SOUNDS
Epsosito : I can't believe it.
UNK: SPEAKING RUSSIAN
UNK: It's not who I would've expected.
Esposito : He was hiding in plain sight this whole time.
UNK: GRUNTS
UNK: Ramon.
Ryan : You're under arrest.
Esposito : Now, Ramon, you told us that you had other projects in the works.
Esposito : That you did the reunion movie as a favor to Charlie.
Ramon : For old times' sake. That's what friends are for.
Ramon : That doesn't make me a killer.
Esposito : Yeah. Well, we looked into these other projects,
Esposito : and, well, this is what we found.
Ryan : You've been working the graveyard at Global East Security for four years.
UNK: Yeah.
Ramon : Well, you know, acting has its ups and downs, you know?
UNK: I knew I'd be back in the game soon enough.
Esposito : Yeah, especially if playing the football coach on 2 Cool for School
Esposito : turned out to be a recurring gig.
Ryan : The plan was to make sequels,
Ryan : but if Charlie bailed,
Ryan : - there wouldn't be any. - Yeah.
Ryan : You'd be back to working security.
Ramon : I didn't hurt Charlie. I have an alibi.
UNK: Well, yeah, not anymore.
Esposito : See, your girlfriend admitted to us that she lied for you.
Ryan : She also mentioned that you borrowed her credit card that night.
UNK: And it turns out that you used it to charge a cab ride.
Esposito : To Charlie's building.
Ryan : You never told us that Charlie was gonna let you stay at his apartment
Ryan : because you knew it connected you to the crime scene.
UNK: I can explain, okay? I can explain everything, all right?
Ryan : - It's over, Ramon. - No, no, no, look.
UNK: He was doing his scene, and after that, he told me he was leaving.
Ramon : And I don't mean just for the day.
Ramon : He was leaving for good.