UNK: Look, you gotta understand, there's a lot of money at stake here.
Hank : The show must go on.
Castle : Ah! I've been there.
UNK: My book, Naked Heat, got made into a movie a few years back.
Hank : Didn't that go straight to DVD?
Castle : There were script issues.
Castle : And casting issues and directing issues.
Ryan : Did Charlie have any problems with anyone on set?
Hank : Not that I'm aware of. CHUCKLES
Hank : Everybody loved him.
Hank : What's not to love? CHUCKLES
Esposito : He took a look at the accounting books recently. Any idea why?
Hank : Can't imagine. Hey, whoa, whoa, whoa, easy.
UNK: But we might. Maybe Charlie thought somebody was skimming money.
Castle : Yes, we heard about your penchant for creative bookkeeping.
UNK: Wait, you think I killed him?
Epsosito : Well, if Charlie found out that you were up to your old tricks,
Epsosito : it would be motive.
Hank : First of all, I was here all night doing script changes.
Hank : And plus, I may have been caught with my hand in the cookie jar in the past,
Hank : but I'm not stupid enough to steal from the Russians.
Hank : The Russians?
Hank : Yeah, they're financing this picture. They wanna make this into a franchise.
Hank : This is my meal ticket!
UNK: So if there's anything hinky with the books, it's not 'cause of me.
UNK: Yeah, we're not gonna take your word for that.
UNK: We're gonna need to see those books.
UNK: Oh, yeah. They're all yours.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: We're gonna need one of these hats, too.
Ryan : You know what I don't get?
Esposito : You're wearing that hat. There's a lot you don't get.
UNK: Let's say Hank did embezzle money and killed Charlie to silence him.
Ryan : Why are the feds involved?
Castle : Well, maybe it has something to do with the Russians.
UNK: Well, if we knew the feds' angle, we'd have a leg up on solving this.
UNK: Sorry, guys. I've yet to come up with a crazy, genius theory yet.
Ryan : You don't need to.
Ryan : Not when you can go directly to the source.
Esposito : Get Beckett to give us the lowdown.
Castle : Okay, wait a minute.
UNK: We get much-needed case information,
Ryan : you get to clear up any lingering doubts about your loyalty.
Ryan : Everybody wins.
Castle : Okay, guys, no, I can't do that, all right? After D.C., we promised we wouldn't...
Esposito : We did you a solid getting you on this case, Castle.
Esposito : It's time to pay up.
UNK: Guys, this is my fiancée, okay?
Castle : What does it say about our future if I keep pushing the boundaries?
UNK: Castle, your whole relationship is built
UNK: on a foundation of your boundary-pushing.
Castle : Good point.
UNK: Mmm.
UNK: Hey, I got your text.
Castle : Hey. I just wanted to check in with you.
UNK: You know, it must be weird for you,
Castle : being back here at the precinct, working a case.
Beckett : Yeah. Yeah, it is.
Esposito : Yeah, especially since McCord's little gag order
Castle : prevents you from accessing your most effective investigative tool. Me.
UNK: LAUGHS Yeah, you are a tool, all right.
UNK: - Wow. - So, uh, she's not here right now,
Castle : so what's the harm in giving me a little tidbit?
Beckett : This is a bribe. Castle, you're bribing me with a latte?
Castle : No, I am not. Come on. Don't be ridiculous.
Beckett : This is low, even for you.
UNK: WHISPERS Look, I can solve this. I just need a little more to go on.
UNK: Castle, you're not gonna "Castle" me on this one.
Castle : Okay, she's coming.
UNK: Just nod once if it's about the Russians, twice if it's about something else.
Castle : Twice. About something else.
Castle : Three times. STAMMERING What does that mean?
Castle : I don't know what that means.
UNK: Beckett, we got a lead. Let's go.
UNK: See you, Castle.
Castle : What does three nods mean?
UNK: Well?
UNK: I tried, but she wouldn't talk to me about the case.
Esposito : Where did the two of them go just now?
UNK: - Yeah, she wouldn't tell me that either. - SCOFFS
UNK: Hey, I was just...
Esposito : I can't even look at you right now.
Ryan : Hey, guys, I think we found something in these books Charlie was looking into.
UNK: I went over them and there's no signs of any financial shenanigans.
Ryan : The balance sheet seems kosher, but check out this ledger entry.
UNK: That is the number that we found in Charlie's pocket.
UNK: This must be that "irregularity" that Charlie was talking about.
Castle : But what does it mean?
UNK: Well, it corresponds to an invoice number
Ryan : for a shipment of camera equipment for the movie sent over from Russia.