Mccord : to reconstruct what he was up to in his last 24 hours.
Mccord : And by the way, D.C. Made it clear that they want us to send it to them.
Beckett : - Why do they want the data? - TYPING
Mccord : They didn't say. They rarely do.
UNK: SIGHS That's got to bother you.
Mccord : We don't always get the whole picture. Comes with the territory.
CASTLE : Maybe we should go over there
UNK: and just invite them in for some coffee, you know?
Esposito : We are not serving them coffee.
UNK: You bought this espresso machine for the NYPD.
Esposito : This is NYPD coffee only.
Castle : Come on, guys. That's a little harsh.
Ryan : Harsh? Beckett's a Judas.
Ryan : Her and her partner just hijacked our case.
UNK: Whose side are you on?
UNK: Your side. Look, guys, I'm on your side.
Esposito : Hey, Ryan, isn't it a little weird
UNK: that Castle shows up the same day that Agent Beckett takes over?
Ryan : Yes. It's quite a coincidence.
UNK: CHUCKLES No. It's not a... That...
Castle : Yeah, well... No, actually, yes, it's a coincidence.
Esposito : Maybe you and Beckett are in on this together.
Esposito : Maybe you are her inside man. You are Judas' Judas!
UNK: No. Guys, no, I swear! Come on, you know me.
UNK: - I'm watching you, Castle. - CELL PHONE CHIMES, BEEPS
Ryan : Perlmutter's got something for us.
Esposito : - Let's go. - Yeah.
UNK: After a complete examination, I was able to narrow time of death
UNK: to between 11 : 30 and 1 : 30.
UNK: And perimortem bruising on the arm and shoulder
UNK: is consistent with signs of a struggle.
Ryan : So Charlie fought back before he was thrown off the roof.
UNK: Yes,
Perlmutter : but the most fascinating discovery resides in here.
Esposito : Which is?
Perlmutter : An unusually large quantity of fresh bird excrement
Perlmutter : that I extracted from the tread of the victim's shoes.
UNK: No. I'll take your word for it.
Esposito : Okay, so he stepped in some pigeon...
Perlmutter : Sure! Only it didn't come from pigeons.
UNK: Now, painstaking analysis proves that this is none other than chicken poop.
Ryan : Not a lot of that in Manhattan.
Castle : Maybe Charlie's mystery job had something to do with chickens?
UNK: Well, after 2 Cool for School, almost anything is a step up.
UNK: Hey, now...
Esposito : What else you got for us?
Perlmutter : I'm afraid that's all I'm authorized to tell you at this time.
UNK: ELEVATOR BELL DINGS
Epsosito : I can't believe it. Even Perlmutter's answering to the feds now.
Ryan : We're being iced out of our own case.
Castle : Guys, maybe there's a perfectly reasonable explanation
Castle : for all the secrecy.
UNK: That's... You guys are right. This is outrageous!
Ryan : Yo, Sully, any leads on Charlie's mystery job?
UNK: Nothing that explains that 125 grand.
Geraldine : The only thing I've been able to dig up so far
Sully : is some personal appearance trips to Russia over the last few years.
Sully : - Russia? - Oh, yeah.
UNK: 2 Cool for School is huge over there.
Ryan : Dewey is to Russia what David Hasselhoff is to Germany.
UNK: I did catch a break off his credit card.
Sully : I got a line on a cab that picked Charlie up the day he got killed.
UNK: - Where'd it take him? - His sublet. But here's the kicker.
UNK: Another dude hopped in the backseat and the two of them got in a huge fight.
RYAN : Did you get a description?
UNK: Uh, no. Better. I got a name. His former co-star, Ramon Russo.
Ryan : Oh, yeah. He played the jock, Marco, right?
UNK: Richard Castle : - Yeah. - Oh.
Ryan : So you have seen the show?
UNK: I just caught it by accident once. It was...
Ryan : Well, then, as you might know, not only did Ramon play Marco,
UNK: but word is they hated each other.
UNK: Maybe that feud led to murder.
UNK: Ramon Russo : It was an accident. BREATHING HEAVILY
UNK: Ramon Russo : I tried to walk away, but he pushed me first.
UNK: Ramon Russo : I didn't mean to kill him, I swear.
Sully : Ramon Russo?
UNK: LAUGHS
UNK: My apologies, you guys.
Ramon : I'm telling you, this happens to me all the time,
Ramon : whether I'm out there on the street, or here teaching class.
Ramon : So, how can I help you fellas?
Ramon : You want an autographed picture? What?
Esposito : How about some of your time?
Castle : Maybe even decades of it.