Ramon : He wanted a fresh start. He had been out of work as long as me.
Ramon : Now we had a shot at doing these movies.
Ramon : You don't walk away from that kind of opportunity, that kind of money!
Esposito : How did you end up on the roof?
Ramon : 'Cause he asked me to meet him there!
Ramon : So I thought maybe he changed his mind. So I went.
Ramon : So there we were, looking at the great view,
Ramon : and he's saying to me that I could stay at his place for free.
Ramon : I don't want no charity! I don't wanna be house-sitting.
UNK: I wanted my career back! And he ruined it!
Ryan : So you just snapped.
UNK: You know, when I was on the show, I had money.
Ramon : For girls, for cars, for clothes, for whatever.
Ramon : And then, bam, all of it's gone.
UNK: And nobody tells you how it feels when it's gone, you know?
Ramon : Plenty of people around you to help you spend it, though.
Ramon : I just wanted my old life back.
UNK: DOOR OPENS
Gates : We're getting a full confession, thanks to you in large part.
Gates : Don't be a stranger, Agent Beckett. Drop by and see us sometime.
Beckett : Thank you, sir. I will.
UNK: DOOR OPENS
Beckett : Why is Svetlana still here?
UNK: DOOR CLOSES
Mccord : The CIA asked us to hold her.
UNK: CLICKS SWITCH
Wright : Svetlana, this is your opportunity to honor Charlie's memory.
Wright : To carry on his work.
Svetlana : You are asking me to spy on my family?
Wright : You have unprecedented access to Anton Renkov and his organization.
Wright : That is extremely valuable to us.
Svetlana : Do you know what they will do to me when they learn of this?
Wright : They could learn of this right now.
Wright : If word somehow got out that Charlie was CIA,
Wright : your family would ask some pretty tough questions.
Svetlana : You would do this to me?
Wright : Not if you help us.
UNK: SCOFFS
UNK: He's bluffing. The CIA's not gonna just expose her like that.
Mccord : Yeah, well, I wouldn't bet on it.
Beckett : The man that she loved was murdered
UNK: and he's gonna send her on a suicide mission?
Sully : Like I said, we don't always see the whole picture.
Beckett : I think this one's pretty clear.
UNK: Yeah, looks good. Well done.
UNK: Hey, yo, Sully, nostalgia file.
Beckett : - Hey. I'm off. - Thanks, Ryan.
UNK: Construction Worker : - Hey. - Just wanted to see you and say bye.
Esposito : - Good to see you. - Yeah. EXHALES
UNK: You think McCord is gonna miss us?
UNK: SIGHS Oh, yeah, desperately. But I'll be there to pick up the pieces.
UNK: Is that CIA spook really forcing Svetlana to take Charlie's place?
Ryan : That's not right.
Beckett : Yeah, but, you know, there's not much that we can do about it,
UNK: I mean, what...
Runner : Oh, uh...
UNK: I'm gonna clean that up, I swear.
UNK: - No, you know what? - RUSTLING
Beckett : This is your desk now.
UNK: And from what I can tell, you earned it.
UNK: Thanks. That means a lot coming from you.
Ryan : Check this out.
UNK: WOMAN ON TV : Police have arrested 2 Cool for School star, Ramon Russo,
UNK: News Reporter : for the murder of Charlie Reynolds.
UNK: News Reporter : Sources close to the case say Russo's motive may be tied
UNK: to Reynolds' relationship with co-star Svetlana Renkov,
UNK: News Reporter : who is currently under investigation
UNK: for her alleged ties to Russian organized crime.
Ryan : Whoa, whoa, where'd they get that? Svetlana's not under investigation.
Esposito : Maybe someone fed them a bad tip.
Beckett : You know, once that news hits her family,
UNK: they're gonna cut ties with her.
Epsosito : She'll be no good to the CIA?
UNK: - RYAN SNICKERS - Too bad.
CASTLE : Playing the anonymous source card?
Castle : I mean, that is pure genius.
Castle : It actually makes me love you more.
Beckett : Well, she's filing for asylum,
UNK: and the State Department's gonna help relocate her.
Beckett : So, hopefully that'll keep her safe.
Castle : Yeah, but even working for the feds,
Castle : you found the ultimate way to honor the victim.
Castle : Charlie died trying to get Svetlana away from her dangerous family.
Castle : You completed his mission.
UNK: Yeah, but you would've done the same thing, Castle.
Castle : Yes. Yes, and I would love me more for doing it, too.
UNK: Um...
UNK: Hey,
UNK: listen.
UNK: Um...
Castle : We really have to talk about something.
UNK: Okay.
Castle : We've been doing this long distance thing for months,
UNK: and, honey, I mean, we never see each other.
UNK: And when we do, it's a day here, it's a weekend there,
UNK: and let's face it, it's not working.
UNK: SIGHS
Beckett : I know, Castle, but I don't...
Beckett : I don't know how to fix this.
Castle : I do.
UNK: EXHALES What is that?
UNK: That's a key to our D.C. Apartment.
Castle : I mean, the truth is, I can write from anywhere.
Castle : So I found a place with a little home office.
UNK: EXHALES SHARPLY
Castle : Listen, if you don't like it when you see it, we can always...
Beckett : No! I don't need to see it. I love this!
UNK: Hmm. LAUGHS
Castle : - CHUCKLES - DOORBELL BUZZES
Castle : - Hold that thought. - Okay.
Castle : I bought Mother, Alexis and Pi an overnight yoga retreat.
UNK: They should not be home early.
UNK: Oh.
UNK: Hey.
Beckett : Hey, I thought our flight was at 8 : 00 in the morning.
McCORD : It is.
Mccord : They know it was you that tipped off the press.
Mccord : A part of me really admires you for the choice that you made,
Mccord : maybe because I'd like to think there was a time that I would've done it.
Mccord : But the people we answer to don't feel that way.
Beckett : Rachel, I...
Mccord : Kate, you're one of the best agents I've ever worked with,
Mccord : but I'm here to tell you you're fired.