Ramon : I'm telling you, Charlie's death is a personal tragedy for me
Ramon : and a huge loss for the acting community.
Ramon : And I'll do anything I can to help you find whoever did this to him.
Esposito : We understand you shared a cab ride with him yesterday?
Ramon : That's right. We left work together.
UNK: Oh. You worked with him? On what? And did it involve chickens?
UNK: Chickens? No, we were doing 2 Cool for School.
Ryan : But that show's been off the air for 20 years.
Ramon : No, man. We're doing a reunion movie.
Sully : - You are? - LAUGHS Yeah.
UNK: I mean, this is just the first we're hearing of it.
UNK: It's on the down-low, you know.
Ramon : We all had to sign those confidentiality agreements?
Ramon : But to be honest,
UNK: CHUCKLES I had a lot of other projects in the works.
Ramon : Charlie begged me to do it.
Ramon : He said it'd be fun to get the old gang back together, you know?
Esposito : Even with all the bad blood between you two?
Esposito : I mean, wasn't your character, Marco,
Esposito : originally supposed to be the star of the show,
Esposito : and then Dewey caught fire, stole the spotlight?
Esposito : Stole your spotlight?
Ramon : We were kids back then.
UNK: I mean, the show did a lot of great things for all of us.
Ramon : Whatever issues we had, we buried the hatchet a long time ago.
Castle : Not according to your cabbie.
Ramon : He said the two of you got into a big fight.
UNK: SIGHS Yeah, I lost my temper because he was wasting my time.
Ramon : He was disrespecting the craft. Charlie didn't know any of the lines.
UNK: I mean, I'm telling you, he was never like that.
Ramon : He was always real good with that kind of stuff, you know?
Castle : You're saying there was something going on with Charlie?
UNK: Definitely. It started a couple of days ago.
Ramon : He started showing up anxious and tired.
Ramon : And I asked him what was wrong, but he wouldn't say.
UNK: Where were you last night between 11 : 30 and 1 : 30?
UNK: So Ramon's girlfriend, Yasmine, confirms his story.
Esposito : He was home all night running lines with her.
UNK: Lines like, "I'm the biggest deal to ever walk these halls."
UNK: Ramon slipped me a signed copy of the script.
UNK: 2 Cool for School : Those Who Can't, Teach.
UNK: Really? Well, what's the storyline?
Castle : Dewey and Marco are back at Bayview High as faculty.
Castle : Dewey is the brainy science teacher,
UNK: while Marco's reliving his glory days as the football coach.
Castle : Oh, no. When Dewey runs into the sexy German teacher, Mrs. Pozman,
Castle : in the break room, he says...
BOTH : Hubba-hubba.
UNK: Hubba-hubba.
UNK: Anyway, I talked to the office staff at the movie set,
Sully : and not only has Charlie been acting weird lately, but two days ago,
UNK: he sweet-talked the accountant into letting him look over the books.
Castle : Why would the star care about the budget of the show?
Sully : I don't know, but the accountant told me
Sully : that Charlie said he'd found irregularities.
Sully : And get this, he made her swear not to tell the film's producer, Hank Harper,
Sully : that he'd been poking around.
Castle : Hank Harper? I've heard of him.
Castle : Rumor was he chased a director off set with a baseball bat.
Ryan : Check this out. Though he's never been convicted,
Ryan : Hank Harper has faced numerous charges of embezzling money
Ryan : from the films that he's worked on.
UNK: If Charlie would've found out that Hank was skimming money from the movie...
Castle : Then maybe Hank gave Charlie the hook.
Esposito : According to the production office,
UNK: Hank Harper's somewhere here on the set.
UNK: What can they even be filming if their star is dead?
UNK: Probably the scenes without Dewey.
Castle : Or scenes that explain why he's not in the whole movie.
Ryan : Or he's back from the dead.
UNK: The zombie apocalypse version. Now that I would watch.
Ryan : No, look, right there.
Esposito : There's another one.
UNK: CASTLE LAUGHS
Castle : They must be recasting the part.
UNK: What? There's only one Dewey Hancock.
Esposito : Yeah? Tell him that.
MAN : Action!
UNK: RUSSIAN ACCENT Dewey, thanks for giving up a Friday night
Svetlana : to chaperone the dance with me. I'll see you there.
UNK: WEAKLY Hubba-hubba.
Martha : No, no, no.
UNK: "Hubba-hubba" is not just a catchphrase,
Vlad : it is the essence of your character.
UNK: "Hubba-hubba" comes from here, not here.
Vlad : And, Svetlana, make him work for the hubba-hubba.
UNK: Hank Harper : No, no. Forget it, please.
UNK: Come on, you tried this before. The answer's no.
Sully : Hank Harper?
Hank : LAUGHS It's too late, pretty boy.
Hank : We already cast the muscular P.E. Teacher.
UNK: NYPD. We're here about Charlie Reynolds.
UNK: I'm gonna have to call you back.
UNK: - Charlie was a great kid, a real pro. - DOOR CLOSES
Hank : Working with him reminded me of the pictures I did with Pacino.
Castle : You worked with Al Pacino?
Hank : Barry Pacino. No relation. Every bit as talented. And taller.
Ryan : If you have such a high opinion of Charlie,
Ryan : how come you're already replacing him?