CASTLE : Yeah, it doesn't mean that it is.
Castle : This place could be teeming with bloodthirsty Cossacks.
Castle : - Do you have an extra gun? - Not for you.
Castle : At least we know we're in the right place.
Castle : I definitely stepped in something.
UNK: BEEPS
Ryan : Hey, guys, I found it.
Ryan : I found the shipment. Same invoice number.
Epsosito : It is just camera gear.
Epsosito : Wait a minute. It's a false bottom.
CASTLE : Oh!
Castle : My mother always said that the film business was tough.
UNK: That's why the Russians are financing that dumb-ass movie.
Esposito : They're using the production to smuggle in illegal weapons.
Castle : It's like Argo, but with guns.
BECKETT : Put the gun down and show me your hands!
Mccord : Now turn around slowly.
Beckett : What the hell are you guys doing here?
Castle : We're finding the guns you're looking for.
Mccord : What guns?
Ryan : You didn't know about the guns?
UNK: SIGHS
Mccord : We came here to observe and report.
Mccord : We don't know any more about this case than you do.
UNK: Well, then how did you guys get here?
Beckett : By retracing our victim's movements.
Mccord : He came here the day he died.
UNK: He must've come across these guns.
Mccord : I'll contact the ATF, have them secure the weapons.
Esposito : Not so fast, Clarice. We're the ones who found them.
UNK: So NYPD's gonna be the one booking these into evidence.
UNK: Ethan Wright : That's where you're both wrong. Those guns aren't going anywhere.
Beckett : Put your weapon down, now.
Ryan : You're the jogger. The guy who found the body.
UNK: Just put the gun down. We're federal agents.
Wright : I'm a federal agent, too. Name's Ethan Wright. I'm CIA.
Wright : Have Mario Lopez here make the call.
Mccord : Assuming you are who you say you are, why would the CIA be involved?
Wright : Charlie Reynolds was working for us. I recruited him two years ago.
Ryan : Dewey was a spy?
Wright : We used him to infiltrate the family of Anton Renkov.
Castle : Anton Renkov? I know that name.
Castle : He's the most notorious gangster in all Russia.
Wright : He's also a major fan of 2 Cool for School.
Castle : That's why Charlie was taking all those trips to Russia.
WRIGHT : That's right. They loved him there.
Wright : So I approached him about using those trips to gather intel
Wright : on Renkov and his organization.
Wright : Charlie didn't hesitate. And he was good.
UNK: Turned out he was a better actor than most people gave him credit for.
Ryan : That's what I've been saying.
Esposito : Yo, this guy checks out.
RYAN : WHISPERS Oh, thank God. My arm.
Beckett : So Anton Renkov was using the movie as a front
Beckett : to smuggle arms into the U.S. For the Russian mob?
Beckett : And Charlie's job was to find those guns?
Wright : More or less.
Wright : He contacted me a couple of days ago.
UNK: He told me that he'd located the shipment.
Wright : We set up a meet so we could get him a GPS tracker to attach to the guns.
Wright : When he didn't call, I started looking for him.
UNK: Would've been nice if you told us sooner.