Ted : Hi. Uh, ted mosby for dr. Zinman.
Abby : Oh, hi, ted. Love the 'stache.
Abby : You look like a young tom selleck,
Abby : Only a million times handsomer.
Abby : Dr. Zinman, magnum's here to see you.
Abby : Just kidding.
Abby : Stupid.
Stella : Sorry I'm late. Typical two-minute lunch.
Stella : So we are very close to getting...
Ted : Why? Just why?
Barney : Y-you don't remember?
Barney : I'll bet anyone ten bucks
Barney : I can get ted to grow a moustache.
Ted : Uh... Okay.
Ted : You sabotaged my next to last chance with stella
Ted : For ten dollars?
Lily : I know. I would've done it for free.
Barney : But no. You owe me ten bucks.
Ted : This is awful. My-my tenth session is next week.
Ted : I'm gonna ask her out, and she's gonna say
Ted : The most demoralizing syllable in the english language... no.
Ted : You know what? Just forget it.
Ted : I'm not even gonna ask her.
Lily : No, you have to. She likes you.
Lily : She said so herself.
Ted : I mean...
Ted : Oh, my god, you went and saw her, too.
Lily : I swear to you, I did not.
Marshall : My wife's always getting on me about my dry elbows.
Marshall : So good to be in a relationship.
Marshall : Anyone special in your life?
Marshall : Or maybe just someone you're interested in?
Marshall : Interes-ted in?
Stella : You know, we should really get this mole checked out.
Stella : It's just a little irregular.
Marshall : Irregular? Oh, my god.
Marshall : This is it. It's all over.
Stella : One of my patients has this
Stella : Little butterfly tattoo at the bottom of his back.
Marshall : Can you stop talking about your other patients?!
Marshall : I'm dying here, woman!
Stella : There you go. Look, even if it is something,
Stella : It's easily treatable, so try to relax.
Stella : Okay.
Marshall : Hey, what was it you were saying before
Marshall : About the guy with the butterfly tattoo?
Stella : Oh, that... That's nothing.
Stella : It's just a little crush.
Stella : So I will be calling you with your results.
Marshall : Oh. Okay. Thank you.
Stella : Oh, sir, your book!
UNK: Ted from 2030 : No.
Ted : Yes.
Ted : She said "crush"?
Ted : And she was talking about me?
Narrator : That last session was the least painful of all.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : I savored every searing blast of that laser.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : The moment I'd waited ten weeks for had arrived.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Stella...
Ted : Now that I'm no longer your patient,
Ted : Would you like to have dinner with me?
Stella : Ted, you're a really nice guy...
Stella : Oh, no.
Stella : It has been so great getting to know you.
Ted : I am gonna kill marshall.
Stella : I've had so much fun these past ten weeks.
Ted : Oh, my god, this is worse than the laser.
Stella : I have a daughter.
UNK: Stella, to Woman 3 : What?
Stella : Her name's lucy. She's eight.
Stella : Work and being with her, that's pretty much my life.
Stella : My social calendar
Stella : Is movie night with the girls once a month
Stella : When I can get a sitter.
Stella : I mean, I've been to one party in the past year...
UNK: St. Patty's day... It was awful, I left early.
Stella : But, really, my only free time
Stella : Is the two minutes I get for lunch, so...
Stella : This is why I don't date.
Stella : Ted, I only have time
Stella : For one most important person in my life, and that's lucy.
Stella : Anyway, it's been fun.
Stella : Next time, think before you ink.
Stella : But if you ever do wake up with, like,
Stella : A dolphin tattoo on your ankle, just give me a call.
Ted : There it is...
Ted : She's a mom.
Ted : It's just not gonna happen.
Marshall : Sorry, dude.
Marshall : Have a shrimp.
Ted : I'm good.
Ted : I guess I got no one but myself to blame.
Ted : She told me right from the start