UNK: Bahrain?
Beckett : So, he's the one who talked to Fink an hour before he was murdered.
Beckett : Maybe he figured out Fink was selling fakes and decided to get even.
Esposito : Doesn't matter.
Esposito : - The guy has full diplomatic immunity. - Great.
Ryan : So, I checked all the photo IDs of all of Fink's clients and artists.
Ryan : Our friend J isn't one of them.
Esposito : Then what was he doing at the gallery?
Ryan : Holloway called from the hospital.
Ryan : Aside from a minor head bump, J's got a clean bill of health.
Ryan : Well, other than the memory loss.
Beckett : You know, why don't you guys grab J, take him down to the crime scene.
Beckett : See if that sparks his memory.
UNK: And get ahold of Fink's assistant Darius.
Beckett : Tell him to meet you down there, with every file he has on Bahir Harun.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : - And you're sure I was here? - Take your time. No pressure.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : Isn't this supposed to be where I get a headache
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : and flashes of memory start overwhelming me
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : until all the pieces come together?
UNK: Okay, you've seen too many movies.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : Yeah, that I can't remember.
Ryan : - Wow. That's very chicken-egg. - Welcome to my world.
UNK: Darius Langley : Weird, that someone can just lose his mind like that.
Esposito : Are you sure you don't recognize him?
UNK: Darius Langley : I don't think so.
UNK: Darius Langley : But I've only been here a few months.
UNK: Darius Langley : Anyway, here's everything I could find on Mr. Harun.
UNK: Darius Langley : All purchases going back three years.
UNK: Darius Langley : I still can't believe Fink was trafficking in forgeries.
Esposito : Harun's purchases from Fink.
Castle : That's dozens of paintings.
Esposito : Yeah. And according to Fink's old assistant, Rocco,
Esposito : any and all of these could have been forgeries.
Castle : This is a Jules Matterson. This is worth $ 100,000, easy.
Beckett : Yeah, but you only pay Rocco a grand to knock it off.
Esposito : Fink could've ripped Harun off for millions.
Castle : Who says crime doesn't pay?
Esposito : Someone took me for that much, I could see putting a bullet in his back.
Castle : Well, that explains why Harun went after Fink. But what about J?
Beckett : We need to talk to Harun.
Montgomery : Beckett, I hate diplomatic immunity as much as the next cop,
Montgomery : but as far as you're concerned, forget the guy.
Montgomery : I put in an interview request.
Montgomery : Now it's in the State Department's hands. Period.
UNK: Fine. But, sir, what about the other victim?
Montgomery : - Guy with amnesia. So? - He has nowhere to go tonight.
Montgomery : Well, turn him over to Social Services. State's problem, not ours.
Beckett : I know, sir, but he'll probably end up in a homeless shelter.
Beckett : He's a person of interest and a potential witness.
Beckett : I would hate to lose him to the system.
UNK: Okay. But my couch is off limits.
Beckett : Thank you, sir.
Ryan : It's not The Plaza,
Ryan : but I have snuck many a power nap on this couch over the years.
Ryan : You should sleep just fine.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : I'm grateful not to have to go anywhere with strangers.
Beckett : It's not a problem.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : You know, it's terrifying to think that someone actually tried to kill me,
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : and I don't know who it was, or why. And they're still out there.
Ryan : That's why we're gonna catch the bastard.
Beckett : But to do that, we need to find out who you are.
Beckett : So we're gonna release your photograph
Beckett : to the media, tomorrow morning.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : - What if nobody recognizes it? - I'm sure someone will.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : But what if no one does and I don't remember?
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : Then who am I?
Beckett : I promise you, we won't give up on you.
Alexis : My science teacher says that chocolate contains chemicals
Alexis : that are proven to relieve depression.
Martha : Well, it's good, but I prefer grape, aged, bottled and corked.
Castle : You're having an ice cream tasting and no one called, texted or tweeted?
Alexis : Gram broke it off with Chet, so I suggested sugar therapy.
Beckett : What happened to sunrise in Central Park?
Martha : Who am I kidding? It's a fairy tale.
Castle : And what woman doesn't want a fairy tale?
Martha : - He's not who I thought he was. - How so?
Martha : Million different little things. You know, doesn't drive, he's skinny.
Martha : And he has this laugh like...
Martha : I can't even do it. It's like a honking goose, kind of...
Castle : These are sitcom reasons for breaking up.
Castle : This morning you were in love. What possibly could have happened?
Alexis : Dad, back off. The spark died. She's obviously reconsidered.
Martha : That's right. And now we're going through the five flavors of grieving.
Castle : Is the first stage accepting the ice cream?
Ryan : - Exactly. - Then I'm in.