UNK: - Ms. Carnes, what are you doing here? - Getting Lucy's things.
UNK: Prescription. Guess I have custody now.
Beckett : I'm sorry to surprise you. We didn't know you'd be here.
Beckett : - Are you okay? - Yeah.
UNK: I guess I just thought for half a second
UNK: that this would be a bizarre second chance for Jer and me.
UNK: - Stupid, right? - No, it's not stupid.
UNK: Then to find out that he's a murderer...
UNK: Emma Carnes : When I saw him again, I...
UNK: Emma Carnes : All those years of petty arguments that tore us apart didn't seem to matter.
UNK: Emma Carnes : It was like we first met. You know, I felt that thing.
UNK: Emma Carnes : And then we came here, and I saw that he didn't sell it
UNK: Emma Carnes : and I thought maybe he still had feelings for me, too.
Beckett : Do you mean the painting that the two of you bought on your honeymoon?
UNK: Emma Carnes : We didn't buy it because we wanted to. We had to.
UNK: Emma Carnes : We were in the artist's studio in Siena and Jeremy picked it up off the easel.
UNK: Emma Carnes : He was always goofing around. The artist went crazy. It was still drying.
UNK: Emma Carnes : We laughed for a week about our little love smudge.
UNK: Emma Carnes : And then when I saw that he didn't sell it, I thought maybe...
UNK: Emma Carnes : - But I was kidding myself. - What do you mean?
UNK: Emma Carnes : No thumbprint. It should be right here. He sold ours. This one's just a copy.
Beckett : - Ms. Carnes, are you sure? - Of course I'm sure.
Castle : - It's a fake. - And we know who dealt in fakes.
Castle : That's got to be Jeremy's connection to Fink.
Castle : That's got to be why Jeremy was at the gallery.
Beckett : And if Jeremy and Fink were arguing like Harun said,
Beckett : maybe it was over the original.
Castle : And if that's a fake, then where is the original?
UNK: Absolutely, and... Careful with that one.
Beckett : - Leaving us so soon, Mr. Harun? - Oh, what now? I have a plane to catch.
Castle : Make any interesting art acquisitions on this trip?
UNK: Bahir Harun : - Actually, yes. - Mind if we take a look?
UNK: Bahir Harun : - I'm sorry, I just don't have the time. - Make time.
UNK: Bahir Harun : What part of diplomatic immunity are you not clear on?
Beckett : See, every time you say something like that,
Beckett : it makes me think that you have something to hide.
UNK: Bahir Harun : It's too bad that you will never find out.
Beckett : - License and registration, please. - What? Why?
Beckett : You are double-parked.
Driver : This is New York. Everyone double-parks.
Castle : - Is he resisting arrest? - I believe so. Step over here.
UNK: - I'm gonna have to search your car. - You have no right to do this.
Beckett : I don't see any diplomatic plates.
Beckett : And immunity doesn't extend to a car service.
Beckett : Mr. Harun, this can go one of two ways.
Beckett : You can either cooperate and tell me what I need to know,
Beckett : or I can call the State Department and inform them that you have
Beckett : a piece of artwork that's at the center of our murder investigation.
Castle : And the last I checked, the New York tabloids
Castle : could give a rat's ass about your diplomatic status.
Castle : They'll just print your photograph
Castle : with a headline that says, "Diplomatic Douchebag."
UNK: Bahir Harun : Fine. What would you like to know?
Beckett : There's a fake version of this painting
Beckett : found in one of our shooting victims' apartments.
Beckett : - Can you tell us how it got there? - How would I know this?
Castle : Because the fake painting is where the real painting used to be.
Castle : And now you have the real painting.
UNK: All I know is I that I asked Fink to acquire it for client of mine.
UNK: Bahir Harun : When he said he had it,
UNK: Bahir Harun : I assumed he tracked down the owner and made a deal.
UNK: Bahir Harun : But when I went to the gallery that evening, he sent me away.
UNK: Bahir Harun : - Just like I told you. - That's a great story, Mr. Harun.
Beckett : But if Fink sent you away empty-handed,
Beckett : why do you have the painting?
UNK: Bahir Harun : Because I got a call from a man this morning
UNK: Bahir Harun : that said he had it, for a price.
Beckett : - Who was it? - It was Fink's new assistant. Darius.
UNK: Darius Langley : This is crazy. I told you already, I was in class when Mr. Fink was killed.