UNK: Hmm.
Castle : A wallet. Well, I don't think you were mugged.
Beckett : Do you mind if I poke around, open some drawers?
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : Hey, look at that. Rocking the Spanish.
UNK: - Well, we did junior year in Madrid. - Sounds nice.
Castle : Here's the rest of your Russian literature collection.
Castle : You are a very ambitious reader, Mr. Preswick.
UNK: Emma Carnes : You always wanted more time to read.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : Guess I'm gonna have to start over now.
Castle : That's not such a bad thing.
Castle : for the first time.
Castle : Or any Stephen King. Ah. Silver lining.
Castle : You get to read all my books for the first time again.
UNK: Anything?
Beckett : It's pretty sparse.
Beckett : Like a guy who spent a lot of time alone.
UNK: Emma Carnes : Yeah, I thought you'd have more of a slick pad.
UNK: Emma Carnes : Done up with more stuff.
Castle : Hey. Taglia. This is a pretty pricey painting.
Beckett : Emma, do you know if Jeremy
Beckett : bought that painting at a gallery in the city?
UNK: Emma Carnes : No. We bought that together on our honeymoon in Siena.
UNK: Emma Carnes : - I can't believe you still have it. Why?
UNK: Emma Carnes : Well, part of the divorce settlement was to sell it and split the cash.
UNK: Emma Carnes : It appraised for over 200 grand. You sent me my half.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : That's funny.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : There's something about it that's so familiar. Or maybe I just like it.
UNK: Castle.
Beckett : It's a 9 millimeter.
Beckett : Five bullets missing.
Beckett : So, ballistics confirmed that the gun found in Jeremy's apartment
Beckett : was the same one that was used to kill Fink.
Beckett : And we just need to know
Beckett : if it's possible that Jeremy was the shooter.
Lanie : CSU did find gun residue on his coat.
Beckett : Well, that just means that he was shot at close range.
Castle : Like, if Jeremy were holding the gun, struggled with Fink,
Castle : Fink managed to turn the gun around and it went off.
Lanie : These abrasions on Fink's wrists are certainly consistent with that.
Beckett : Well, then why would he have left the gun in his apartment?
Castle : Doc Holloway said he was probably in a fugue state, like sleep-walking.
Castle : He could have dropped the gun off, and then went back out again.
Lanie : Okay, am I missing something?
Lanie : I thought you're supposed to be happy after you caught the killer.
UNK: Jerermy Preswick : Why'd I do it?
Beckett : We don't know why. You'll be appointed a lawyer.
Beckett : I know that Emma wants to help hire someone,
Beckett : and I don't think money will be an issue.
UNK: Jerermy Preswick : Well, thank you.
Beckett : I don't know why you're thanking me, Mr. Preswick.
Beckett : - We just arrested you for murder. - Yeah. Well, it's not your fault.
UNK: Jerermy Preswick : You guys have been nothing but incredibly nice
UNK: Jerermy Preswick : to a babbling idiot who thought he was a victim.
UNK: Jerermy Preswick : - It's like I tricked you. - Good luck, Jeremy.
UNK: Jerermy Preswick : Hey, if you figure it out, would you let me know?
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : - Of course. - I just think it'd be easier, knowing why.
Castle : The guy is guilty of a murder he can't remember.
Castle : That just sucks. I mean, if you're gonna kill someone,
Castle : get caught, spend the rest of your life in prison,
Castle : at least you have the satisfaction of knowing why you did it.
Castle : Hatred. Revenge.
Castle : Hell, maybe he even cut you off on the highway.
Castle : But Jeremy won't even have that, even if we do find motive,
Castle : because he won't remember why it meant anything to him.
Beckett : I'm with you, Castle. It sucks.
Castle : - So, what next? - We submit the paperwork to the DA.
Castle : - But the DA will need motive, right? - Nope. Evidence speaks.
Beckett : - Smoking gun. - Don't you want to know why he did it?
Beckett : Yeah, but the truth is, is that we don't need it.
Castle : The DA doesn't need it. But you and me?
Castle : I know I couldn't sleep last night, could you?
Castle : There's got to be an answer here.
Castle : Something in his life that makes it all make sense.
Beckett : Hands! Show...
UNK: Emma Carnes : Oh, that gets the heart rate going.