Beckett : His fingerprints aren't in the system,
Beckett : and we don't have any hits on Missing Persons.
Esposito : This is crazy. We actually find a witness to our murder,
Esposito : we don't know who he is and he doesn't remember what he saw.
Beckett : - Where are we on Rocco? - Fink's old assistant?
Esposito : Uniforms are bringing him in now.
Ryan : Ballistics confirms that the bullets came from the same gun as the others.
Ryan : Whatever happened in the gallery, he was there.
Beckett : Not only was he there, but someone tried to kill him, as well.
Beckett : Good thing he reads.
Ryan : Good thing he reads Russian literature.
Ryan : If the guy was a Nicholas Sparks fan, he'd be dead.
Beckett : Have CSU check the coat for gunpowder residue, blood, fibers.
Beckett : Maybe it can tell us what happened that night.
Beckett : And check photo IDs on Fink's artists and clients.
Ryan : - Think he might be one of them? - A girl can dream.
Castle : - I brought you coffee. - Thank you, Castle.
UNK: Dr. Holloway : We all have three different types of memory.
UNK: Dr. Holloway : General knowledge, like language and facts, is called semantic memory.
UNK: Dr. Holloway : Yours doesn't seem to be affected.
UNK: Dr. Holloway : Then there's procedural memory, also often called muscle memory.
UNK: Dr. Holloway : That includes any actions or skills that you've repeated over and over
UNK: Dr. Holloway : and formed neural pathways for, like riding a bike.
UNK: Dr. Holloway : Now, I know yours is intact because you've been walking around.
Castle : - So, what's the problem, Doc? - The problem is in episodic memory.
UNK: Dr. Holloway : That's any experience you've ever had, conversations, movies you've seen,
UNK: Dr. Holloway : the people in your life, even your own name.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : So, like, if I were a betting man, which I have no idea if I am,
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : would I put my money on my memory coming back, or not?
UNK: Dr. Holloway : There's no way to tell.
UNK: Dr. Holloway : You might eventually get it all back, or none of it. Or anything in between.
Beckett : Do we know why this would have happened?
UNK: Dr. Holloway : He's got a bump on the back of his head.
UNK: Dr. Holloway : It's usually a blow to the head coupled with psychological trauma,
UNK: Dr. Holloway : - which leads to amnesia. - Trauma?
Castle : You did get shot. Could that be it?
UNK: Dr. Holloway : If he believed he was going to die, then sure.
Castle : If we took him back to the scene of the crime,
Castle : could that jog his memory?
UNK: Possibly. But amnesia's a tricky condition.
UNK: Dr. Holloway : I'd like to take him back to Saint Vincent's,
UNK: Dr. Holloway : run some tests and scans, just to be safe.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : Of course. I'll need to ask a few questions first.
Beckett : Mr... I'm sorry, I don't even know what to call you.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : I don't know what to call me, either.
Castle : You said his procedural memory is intact?
Beckett : - Yes. - May I?
UNK: Sure.
UNK: Just sign at the bottom.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : Well, that's freaky. How the hell did I do that?
Beckett : - That looks like a real signature. - Well, it probably is.
UNK: Dr. Holloway : You sign your name so many times...
Castle : You form neural pathways. Procedural memory.
Beckett : So, he can't remember his name, but he can sign it?
UNK: Dr. Holloway : Mysteries of the brain.
Castle : It's illegible. Maybe you're a doctor.
Beckett : His first initial looks like a "J." Does that ring a bell?
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : - Nope. - Maybe we should just call you J.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : J. It's as good as anything, I guess.
Beckett : Do you recognize this man?
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : - No. Should I? - His name is Victor Fink.
Beckett : He owned the art gallery where you were shot.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : - He was there with me? - He was shot and killed.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : Oh, God.
Beckett : What about this man? Rocco Jones. He used to work at the gallery.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : Guys, I feel so useless. Look, I'm really...
UNK: I'm really sorry. I just don't know him.