Beckett : - What's gone? - The dog.
Castle : That's why he had the bag. To clean up after his dog.
Beckett : - How do you know it was his dog? - Well, why else would he have a bag?
Castle : Why else would there be a dog
Castle : tied up outside a commercial building after midnight?
Castle : Maybe someone stole it.
UNK: Get me Animal Control.
UNK: G. Kilmer : All the canines with ID tags we picked up in the last 24.
UNK: G. Kilmer : Mostly, their owners lost them accidentally
UNK: G. Kilmer : and are relieved when we call.
UNK: Castle.
UNK: Oh.
Castle : Who's a good girl?
UNK: G. Kilmer : That one's from 148 West 26th.
Beckett : - That's Fink's gallery. - Good girl. Lucy.
Beckett : Your name is Jeremy Preswick.
Beckett : We checked it against your DMV photo and it's a positive ID.
UNK: -- [08 : - Jeremy Preswick. - You are 34 years old,
Beckett : and you live at 82 Warren Street in Tribeca.
Beckett : You don't really have any family.
Beckett : Your parents passed away a few years ago,
Beckett : and you don't have any siblings.
Beckett : But we did manage to get ahold of your ex-wife, Emma Carnes.
Beckett : - Ex-wife? - Uh-huh.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : - I'm divorced? - Yeah. Sorry.
Beckett : Your ex sounded pretty concerned,
Beckett : and we figured that would be the fastest way
Beckett : of putting together the details, which would be great for you
Beckett : and for our investigation.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : If you think it'll help.
UNK: An ex-wife that I can't remember.
Castle : Hey, some men would consider you lucky.
Ryan : - Here you go. - Thanks.
UNK: Emma Carnes : Hello, Jeremy.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : Hey. Thank you for coming. I appreciate it.
UNK: Sure.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : So, we're divorced.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : Must be weird coming here to try to help me out, huh?
Castle : - A little. Please take a seat.
UNK: Emma Carnes : So what happened to him?
Castle : That's what we are trying to figure out.
Beckett : Is there anything you can tell us about Jeremy?
UNK: Emma Carnes : - Well, like what? - Like where he works.
UNK: Emma Carnes : Well, as far as I know, he doesn't anymore.
UNK: Emma Carnes : Okay, this is weird with you sitting right there.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : Tell me about it.
UNK: Emma Carnes : You have a PhD in economics from Wharton.
UNK: Emma Carnes : You had a consulting business in channel economics and strategy.
UNK: Emma Carnes : You're smart. Like, crazy smart.
Castle : - Had a business? - Yeah, yeah, he sold it last year.
Castle : Do you know why?
UNK: Emma Carnes : No. I thought it was weird. He loved the business.
UNK: Why'd we split up?
UNK: Emma Carnes : Wow. I've ranted for hours to girlfriends about that.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : I'm guessing I don't come off so well in that rant.
UNK: Emma Carnes : You were a jerk.
UNK: Ah.
UNK: Emma Carnes : But so was I.
UNK: Emma Carnes : I mean, the truth is we probably got married too young.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : Look, I'm sorry that I don't recognize you,
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : but you seem incredibly nice and you're gorgeous,
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : and I'm certain that it was entirely my fault
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : that our marriage fell apart.
UNK: Emma Carnes : See that. That's the guy I fell in love with.
UNK: Emma Carnes : - Funny. Sweet. Self-deprecating. - Hey.
Beckett : Do you know what Jeremy had been doing with himself recently?
UNK: Emma Carnes : As far as I know,
UNK: Emma Carnes : he was dating the youngest, hottest women he could find,
UNK: Emma Carnes : and not bothering to put the toilet seat down.
Beckett : And do you have any idea what he might have been doing
Beckett : at the Victor Fink Gallery in Chelsea?
UNK: Emma Carnes : No. I'm sorry, but we haven't even spoken in almost a year.
Beckett : Well, we're on our way to Jeremy's apartment
Beckett : to see if it sparks anything. Would you mind coming along?
Beckett : You might be able to put things in some context.
Ryan : Look familiar?
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : Nope. You can say it. I'm the worst witness ever.
Beckett : You're doing fine.