Beckett : - Nobody remembers seeing you there. - I sat in the back.
Castle : - The naughty kids always do. - You were at the gallery
Beckett : the night that Jeremy confronted Fink about the painting.
UNK: Darius Langley : Listen, there's obviously been some kind of misunderstanding.
Beckett : Was this a misunderstanding, as well?
Beckett : It's a signed statement from the super at Preswick's building,
Beckett : admitting that he took a $ 1,000 bribe from you
Beckett : to allow you into Jeremy's apartment so that you could switch out the paintings.
Martha : I'm sorry. Should've come clean from the start.
UNK: Darius Langley : Fink wanted the painting.
UNK: Darius Langley : He told me to buy it from Preswick, but the guy wouldn't sell.
UNK: Darius Langley : So Fink had me paint a fake
UNK: and, yeah, I bribed the super to switch it with the real thing.
UNK: Darius Langley : It was stupid, but Fink threatened to fire me if I didn't.
Beckett : It was all you, Darius. You switched out the paintings,
Beckett : you pocketed the money that Fink gave you to buy it.
UNK: Darius Langley : It was Fink. He manipulated me.
Beckett : No. That is just a lie. And you know what else is a lie?
UNK: Dr. Holloway : Your name. Darius Langley is your roommate.
Castle : Pretty smart using his identity to land a job at the gallery.
Castle : Well, I guess it'd be pretty tough to get hired
Castle : with two felony counts of counterfeiting now, isn't it, George?
Beckett : You got quite a rap sheet, Mr. Heller.
Castle : Hmm. One more strike, you go away for a long time.
Beckett : Which is why you couldn't afford Preswick calling the cops
Beckett : when he found out the truth. So you shot him.
Beckett : And then when he went down, you shot Fink, as well.
UNK: George Heller darius Langley : Think you're gonna pin this murder on me?
UNK: Dr. Holloway : No way. You don't got jack.
Beckett : Read carefully. You bribed the super twice.
Beckett : And the second time was four hours after Detectives Ryan and Esposito
Beckett : brought Preswick to the gallery and you realized that he had lost his memory.
Beckett : You planted the gun.
Castle : Swing and a miss. Strike three. You're out.
Ryan : Ah. It's a beaut. - Isn't it?
Beckett : - I especially love the fingerprint. Me, too.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : Even if I can't remember, it still somehow feels a part of me.
UNK: Emma Carnes : Hey, Jer. Ready to rock?
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : - Thanks for coming. - You remember Lucy?
Castle : - No. - She certainly remembers you.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : Well, hey, thanks, guys.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : You made getting arrested for murder really not so bad.
Beckett : - Thank you. - Mmm-hmm.
Castle : - So are you two gonna... Castle.
UNK: Emma Carnes : It's okay. The answer is, who knows? I like him and he likes me.
UNK: Emma Carnes : - And right now, that's enough. Well, see you.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : I guess if I ever lose my memory again, I'll know where to come.
UNK: Act One [00 : - I... - Thanks. Later.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : Thanks again for coming. Of course.
UNK: Hey.
Ryan : One of them has 15 years of baggage. Marriage. Divorce.
Ryan : The other's on a first date.
Ryan : - How long you think that'll last? - Hopefully for a long time.
Castle : Why, Detective Beckett, I had no idea you were a romantic.
Beckett : I also sleep with a gun. Bet you didn't know that either.
Ryan : How about you, Castle? How long you think it'll last?
Castle : Well, I guess it's just the writer in me, but I'm hoping for a happy ending.
Martha : Ooh! Well, well, well. Look who's doing the walk of shame now.
Castle : - I was with Beckett. - Really?
Castle : - Uh, wrapping up a case. - Ah.
Martha : Well, you should kiss that girl while you're both young.
Castle : What's going on with you? What do you got there?
Martha : - Oh. It's from Chet. Isn't it romantic? - Chet sent you a dead flower?
Martha : It is the most romantic thing that anyone has ever done for me.
Castle : I've been up all night, so I might be a little slow.
UNK: Well, it's from the boutonniere I gave him, prom night.
Martha : He saved it, tucked it into a yearbook,
Martha : and he sent it over last night with a note saying,
UNK: would I give him a second chance?
Castle : Well, there's a lot of that going around these days.
UNK: And I'm scared. I mean, what if it doesn't work out?
UNK: - What if it does? - That's the cost of living.
Martha : I just don't want to ruin this.
Castle : This is dead. You are not.
Castle : Time to start making some new memories.
Martha : - Boy, how did you get so smart? - It must be my dad.
UNK: Look at you... Dad.