Montgomery : He's on his way down. He agreed to talk.
Ryan : He just showed up voluntarily?
Castle : He wants to stay in control. - This could be our only shot.
Beckett : Let's make sure that Harun gets a good look at our friend J.
Esposito : Inadvertent, of course.
Beckett : If Harun thinks that he killed J,
Beckett : then his reaction could tell us everything we need to know. Let's go.
UNK: Darius Langley : Mr. Harun, you were a client of Mr. Fink's?
UNK: Bahir Harun : That's correct.
Beckett : You bought a significant number of works from him.
UNK: Yes.
Beckett : Well, we believe that many of those works were forgeries.
UNK: Bahir Harun : That's correct.
Beckett : So, you're saying that you knew they were fakes?
UNK: Bahir Harun : - Of course I knew. - And you bought them anyway?
UNK: Bahir Harun : I have many friends back home whose wives are, how shall we say, um,
UNK: demanding.
Beckett : And what do demanding wives have to do with any of this?
UNK: Bahir Harun : Well, we all know that the fairer sex can be shallow.
UNK: Bahir Harun : Not you, of course, Detective. A smart, liberated, American woman.
UNK: Bahir Harun : But my friends' wives, they want a bag that says "Gucci."
UNK: Bahir Harun : They don't care who made the bag, as long it has that signature.
UNK: Bahir Harun : And it's the same with paintings.
UNK: Bahir Harun : They are more appreciative of the signature than of the work itself.
UNK: Bahir Harun : And my friends don't always want to spend top dollar on authentic pieces.
UNK: Bahir Harun : So Victor would commission a copy, my friends save money, I get rich,
UNK: Bahir Harun : - and the wives get to think they have... - Hey, move to your left just a drop.
UNK: Bahir Harun : ...extravagant artwork on their walls.
UNK: Bahir Harun : Everyone's happy. - Yeah.
Castle : - Yeah. And no one's broken the law.
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : So, you only bought fakes from Fink?
UNK: Bahir Harun : No. He would also source originals for those husbands with taste.
UNK: Bahir Harun : I was happy to provide... - He look familiar?
UNK: Bahir Harun : ...even though originals pay less.
UNK: Bahir Harun : What with everyone wanting fair market value and all.
UNK: Jeremy Preswick : No. Sorry.
Beckett : The night that Mr. Fink was murdered,
Beckett : you called him not long before he was killed.
UNK: That's correct, Detective.
UNK: He told me to come by, that he had a painting for me.
UNK: I showed up around 9 : 45, but he sent me away.
Beckett : - Sent you away? - Yes. He was arguing with a man.
Beckett : - About what? - I have no idea.
UNK: Bahir Harun : I respected his wishes and went for dinner at Nobu.
UNK: Do you think you could describe this man?
UNK: Bahir Harun : Please. Must we continue with this ridiculous charade
UNK: Bahir Harun : when we both know he is standing right there.
UNK: Bahir Harun : - Now, if that is all... - Mr. Harun, I'm not quite done yet.
UNK: Ah.
UNK: Bahir Harun : But I am. Have a nice day.
UNK: Thanks.
Castle : For a guy with diplomatic immunity, he wasn't very diplomatic.
Beckett : Harun's hiding behind his immunity. He knows more than he's saying.
UNK: Maybe, but his alibi is good.
UNK: Nobu has him on security video entering at 9 : 55 p.m.,
UNK: 19 minutes before the 911 call about shots fired. He's not our guy.
Beckett : Well, just because he didn't pull the trigger,
Beckett : doesn't mean he wasn't involved.
Castle : And just because J was shot doesn't mean he wasn't into something shady.
Castle : Could be the reason he was shot.
Beckett : Harun said he saw J arguing with Fink.
Esposito : We need to figure out why J was at the gallery.
Beckett : And we can't do that if we don't know who the hell he is.
Ryan : We've been through this, it's just a bunch of junk.
UNK: But if we take look at everything we know about him collectively,
Beckett : maybe a picture will emerge.
Ryan : Nothing distinctive about these keys.
Castle : Yeah, and that plastic bag really narrows it down.
Beckett : Okay, he's got asthma, he's allergic to cats, he reads.
Ryan : And he's good at math and he can't draw.
Ryan : Put it together, he's your average asthmatic mathlete
Ryan : with a lot of crap in his pockets.
UNK: Detective. - Thank you.
Beckett : It's from Lanie. It's the forensics report on his coat.
Castle : Maybe his driver's license was sewn into the lining.
Beckett : - Gun powder residue. - So, he was shot at close range.
UNK: Mmm-hmm. Coffee stain, sugar granules, traces of milk.
Castle : We know how he takes his coffee.
Beckett : - Animal hairs. - Not cat hairs.
Castle : - How could I have missed this? - Missed what?
UNK: - Do you know what this is? - Yeah, it's a grocery bag.
Castle : No, it's not just a grocery bag,
Castle : it's the bag that's gonna tell us exactly who J is.
Beckett : Why are you dragging me back to the art gallery?
Castle : Not to the art gallery, to the street.
Castle : Ah! It's gone.