Chase : Surgeon repaired the CSF leak.
Cameron : - You are lucky he didn't die. - I'm lucky?
UNK: - He is the one who didn't die. - We told you he had haemorrhage
UNK: You told me he bleed into his brain not out of his ear.
UNK: - You gotta drop this. - I'm missing something.
Foreman : We did a dangerous test and something bad happened. That's all this is.
House : Give me a tour of the brain Foreman.
House : Walk me through the scans.
House : 1998, what happened?
UNK: 5 cm, grade four astrocytoma between the parietal--
House : Nothing, next.
UNK: Spec on the superior temporal region.
UNK: It's regrowth, it's benign.
UNK: The star thingy next to the rathke cleft?
UNK: Scar tissue from bioposy.
UNK: House, every spec is not suspect It's use of surgeon digging around his head.
Cameron : Let him go.
UNK: We do every blood test he's ever had.
House : Re-scan his head.
UNK: No.
UNK: He's in sick in suffering for 8 years and I'm not gonna helping make it worse.
UNK: I'm not gonna help you make interesting.
UNK: That's okay. Foreman's better at that stuff than you are.
UNK: We need 5-millimeter cuts through the occipital and hypothalamic regions.
UNK: No.
Chase : How many millimeters?
House : I can help him.
UNK: This is it?
Cuddy : That's your argument?
House : Seems like a good one.
Cuddy : If I thought for a second you wanted to help him, you'd have carte blanche.
Cuddy : You're doing this because it's fun.
House : Does nobody in this hospital
House : have anything better to talk about than my motives?
House : My motives have nothing to do with the case.
Cuddy : Your motives have everything to do with your judgment.
House : For the first time in years, I've got no opiates in my body.
House : - Now you question my judgment. - 24 times a year
Cuddy : you come storming into my office, spouting that you can help someone.
Cuddy : Only you never say those words.
UNK: You'd say something like,
UNK: "His pancreas is gonna explode because his brain is on fire."
Cuddy : You come here with medicine, not with platitudes.
House : I didn't want to bore you with the details.
UNK: There are no details. You have a hunch.
Cuddy : House, you don't use hunches.
Cuddy : You always have reasons.
Cuddy : This hospital doesn't exist for your whims. I'm sorry.
UNK: As of 7 : 00 A. M. tomorrow morning, I'm sending your patient home.
UNK: The answer is no.
Wilson : Cuddy called 30 seconds after you left and said you'd try an end around.
House : My leg hurt.
Wilson : How bad?
House : Enough that I'm telling you.
Wilson : Did it go away?
House : Ached for a while.
UNK: First time I've felt anything there since the surgery.
Wilson : But it went away.
House : It was muscular. There was some cramping.
House : What are you smiling about?
UNK: You're 40-something years old.
Wilson : You've been running god knows how many miles a day. Fallen 100 times off
Wilson : that skateboard, and you're shocked to have some soreness?
House : - Just give me a prescription. - For vicodin?
Wilson : House, people get aching joints, cramps, they put on an ice pack.
Wilson : They take some ibuprofen.
House : I know what the pangs of middle age feel like.
Wilson : No, you don't.
Wilson : Because you've been stuffing vicodin every five minutes
UNK: - since you turned middle-age. - The surgery didn't work.
Wilson : Don't play me.
UNK: Oh, you think this is a scam?
Wilson : I think you want me to feel sorry for you and either do the end around on
Wilson : Cuddy or give you the drugs.
Wilson : Either way, you get the high you think you need.
Wilson : House, your surgery worked. You're fine.
UNK: It's just gonna take time for it to feel good.