UNK: Did you get a look at the pancreas before the world ended?
Foreman : It was clean.
Cameron : Which means, barring anything else, meaning you, he can go home tomorrow.
House : This man nearly died. How can you discharge him?
Cameron : His throat collapsed because of what we predicted.
Foreman : You stick something down someone's throat, they gag. Spasm. Which he did.
Foreman : It took us a half an hour to get that thing out.
UNK: Except our patient's throat was sedated.
House : Which means the brain should have sent a signal in not to do anything.
House : This could be cancer.
House : Or some bizarre neurodegeneration. Even a new type of vascular--
Cameron : Stop it.
Cameron : You're enjoying this.
House : I find it interesting.
Cameron : It's interesting only if you're right.
Cameron : If you're wrong, we're torturing this guy to amuse you.
House : Half hour to remove the probe?
UNK: House.
House : It's not a spasm.
House : His throat didn't collapse. It locked down. Brain is supposed to tell every
House : muscle in the body to relax and contract at the same time. This muscle was
House : only contracting, which means a signal from the brain was not getting through.
UNK: There are no lesions his brain. Nothing to interrupt any orders.
House : All it takes is one wire down.
Foreman : You have no evidence of any wires down.
UNK: A few micro tumors on the meninges, suddenly you're choking to death.
UNK: You wanna look at the lining of his brain?
UNK: The amount of contrast material you'd need to pump up there just to see--
Foreman : - He'll bleed into his brain. - No, he won't.
Cameron : Because that wouldn't be interesting.
Cameron : You can get permission this time.
House : The brain is enclosed in a sack called the meninges.
UNK: Does this mean the cancer's back?
House : - No, no, no, no. - House.
House : If we found cancer,
House : it wouldn't be the original cancer.
UNK: It will be new.
Arlene : So what? More surgery? More radiation?
House : Might not be the worst thing.
House : If this isn't just ancient history, maybe it's something we can correct.
House : Might even get some brain function back.
Arlene : - He could get better? - No.
House : But understanding what you're saying would be nice.
House : Maybe you can figure out ways to communicate.
Arlene : - Thank god he spoke to you. - Mrs. Mcneil.
Cameron : The test to do this is very risky.
Cameron : He could die.
Arlene : He's already dead.
UNK: Chase,
Foreman : go slow.
UNK: Already injected into spinal canal.
UNK: Next stop is brain.