UNK: I can't let her down like that.
House : Pumped her up with too much false hope.
House : Oh, I stuck that primo!
House : How rad am I?
Foreman : - 2002, patient had dry eyes. - Dry eyes plus a grunt.
Chase : - It all makes sense. - Could be a neurological issue.
Cameron : I get hay fever, I put drops in my eyes. I don't go to a neurologist.
Foreman : Dry eyes could indicate an autonomic dysfunction. Goes on the board.
Chase : What about coughing? Or boogers? Should we include boogers?
Foreman : I'm happy we're doing this.
Foreman : I'd much rather do this than lengthen some guy's tendon.
Foreman : Patient's headaches increased. Doc scanned his head, found a tumor.
Cameron : You like wasting your time?
Foreman : - I'm learning. - To do what?
Cameron : Reconsider solved cases because you don't want to deal with the real world?
UNK: He's pushing where there's nothing.
Foreman : Cameron, you are an excellent doctor.
Foreman : You'll get lots of tearful thank-yous from grateful patients.
Cameron : Yeah, am I such a bitch for wanting that?
UNK: Well, it's not a bad thing. But it's not why I'm here.
Foreman : I took this fellowship to learn from House.
Cameron : He's teaching you to be a masochist.
Chase : Dry eyes goes on the board.
UNK: In eight years, the patient experienced 214 symptoms, many of them repeating.
House : Any patterns?
Chase : Fever plus frequent urination could mean prostatitis.
Foreman : Or a urinary tract infection.
Chase : White count was normal. No infection.
Foreman : If you add pain into the mix, fever,
Chase : frequent urination could indicate a kidney problem.
House : I like it.
Chase : No. Creatinine and BUN were both normal.
House : Not the kidney part. The pain part.
House : Abdominal pain plus all that stuff could equal pancreatic cysts.
UNK: Perfect. You've managed to pick the one symptom he never had.
House : Abdominal pain.
House : It's the first symptom on the board. Grunt.
Cameron : Grunting isn't pathognomonic for abdominal pain.
UNK: No. The traditional diagnostic marker is compression of the diaphragm
UNK: and vibration of the larynx, leading to the audible sound.
UNK: "I have a pain in my abdomen."
Cameron : Richard's symptoms are culled from eight years of medical history.
Cameron : They're not patterned. These are random, individual events over time.
House : Illnesses have incubation periods. Do an upper endoscopic ultrasound.
Foreman : His throat will collapse. Muscle degeneration
Foreman : in his neck won't tolerate the scope. It's an automatic trach.
House : You're talking about him like he's an invalid.
Chase : - We're insensitive. - Does he drool?
House : Can he hold his neck straight? Does he choke on his food?
House : His neck's fine. His throat's not gonna collapse.
House : Cameron, get consent from the wife.
UNK: Open.
Chase : I need you to swallow.
Chase : Sorry about that.
Arlene : Here we go.
Chase : Passing through the lower esophageal sphincter,
UNK: into the antrum of the stomach.
Chase : There's the tail of the pancreas.
Foreman : Looks clean.
Chase : Moving medially, the body and the head of the pancreas look clean--
Foreman : Get it out. Get it out.
Chase : It's stuck. I can't move it.
Chase : His throat's collapsed.
UNK: Vitals are all over the place. We're losing him.
UNK: I'm cutting.
Chase : We trached him, endoscopically removed the probe, and he's breathing again.
Chase : So, all in all, great idea.