Cuddy : - House! - Oh, my god!
House : - The case was looking so promising. - Hey, I'm not faking.
House : You moved. Therefore, you can move.
House : Get this lunatic out of here before she bores again.
Caren : I'm not faking!
Wilson : I heard you were watching surgery with a patient's family.
Wilson : Talking to a patient's family.
Wilson : It's because of your hallucination, isn't it?
Wilson : After you were shot.
Wilson : You chose life. You decided you wanted meaning.
Wilson : So you took a case with no mystery.
Wilson : Something any doctor could do.
Wilson : A case with no upside
Wilson : except the satisfaction of helping another human being.
House : - She thanked me. - And...
Wilson : you felt nothing.
UNK: I wasn't even sure what I was supposed to feel.
Wilson : It's like your leg. It's atrophied.
Wilson : Keep working it. The feeling will come.
UNK: Sorry.
Cameron : Need you. Again.
UNK: - I told you to get rid of her. - It's a good thing we didn't.
Cameron : Tightness in her chest. She can't breathe. It could be a pleural effusion.
House : Right. Either that or she's holding her breath like a four-year-old.
UNK: Relax.
UNK: I'm not gonna burn you again.
House : I'm going to stab you!
House : Look, either you're faking or you've got a pleural effusion. That's a buildup
House : of fluid around the lungs, which is very serious, and I'd have no choice but
House : to stab you in the back with this needle and suck all the fluid out of you.
Mark : - So. - We should give her a local.
House : That would defeat the point of me being nasty.
UNK: Ready?
Cuddy : - Down. - She can't breathe if she's down.
House : Down, down, down! Come on!
Foreman : - That's not a pleural effusion. - The problem's in her heart.
House : Can't fake that.
UNK: I've had to relieve the pressure three times in the last two hours.
Chase : So either we figure out what's causing blood to build up around her heart,
Chase : or I follow her around with a needle for the rest of her life.
Cameron : Echo was clean. No structural abnormalities.
Foreman : Could be an infectious process, TB.
Cameron : Or vasculitis would also explain the effusion.
House : But not the paralysis.
House : Let's assume that she wasn't faking it.
Cameron : She moved. Therefore, she could move. She wasn't paralyzed.
House : Doesn't mean she was faking. Could have been a delusion.
House : Either she was faking
House : and coincidentally got a real cardiac problem at the exact same time,
House : or it's a delusion.
House : And the fake paralysis is a real neurological symptom.
UNK: You thinking vascular tumor in her spine?