Castle : Our supposed killer, Ben Conrad, shot himself with his right hand,
Castle : yet the man that Detective Beckett and I saw in the window
Castle : was holding the gun in his left hand.
Castle : The shot went off just as soon as he stepped out of view.
UNK: He wouldn't have... Couldn't have had time to switch hands that fast.
Castle : Our real killer shot Ben Conrad, placed the gun in his hand,
Castle : making it look like a suicide.
Shaw : We were outside the door.
Shaw : We heard the shot.
Shaw : - Go! FBI!
UNK: There is no way else out of the apartment.
Shaw : So if Ben Conrad didn't kill himself...
Beckett : Then our killer was in the apartment the whole time.
Shaw : - How the hell did we miss him? Let's go find out.
UNK: Hey, guys, take a look in here.
Beckett : - I think I found something. What've you got?
Beckett : Maybe his hiding place.
UNK: Whoa.
Beckett : Discarded clothing.
Shaw : The exact same outfit Conrad was wearing when we found him.
Beckett : Right down to a fake beard to match Conrad's.
Beckett : The killer wanted us to think he was Conrad.
Beckett : That's why the man that I saw in the window,
Beckett : the one from our eyewitness accounts, led us straight to Ben.
Shaw : Which means the real Ben Conrad was being held hostage
Shaw : in his own apartment the entire case.
Beckett : He must have been bound and duct taped,
Beckett : with no idea that he was being blamed for three murders.
Castle : Each of our victims was carefully selected
Castle : for their connection to Ben Conrad, making him the perfect patsy.
Shaw : The killer's a chameleon, changing his identity
Shaw : to get close to the victims.
Shaw : He becomes Ben Conrad, becomes invisible.
Shaw : Nobody's looking for him.
Castle : And then we come here, and we find exactly what we expect to find.
Castle : Our suspect dead on the ground. Case closed.
Beckett : Meanwhile, our killer was right here, hidden in this secret room.
Beckett : He was here the whole time and we missed him.
Shaw : I'll get the evidence team down here. See what they can find.
Beckett : He used her cell phone and then he left it on so we could trace it.
UNK: Gloria Rodriguez. It's her ID badge from a hotel in Midtown.
Castle : Probably on her way home from work.
Shaw : Huh... Found a slug.
Castle : Letter etching?
Shaw : No, it looks clean. The other murders were planned.
Shaw : This one was done out of anger. Wanting to be in control.
Beckett : All because I lived.
Shaw : You can't blame yourself for that.
Shaw : How did he know you lived?
UNK: He was watching. At the aftermath.
Shaw : Everything about this guy's profile tells me
Beckett : he was watching at the other crime scenes.
Beckett : Yeah, but the first thing we did was compare crime scene photos.
Shaw : Yeah, I know, we ran them through facial recognition.
Shaw : But he was there. I know he was there.
Castle : He wouldn't be in the crowd, he'd know that's where we'd look.
Shaw : No. He hides in plain sight. He's a chameleon.
Shaw : We didn't see him in the crowd because he was dressed as one of us.
Shaw : Same cop, 30 photos, not one of them has a clear shot of his face.
Shaw : That is not a coincidence.
Castle : - He knew where the camera was. He knows our playbook.
Beckett : I'm gonna get Ryan and Esposito to canvass the other uniforms,
Beckett : - maybe they can get a description. - Not that it'll do any good.
Castle : The last sketch we got of this guy, he looked like Ben Conrad.
Beckett : Okay, do you have a better idea? 'Cause I'm all out,
Beckett : and if we don't catch him soon, he's gonna kill again.
Shaw : - You can't take this personally. - The hell I can't.
Beckett : He just blew up my apartment. I think that's pretty damn personal.
Shaw : Do you know how they caught Son of Sam?
UNK: A parking ticket. Berkowitz parked too close to a fire hydrant.
Shaw : All we need to find is our parking ticket and we catch this son of a bitch.
Shaw : As smart as he is, he's got a fatal flaw. Hubris.
Shaw : It's not enough for him to be smart. He wants us to know it.
Shaw : He wants us to know he fooled us.
Shaw : All of his first victims, the personal injury lawyer,
Shaw : the dog walker, the taxidermist,
Shaw : they all link back to the death of Ben Conrad's dog.
UNK: How could our killer have known all the players in someone else's life?
UNK: - He must've known Ben Conrad. - So that's where we start.
Shaw : We treat Ben Conrad as the first victim in this case.
Beckett : And then we find out where he intersected with our killer.
Alexis : - Dad! - Hey. Hey, hey. I'm all right.
Castle : - I'm all right. - Where's Detective Beckett?
Castle : At the precinct.
Martha : I can't imagine how she survived that explosion.
Martha : - Where was she when it went off? - She was there.
UNK: She jumped into the bathtub.
Castle : The bathroom door and the cast-iron tub protected her from the blast.
UNK: Oh!
Alexis : Dad, why is that person going after Detective Beckett?
Castle : At the moment, all we have is a theory, but...
Castle : But we know more now, and we have a strategy.
Alexis : - Do you think he'll come after you? - No, sweetheart, I'm going to be fine.
Castle : You are stuck with me for a long, long time.
Martha : I'm supposed to move out today. I think I should stay here with Alexis.