Castle : I was aiming for his head.
UNK: Hey, we're thinking maybe you could talk to Montgomery about
UNK: finding some room in the budget for those smart boards.
Beckett : Sure. While they're at it, maybe they can buy us Batmobiles.
Esposito : - That'd be cool. Yeah.
Beckett : - Our murder boards are just fine. - For a caveman.
Beckett : - Agent Shaw. - I was just writing you a note.
Shaw : Dunn is being transported to The Tombs,
Shaw : where he'll enjoy his stay in the Intensive Management Unit
Shaw : with the state's most dangerous criminals.
Beckett : Well, he's getting his 15 minutes. It's what he wanted this whole time.
Shaw : Yeah, but it'll be on our terms.
Beckett : I want you to know that I learned a lot from you on this one.
Shaw : You did most of the heavy lifting.
Shaw : Honestly, the thing that impressed me most
Shaw : is that you came in with Castle.
Castle : You know, some people would call that foolish.
Shaw : You made a tough decision on your feet,
Shaw : used the resources at hand. I'd say that's heroic
Shaw : and somewhat poetic.
Shaw : In the end, Dunn did actually face Nikki Heat.
Shaw : She is, after all, part you, part Castle.
Shaw : He cares about you, Kate.
Shaw : You may not see it, you may not be ready to, but he does.
Beckett : Yeah, well, the situation with Castle is complicated.
UNK: Ah.
UNK: Ladies.
Shaw : Detective Beckett, it's been a pleasure.
Beckett : We'll see you around.
Shaw : Castle, thank you for your help.
Shaw : You are a valuable asset to Detective Beckett's team.
Castle : It would be great if you would call her
Castle : and remind her of that from time to time.
Beckett : Wow. What's this?
Castle : Open it.
Beckett : My father's watch. Thank you.
Castle : You're welcome.
Castle : I found it in the wreckage, had it fixed.
Castle : - I've got good news. - Yeah?
Castle : I talked to Avery about buying one of those incredible Fed-mobiles.
Castle : Without the weapons, of course, but I could stock it with my own gadgets.
Castle : I could get "Writer" airbrushed across the back window.
Beckett : Ryan and Esposito have a better car than you do.
UNK: I'm just... I'm embarrassed to have criminals in the back of that thing.
Castle : I don't know about your seat,
Castle : but mine's got a spring that hits me in the...
Martha : Richard, darling, you're just in time. I made dinner.
Castle : Mother, what are you doing here?
Martha : We're eating. You know, something families do, couple of times a day.
Alexis : - Hi, Dad. - Hi.
Castle : So, what about Chet?
UNK: Darling, I never said I was going to be chained to the man's side.
UNK: Besides, Martha Rodgers is a woman of mystery.
UNK: And in order to maintain that, I'm going to have to divide my time accordingly.
Alexis : - Like having dual citizenship. - Exactly.
UNK: Besides, it's better for my relationship with Chet.
UNK: So, if I have to eat a few meals a week and do all of my laundry here,
UNK: I'll just have to make that work.
Alexis : - I think that sounds like a fine plan. - Yes!
Castle : Well, I hope you'll be comfortable sleeping in the home theater chairs
Castle : I'm having delivered to your room. They do recline.
UNK: Ah...