Beckett : He's done this before.
Castle : Hey, I signed this. "To Scott. Write what you know."
Shaw : Scott. Do you remember him?
Castle : No. But I sign hundreds of books.
Shaw : His manifesto?
Castle : "Heat examined the bullets,
UNK: "each of them perfectly engraved with a letter.
Beckett : A book. All of this over a damn book.
Shaw : He was writing about his murders long before Nikki Heat.
UNK: Looks like it's about killing prostitutes in Seattle.
Castle : I remember that case. I thought they caught that guy.
UNK: Not so much "caught" as "found dead." He hanged himself.
Castle : Another patsy, just like Ben Conrad.
Beckett : He gets away with murder. Why would he write about it?
Beckett : Why risk it?
Shaw : Writing is probably a symptom of his psychosis, like taking a trophy.
Shaw : He both memorializes the deed and distances himself from it
Shaw : by turning fact into fiction.
Shaw : And then along comes Nikki Heat,
Shaw : tailor-made for his psychosis, one part fact, one part fiction,
Shaw : just like him.
Shaw : Who better for him to challenge?
Castle : He must have known by going after Beckett
Castle : we'd realize Ben wasn't the killer. Why tip his hand?
UNK: It's part of the thrill.
Beckett : He needed to escalate in order to feel alive.
UNK: Or he's a psychotic obsessive-compulsive
Shaw : and has already decided how it has to end.
Beckett : Agent Shaw.
UNK: Been dusting for prints trying to get an ID.
Avery : Problem is, there aren't any.
Beckett : That's not possible. You can't live in a place without leaving prints.
Shaw : Unless he doesn't have any.
Shaw : He likes to play with fire. Maybe he burned them off.
Beckett : Well, without prints, we can't get an ID.
Shaw : We don't need an ID. Put this back where you found it.
Shaw : Let's un-ass this place right now.
UNK: He's got to come back sometime.
Shaw : Copy that, standing by.
Avery : Be advised. Our subject is a white male,
Avery : 6'2", approximately 200 pounds.
Avery : Profile suggests he's studied our tactics and has prepared for contingencies,
UNK: Man, it's all here. The engraved bullets. The cat-and-mouse phone calls.
Castle : The cipher. Only it's...
Castle : It's Nikki Heat investigating and she's always one step behind him.
UNK: - Until now. - Castle,
Shaw : what part of "un-ass" don't you understand?
Castle : All of it.
Shaw : For future reference, it means get the hell out and don't take anything.
UNK: Un-ass. Nice. Un-ass.
Shaw : Is he always like this?
Beckett : Castle has the attention span of a cocker spaniel.
UNK: Mmm. And the loyalty. The way he follows you around.
Shaw : From what I've observed, this unorthodox partnership
Shaw : works well for you.
Beckett : For now.
Shaw : Is it enough?
UNK: Is it enough for you to hop on a Lear jet six times a year,
Beckett : catching serial killers across the country?
Shaw : I'd be lying if I said it was easy.
Beckett : How do you manage?
Shaw : You miss a few birthdays and make a lot of phone calls.
Shaw : My husband tucks her in every night,
Shaw : tells her that Mommy's off slaying dragons.
Shaw : The trick to this kind of operation is having enough personnel in play
Shaw : to take the target down,
Shaw : but not so many that he can smell a trap.
Shaw : Which is why we have to get our people to go downwind.
UNK: Avery, tell our guy on the roof to find another spot.
Shaw : The guy on the roof. Southeast corner. The one with the binocs.