Castle : There's no need. Montgomery has someone keeping an eagle eye
Castle : on our building, but all the same, we should be on the alert.
UNK: I need to go change, go back and help.
Martha : See, he's okay.
UNK: Hey.
Castle : Hey. Where is everybody?
Beckett : Ryan and Esposito are talking to Conrad's sister,
UNK: and Agent Shaw is briefing the mayor.
UNK: Oh.
Castle : I'm sure he'll be less than thrilled to learn that
Castle : Conrad is just another victim.
Castle : Nothing like the threat of being murdered
Castle : by a serial killer to stifle tourism.
Beckett : Yeah, and it doesn't help that everyone in the city thinks
Beckett : that we caught the guy.
Castle : Speaking of Ben Conrad, what have you found out?
UNK: Thirty-four years old. Never married.
Castle : I'm going out on a limb here and saying,
UNK: judging from his relationship with his dog, Mr. Bumpkins,
Castle : he didn't have a girlfriend.
Beckett : Yeah, well, other than the people that
Beckett : we've already run down from the dog park,
Beckett : - he doesn't even have friends. - The man stuffed his dog.
Ryan : Well, Conrad's sister confirms that he was a Ioner.
UNK: He told her when he lost his job a couple of months ago
Ryan : that he spent his days emailing resumes
Ryan : at coffee shops that offer free internet.
Esposito : And other than Bumpkins, his only other joy in life was the Knicks.
Ryan : Poor guy.
Castle : Jordan said the profile indicated that the killer hunted Conrad.
Castle : If he wasn't a friend, then he must have met up with him somewhere
Castle : where people strike up a casual conversation.
Esposito : We figure if he camped out with his laptop at a coffee shop,
Esposito : our killer could've sat down next to him and they got to talking.
Beckett : His sister said that he was a Knicks fan?
Beckett : What's missing from these pictures?
Castle : - Good taste. - Area rug.
Ryan : - Decent lighting. - A TV.
Beckett : Which means he would have to walk to a local bar in order to watch the games.
UNK: Yeah, if you're a Knicks fan, you gotta share your pain with somebody.
Esposito : - True. - Okay, you two take all the coffee shops
UNK: within a five-block radius of Conrad's apartment,
Beckett : see if anyone remembers him talking to a customer.
Beckett : Castle and I will take the bars. And if you keep quoting Jordan,
UNK: I'm going to turn the radio way up.
UNK: Jealous.
Castle : Pub crawls are supposed to greet you
Castle : with a smile and a shot of Jager.
UNK: Not, "No, we've never seen that guy before, keep moving."
Castle : This is beginning to feel pointless.
Beckett : Buck up, Castle. I've got a feeling this place is different.
Beckett : It's still an ongoing investigation, so we're going to need you
Beckett : to take that banner down.
UNK: Bar Lady : I was just trying to work an angle.
UNK: Bar Lady : You should understand what it's like being a woman in a man's world.
Castle : Did Ben Conrad ever talk to you about the recent death of his dog?
UNK: Bar Lady : Sure. He loved to flap his gums to me about that little drop-kick.
UNK: Bar Lady : One time he cried.
Beckett : Well, what about the other customers? He ever talk to them?
UNK: Bar Lady : He mostly drank alone and watched the games.
UNK: Bar Lady : Though a couple of weeks ago, he did strike it up with some guy.
Beckett : - Can you describe him? - Average-Iooking.
UNK: Bar Lady : A bit off, like Conrad. They sat at that high top over there.
UNK: Bar Lady : I figured hey, birds of a feather.
Beckett : This other guy, did he ever pay with a credit card?
UNK: Bar Lady : The only time he ever said two words to me was the other week
UNK: Bar Lady : when he asked me to call him a cab.
Beckett : - Do you remember when? - I remember exactly when.
UNK: Bar Lady : The Knicks were in overtime and I missed the end while I was on hold.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: Cab company said that they sent a taxi there,
UNK: 10 : 45 the night of the Knicks game.
Castle : - You got the drop-off point? - Yeah. West Village,
Beckett : corner of Varick and Downing.
UNK: Home?
Beckett : I bet about 50,000 people live within walking distance of that corner.