Beckett : Like it or not, I'm already on the front line.
Montgomery : You and Castle found him. That's the hard part.
Montgomery : They've frozen his financials, they've alerted TSA,
Montgomery : his face is all over the news. We got him cornered.
Beckett : And you're the one who taught me that when you have an animal cornered,
Beckett : that's when they're the most unpredictable.
Montgomery : Yes, and that's also when they make mistakes.
Montgomery : He does something stupid, and we will take him down.
Montgomery : And you've been running flat out for days.
Montgomery : You need to go home and get some sleep.
Beckett : - Sir, I don't have a home. Yes, you do.
UNK: It's a secure building with an extra bedroom,
Castle : with people who care about you.
UNK: With the Federal detail at the door, it's the safest place in the city.
Beckett : - Thank you, Castle, but I couldn't. - You can and you will.
Montgomery : Detective, I took that security off of your apartment
Montgomery : and that gave him an opportunity to get to you.
Montgomery : I'm not gonna make that same mistake twice!
Montgomery : Consider it an order.
UNK: Who would have thought that I would be homeless and case-less in one day.
Castle : I know I'm the king of going rogue, but you were right to chase after Dunn.
Beckett : And Agent Shaw was right to kick me off the case.
UNK: I would have done the same thing if I was in her spot. I'm too close to it.
UNK: I'm sure after all this, you're a little sorry you let me follow you around.
Beckett : No, not this.
Beckett : All the other annoying things that you do, but not this.
Beckett : What about you?
Castle : The way I look at it now, if it wasn't for Nikki Heat,
Castle : this guy would've just gone on killing
Castle : because he wouldn't have met anyone smart enough to catch him.
Castle : I'm speaking, of course, about Special Agent Shaw.
UNK: - Good night, Castle. - Good night.
Shaw : First thing in the morning I'll check your homework, okay?
Shaw : It's time for you to get some sleep.
UNK: Okay. I love you, too, sweetie.
Castle : Good night.
Dunn : Hello, Jordan.
UNK: Martha.
UNK: Kate.
Beckett : I'm here on orders from the FBI.
UNK: Darling, I'm hardly the one to judge.
Beckett : I'm sorry, I wouldn't impose, but my place is...
Martha : Ashes. No, I know.
UNK: Well, that explains the pat-down by the hunky guy with the ear bud.
Martha : I assumed it was Richard making a dramatic statement
Martha : about the conditions for my dropping by unannounced.
Castle : I just woke up and literally smelled the coffee and the bacon.
Castle : - Dropping by to return your key? - Very funny, very funny.
Martha : No, I am looking for my aqua gloves because these clash.
Martha : Well, she cooks.
Beckett : Actually, my mom was an amazing cook.
Beckett : She used to make Sunday brunch, and I would get the choice
Beckett : between pancakes, omelets, waffles...
Castle : Wow, that's funny, every Sunday my mom would have me
Castle : make her an ice pack and a Bloody Mary.
Martha : Don't listen to him. That only happened twice, tops.
UNK: Gram! - There's my girl. I missed you.
UNK: I missed you, too.
Castle : You'd think it was months. It's been a day.
Beckett : Excuse me.
UNK: Beckett.
Beckett : Okay. I'll be right there.
Beckett : Castle, that was Agent Avery. Jordan never made it home last night.
UNK: She left the precinct just after 9 : 00.
UNK: Her husband said she never came home.
Beckett : - What about the car? - Stationary at this location
Avery : since the transmitter was activated 20 minutes ago.
Avery : Our vehicle security tech said this was his way in.
Castle : So, he was already in the car waiting for her when she got in.
Castle : - Her purse is still in here. There's no bullet hole.
Beckett : Medium velocity spatter.
Beckett : So he leans in from behind, she elbows him in the nose,
Beckett : he recoils
Beckett : and a blood trail flies from that direction.
Avery : She took her shot.
Castle : And left us some bread crumbs.