Avery : - Here's another one. And another one here.
Beckett : His nose is still bleeding, but he has Jordan at gunpoint.
Beckett : And he brings her to here, where there's a car waiting.
Beckett : There's tire treads.
UNK: Let's run down reports of all stolen vehicles from the past 24 hours.
UNK: Beckett.
Dunn : - Say hi to your friends, Agent Shaw. - Go to hell, Dunn.
Avery : I don't care if it's your story, Detective. I'm bringing her back alive.
Beckett : It's not my story, it's his.
Beckett : And if Agent Shaw was here, she'd say the same thing.
Castle : - Whatever he's got planned, it's a trap. - Lf I don't show up, she dies.
Montgomery : But if you do, you both die.
Avery : We need to get to him before the exchange.
Esposito : We traced the e-mail's IP address to an internet cafe in Midtown.
Ryan : Not that it helps us find her.
Beckett : There's no reflective surfaces and the windows are all blacked out.
Avery : Not all of them. Look. What's out that window?
Beckett : Agent Avery,
Beckett : if you don't mind me rejoining this investigation,
Beckett : I suggest we take this party next door.
Shaw : Zoom in.
Esposito : What are those, buildings? - Bridge towers.
Beckett : Call up all the bridges in the city and see if our partial view fits.
Ryan : Ah, the Whitestone.
UNK: It means we're looking south and east.
Avery : But we still need another coordinate to find him on the axis.
Beckett : Play the audio again, but this time without the voices.
Beckett : And get rid of all the traffic as well.
Castle : That's a subway. And not just any subway.
Beckett : - Those are elevated tracks. - I'll pull up the subway map,
Avery : see where it intersects with the approximate line of sight.
Beckett : That's the IRT Pelham Line. What's the stop that intersects?
Beckett : Zerega Avenue station.
Beckett : Got it. 1756, 48th Avenue, the Bronx.
UNK: Have a hostage-rescue team meet us there.
Avery : This is the place. Building's supposed to be abandoned.
Avery : Thermal confirms a hot spot on the fourth floor.
Avery : That's where he's holding her.
UNK: The team's going to enter on his blind side of the building.
Castle : This is wrong.
Beckett : - What's wrong? - I feel like Princess Leia
UNK: when the Millennium Falcon escaped the Death Star. It's too easy.
UNK: What do you mean, too easy?
Castle : I mean, the sneak peek out the window,
Castle : waiting to record the message just as the train was going by.
Castle : He led us here. You remember how perfect
Castle : - everything was with Conrad. - Yeah, I got the trap memo, too.
UNK: But that doesn't mean I'm going to sit on my ass and do nothing.
UNK: That's my partner up there.
Castle : She'll be dead the moment you breach that door.
UNK: That's why we're not going to breach.
UNK: The hostage exchange goes down at midnight.
Avery : That means he has to move her before then.
Avery : We move in quietly, take position.
Beckett : And then as soon as Dunn comes out...
Avery : I'll put him down like the rabid dog he is.