Castle : - We could canvass local businesses. - For an average-Iooking white guy?
Beckett : We can't even be sure what he looks like.
Shaw : Looks aren't the only method we have to identify him.
Shaw : We also have behavior.
Castle : You think you can identify him through behavior?
Shaw : Originally, his behavior seemed inconsistent,
Shaw : but that was because he was pretending to be someone else.
Shaw : We know a lot more now. He is a show-off,
Shaw : a game player with an exceptionally high IQ.
Shaw : But it's not enough to be smart, he also has a pathological need
Shaw : to validate it, which tells me that he probably belongs to an organization
Shaw : like Mensa or Prometheus.
UNK: He's a chameleon, so we can assume that he's living under a stolen identity.
UNK: And he is literate.
Shaw : He has already shown certain dispositions in his fascination
Shaw : with Nikki Heat, so we've drawn up a list of periodicals and magazines
Shaw : that he likely subscribes to.
Castle : - I get half of these. Yes.
Shaw : And you also kill people for a living. In your books.
Beckett : This is a pretty wide net.
Shaw : So is Varick and Downing, and so are memberships in high-IQ societies,
Shaw : but put them all together, and sometimes we get lucky.
Beckett : You mean like Berkowitz's parking ticket?
Shaw : It's not always that neat. You just keep adding pieces
Shaw : of the puzzle until a picture emerges.
Avery : Collated subscription information from the profiled periodicals,
UNK: as well as member lists from high-IQ organizations within a one-mile radius
Avery : of the Varick and Downing area.
UNK: - We got seventeen hits. - Run the names through our database.
Shaw : Most serials have some kind of indication of violent behavior.
Shaw : Criminal or psychiatric records.
Avery : Negative for any matches.
UNK: All right, at least we gave it a shot.
Shaw : I'll have our teams interview these guys...
Shaw : - Huh. - "Huh," what?
UNK: This one here. Chris Doherty.
UNK: He's got a recent driver's license,
Avery : but according to his Social Security number,
Avery : Chris Doherty died six years ago.
Beckett : He's living under a stolen identity.
Shaw : So, does it say where our dead guy supposedly lived?
Avery : His address puts him half a block from Downing and Varick.
Beckett : Okay, now I'm officially impressed.
Shaw : Don't be. Not until he's in our custody. Let's roll.
Man : Go, go, go!
UNK: Den's clear.
UNK: Bedroom, clear!
Man : All clear.