UNK: Well, ifyou ever get one,
Mallory : it would be in your best interest to call.
Castle : What was all that about MI6 having proofyou're behind this?
Hayley : It's all lies.
Alexis : Even what he said about your old partner?
Alexis : That was a lie, too?
Alexis : You let your partner die?
UNK: No.
Hayley : Wesley died because...
UNK: Because...
Hayley : It's complicated.
Hayley : Look, don't let Mallory get into your head.
Hayley : You know you can trust me.
UNK: Hey.
Ryan : Your tip about the corset paid off.
Hayley : You found Karla?
Esposito : We reached out to that lingerie shop and ID'd our blonde.
Ryan : Her real name is Beth Wynne.
Ryan : She's a longtime grifter who has worked a lot of scams.
UNK: Interesting.
Ryan : And get this,
Ryan : one of her aliases just checked into a motel at 153rd by JFK.
UNK: We're headed there rightnow.
UNK: We'llletyou know ifwe findher.
UNK: AII right.
Beckett : Where are you going? I thought you were staying out of sight.
Hayley : She killed my friend. I'm going to be there for the arrest.
Castle : Not alone you're not.
Ryan : Hayley, you're not supposed to be here.
Hayley : And yet, here I am.
Esposito : Castle, you didn't stop her?
Castle : Like I could stop her, even if I wanted to.
Hayley : Hey, guys. That's her.
Ryan : - Beth wynne? - NYPD!
Ryan : Hey! Come here!
UNK: Hey!
Ryan : Beth Wynne, you're under arrest
Ryan : for the murders of Marcus Janek and Bryce Roberts.
Beckett : No, no, no, you are not hanging this on me.
Beth : I didn't kill anyone.
Beth : When I left Manchester Energy, Marcus was alive.
Beth : I came straight back here.
Beth : You can check the motel surveillance cameras.
UNK: - And what about Bryce? - I didn't kill him. I was here.
Beth : I haven't even left this place till now.
Castle : Okay then, what really happened last night?
Castle : What were you doing there
Castle : when Hayley and Marcus were breaking in?
Beth : I was the bait for that idiot, Ned.
Beth : The computer system required two separate "security keys."
UNK: You can'tjust hack in and upload a worm.
Beth : It had to be embedded while a secure portal was open.
Esposito : So you made sure that Ned logged in.
Ryan : And after that,
Ryan : the worm that Hayley unintentionally planted
Ryan : was allowed to wreak havoc on London's power grid.
Castle : Wait a minute. Marcus was a run-of-the-mill cat burglar at best.
Castle : How would he come up with such an elaborate plan?
Beth : - He was just following orders. - From who?
Beth : A man named Edgar Patton.
Esposito : - You never met this man? - No.
Beth : Marcus was the point man.
UNK: And he brought me into this job.
UNK: Did Marcus say anything about him?
Ryan : Come on, you've got to know something.
Beth : He's a smoker, I guess.
Beth : The night before the job,
Beth : Marcus met Edgar at some fancy club to get the worm program.
Beth : When Marcus came back,
Beth : both him and his laptop stunk like cigars.
Beth : And that's all I know.
UNK: Where's Marcus' Iaptop now?
UNK: Okay, ifthere's still a copy of the worm program on here,
Hayley : I might be able to find out who created it.
Castle : Hold on, to attack London's power grid, you didn't even need Hayley or Bryce.
UNK: No.
Beth : But that's the way Edgar told Marcus it had to be.
Hayley : - I was chosen specifically. - Yeah.
Beth : And your buddy, Bryce, was only leveraged
Beth : to do this job to get to you.
Esposito : Karla's telling the truth.
Ryan : Motel security cameras prove
Ryan : that she was there during Bryce's murder.
Esposito : Lanie says that both
Esposito : Bryce and Marcus were stabbed by the same killer.
Esposito : So it looks like this Edgar guy is our new number-one suspect.
UNK: Any leads on the cigar smoker?
UNK: Not yet, but we're going to go canvass smoking clubs throughout the city.
UNK: Yeah, ifwe're lucky,
Esposito : somebody saw Marcus and Edgar meeting.
Beckett : And what about that laptop?
Beckett : Was Hayley able to identify who created that worm program?
Ryan : Not yet.
Hayley : Damn it.
Alexis : You've been working that thing for hours.
Alexis : You need to take a break.
Hayley : Uh, this Edgar fellow has a serious hurt-on for me
Hayley : and he killed Bryce because of it.
Hayley : I'll take a break when that bastard is dead.