Hayley : An old friend of mine from MI6, Bryce Roberts,
Hayley : hired me and Marcus to do some PI work.
Hayley : To install some spy software
Hayley : on the VP of Manchester Energy's computer.
Hayley : At least, that's what I thought we were doing.
Hayley : Right in the middle of it all, in waltz Ned and Karla,
Hayley : so I finished my part of the job and I took off.
Hayley : Marcus stayed to watch Ned and Karla go at it.
UNK: Must've been part of their plan.
Beckett : Wait a minute. Marcus and Karla were partners?
UNK: Must've been. Although, what they were really after,
Hayley : and why she killed him, I have no bloody idea.
Beckett : Okay. Tell me about Bryce.
Hayley : He was my team leader back when I freelanced for MI6.
Beckett : Were you guys close?
Hayley : Yeah, for a while.
Hayley : Then everything went to hell on an op.
Hayley : And I cut all ties with MI6.
UNK: Then a few months ago, he retired from Her Majesty's service,
Hayley : Started a freelance security company here in New York.
Hayley : He got back in touch.
Hayley : - He's a good man. - So why did he involve you?
Hayley : Yeah, I'd like to ask him that myself.
Beckett : Any idea where we can find him?
Esposito : Are you sure Bryce's ex-wife still lives here?
Hayley : I hope so.
UNK: He would've come to say good-bye before he went Code 44.
Castle : There's no cars here. It doesn't look like anybody is...
UNK: Police!
UNK: Out back. we got a body here.
UNK: Bryce.
UNK: Bryce.
Hayley : Stabbed in the back, just like Marcus.
Lanie : Right between the T4 and T5 vertebrae.
Lanie : I don't believe it's coincidence.
Lanie : - I'm sorry about your friend. - Thanks.
Castle : You know, you can't blame yourselffor this.
Castle : - Bryce lied. He chose to trick you... - Bryce was leveraged.
Hayley : - Compromised. - Yeah, but by whom?
UNK: Hay, what are they getting you mixed up in?
UNK: Yo, unis are canvassing the neighborhood,
Esposito : but there's no trace of our suspect.
Hayley : It had to be Karla.
Ryan : Could be she's cleaning up loose ends.
Ryan : I mean, her partners are dead.
UNK: AII Karla has to do now is disappear.
Castle : Why would she break into
Castle : Manchester Energy Building in the first place?
Castle : What were they after?
UNK: And why did they need Hayley to be a part of it?
Hayley : Wait. Hang on.