House : thus letting me blithely run roughshod tor at least four weeks.
Foreman : My theory is that you're running a battery of tests
Foreman : to convince him that you've saved his life,
UNK: and then con him into funding you to hire back your team.
UNK: What? Your old team?
UNK: What? This is your new reality.
Foreman : You've got your office, you've got neighbors,
Foreman : you've got one employee, one volunteer
Foreman : until she finds actual paid work or gets sick of you.
House : I talked to Chase and Taub. They're willing to come back.
Foreman : What about Thirteen?
UNK: Not a good choice. She's not a long-term, because she has no long-term.
Foreman : Not taking your calls?
House : She will.
Foreman : Discharge the patient.
House : Unexplained loss of consciousness could be cardiomyopathy,
House : global anoxia, subarachnoid hemorrhage...
Foreman : Dehydration. He was given fluids, and he got better.
Foreman : And I'm sure your tests have come up negative,
Foreman : or you'd have shut me up already.
Foreman : Which means he goes home.
Park : There is a symptom.
Park : Extreme altruism.
Foreman : You've got two choices, House.
Foreman : You can recognize that your patient is just
Foreman : a very nice, healthy guy and send him home.
Foreman : Or you can consider altruism a symptom,
Foreman : in which case, you cannot take his money.
Foreman : Send him home.
House : And check with admitting for the net worth of all new patients.
Thirteen : I'm not coming back, House.
UNK: Technically, you're back right now.
Thirteen : I need you to stop calling me.
UNK: The first 17 messages were cute, but...
House : I'm putting the band back together.
UNK: Interesting that you've never showed up at my place,
Thirteen : what with your love of annoying me
Thirteen : and your inability to take no for an answer.
Thirteen : I'm guessing ankle monitor.
House : Guilty as charged. Literally.
Thirteen : I'm not a doctor any more, House.
House : The job went away but not the profession.
House : You look healthy, so that's not it.
House : You met a boy or a girl,
UNK: fallen in love, wanna be happy.
UNK: You've decided to enjoy what time you have left.
House : You're going to Thailand.
UNK: Girl. And Mýkonos.
Thirteen : Turns out I like boring.
UNK: No, you want to like boring.
House : But if you actually liked boring
House : you would have figured that out in fifth grade when you were bored.
Thirteen : Please, stop calling me.
UNK: No.
House : You showed up to tell me that you don't want to hear from me.
House : That's a mixed signal.
UNK: And I'm gonna choose to listen to your actions rather than your words,
UNK: 'cause they're more honest.
Benjamin : I'm a little confused.
Park : The test is designed to determine if your nerves are...
UNK: No, I meant you're running a test and discharging me'?
Benjamin : Was I dehydrated or not?
Adams : I think so. But out of an abundance of caution,
Adams : my colleague has taken it upon herself to do one more test.
Benjamin : All right.
Adams : You scare me a little.