House : New life, new look.
Park : Does that mean you like your new life?
House : If you're asking if your job is safe,
House : that depends on what you have to say about the file you're holding.
Park : It doesn't seem like much of a case.
Park : Although, I'm sure I'm wrong.
House : You are. Tell me why.
Park : Guy collapsed after being on his feet for hours
Park : on a hot day without breakfast, so that's really weird.
House : ER found nothing wrong then I decided I should test his wallet.
Park : He's rich? That's why we're taking the case?
House : No, we're taking the case because
House : no one knows what's wrong with him.
House : And he's rich.
House : Dr. Adams.
House : Give her the file.
Park : This is my only copy.
House : My MO depends upon the use of a team.
House : Definitionally, that involves more than one person,
House : so I really have no choice.
House : Give her the file. You can't afford a team.
House : Adams is free.
House : And I'm referring both to her availability and her price tag.
House : New girl meet newer girl, and vice versa.
Adams : You said we were meeting for coffee.
House : Well, when someone asks if you want coffee,
House : they obviously don't just mean coffee.
House : Wait. Did you think I was referring to sex?
House : Would you shut the blinds on your way out'?
Adams : I thought you were referring to talking.
House : Talking about medicine.
House : Specifically, as it refers to the guy whose name is on the file
UNK: she still hasn't handed you.
Adams : I'm not working, House. I'm in the process of looking for a paying job.
UNK: And in the meantime, there's no way a do-gooder like you
UNK: isn't volunteering all over town,
House : ladling kittens, spaying soup.
UNK: There's a free clinic in Trenton.
House : Well, think of this as today's free clinic.
House : Only with fewer bums with herpes.
Park : I don't think we actually have much of a case.
Park : I think it's just dehydration.
House : What happened the last time another doctor
House : told you I was wrong about a case?
Adams : I lost my job.
UNK: But you saved a life.
Benjamin : Is an ultrasound really necessary? I'm feeling much better now.
Adams : A sudden collapse at your age can indicate
UNK: a deterioration in the heart muscle,
UNK: a pretty serious condition.
UNK: It could also just be dehydration.
Park : Next time, you could probably drop the undercover act.
UNK: I walk in in a suit, and they're gonna put their best foot forward.
Benjamin : Also I don't own a suit.
Adams : You give away millions, and you don't own a suit?
Benjamin : One day I was writing a check to my landscaper,
Benjamin : and it suddenly hit me,
Benjamin : $6,000 to take out plants and put in different plants
Benjamin : so I can look at them.
Benjamin : Shouldn't I use that money to do something important?
Adams : And by money, you mean all your money.
UNK: I started with $10 million,
UNK: and then I couldn't think of a reason not to give 20 or 40.
UNK: I figure I can live on $25,000 a year.
Benjamin : I still have my software company.
Benjamin : And when I make more, I'll give that away too.
Park : He's nuts. He's generous.
Park : There's a neurological issue. He's getting rid of everything.
UNK: His echocardiogram was negative for cardiomyopathy.
Adams : Head CT showed no signs of stroke or hemorrhage.
Park : He has one pair of pants!
Adams : Most people with his kind of money
Adams : are commissioning oil paintings of their Yorkshire terrier.
Adams : Benjamin is sacrificing his own comfort to help others.
UNK: That's 'cause helping others is his Yorkie oil painting.
Adams : That's good, not sick.
Park : That's naive and sick.
Park : You really want to improve things, you do it through policy.
Park : This guy empties his pockets, what really changes?
House : That's right. All those babies with AIDS, they're just using us.
Park : My parents had $800 between them when they got here.
Park : They scraped and borrowed so we could go to good schools.
Park : And I worked my ass off. No one gave me a handout.
Park : It makes me work harder.
UNK: Rebuttal.
Foreman : What's your evil plan?
House : I object to your cynicism.
Foreman : It's been earned. That's what I object to.
House : New Dean of Medicine has an ethical obligation to come in
House : with a completely open mind about all employees,