House : and get some Lo Mein and a Szechuan Beef.
Thirteen : That is six miles out of my way.
UNK: Okay, then, I guess I'll just get something from the hospital cafeteria,
UNK: which is where I get all of my meals since I can't go anywhere.
UNK: Fine. I'll get the food.
Park : I started the last round of pleconaril.
Adams : Can you do me a favor?
Adams : A favor?
Park : You want me to return these?
Park : Give them to someone? Wear them while you masturbate?
Adams : I want you to have them.
Park : That's not a favor.
Adams : It was a two-for-one sale I couldn't resist. I need to justify buying them.
Park : They're $120.
UNK: My car's in the shop. I'm short on cash this month.
Park : I can't pay you back.
Adams : The first pair were $120. These were free.
Park : You do know I punched the last person that pissed me off?
Adams : Was it Santa?
Wilson : What's your patient's status?
UNK: Better. We're discharging him.
UNK: Good.
House : Hey' hey. Why do you care?
House : Specifically. Although, I'm curious about a general answer loo.
Wilson : Your guy just signed up to donate a kidney to my patient with renal failure.
House : Did he meet your patient with renal failure?
Wilson : No. He heard the nurses talking about her, that she was short on time.
House : I was wrong.
Wilson : Don't say that. House, she really needs this kidney.
House : He's not better. His mental status is declining.
Wilson : Or he's doing an amazing thing for another human being.
House : I thought it was an ethical no-brainer
House : that we can't take stuff from sick people.
Wilson : I changed my mind.
House : He's still sick.
Wilson : His symptoms have gone away.
House : Not all of them. Offering an organ to a stranger is a symptom.
Wilson : A couple dozen people a year make undirected kidney donations.
House : How many of them are also in the process of pauperizing themselves'?
Wilson : If the guy threw himself on a grenade, he'd be a hero.
Wilson : If it saves a life, who cares?
House : You do. Yesterday when you made the exact opposite argument.
House : If there's even a chance I'm right,
House : it'd be dangerous to give his kidney to someone else.
Wilson : More dangerous than complete renal failure? My patient needs this now.
UNK: Why do you want to give away your kidney?
UNK: Benjamin dressed Up, Ready To Go : There are 70,000 people in this country
UNK: Benjamin dressed Up, Ready To Go : on the active Waiting list for a kidney,
UNK: Benjamin dressed Up, Ready To Go : and less than 10,000 dead people a year to give them one.
House : Yeah, if only We could kill 60,000 more people a year,
House : all would be golden.
Benjamin : I'll give you your money.
House : See? Crazy.
Foreman : Being a live donor has risks.
UNK: I looked ii up. The risk is one in 4,000. I could die during surgery.
Benjamin : Which means if I don't donate,
Benjamin : I'm valuing my life at 4,000 times someone else's.
Benjamin : It's not like I want to be cut open
Benjamin : and have a part of me taken out,
Benjamin : but I've got two, and this woman has none. She'll die without it.
Wilson : Perfectly logical.
House : People with mental deficiency can be logical.
House : Just like sane people can be illogical.
Foreman : This kidney thing is the only evidence you have that he's sick.
UNK: I'm going to let him be a donor.
Benjamin : Dr. House, it's not a symptom.
Benjamin : Come back after you're convinced that I'm healthy,
Benjamin : and I will give you your money.
Thirteen : No, you won't.
House : We have time for one more test before we move him.
Park : What test?
House : Whatever test will prove that it wasn't echovirus...
House : Virus, virus... And he's not cured, obviously.
Park : I've been saying all along this could be Whipple's.
Park : Causes arrhythmia, tremor and mental changes.
House : Bad idea. There's no joint pain.
House : Where's Adams?
Park : We thought the case was over.
Park : She has a job interview.