Park : Maybe he got bit by a spider.
Park : The symptoms can take up to three days to manifest.
Adams : He'd have localized pain.
UNK: LCDD.
Adams : Almost always hits the kidneys.
House : Ah, Dr. Foreman, perhaps you can help us.
House : I can't decide whether to take out an
House : or stay classy and just spray-paint it on your car.
Foreman : You're off the case.
Adams : That seems like an overreaction.
UNK: You dosed him. You couldn't stand losing him as a patient,
UNK: so you faked a symptom to prove yourself right.
Park : That's idiotic.
House : - Sorry. - Don't apologize.
House : I don't know if you're power-crazed
House : or paranoid, but I know she's right.
House : Two lives are in the balance here.
Foreman : House, I worked for you for seven years. I know how you operate.
Foreman : So when I see symptoms magically show up right when you need them...
House : And I was your boss for seven years,
House : and I know what a suspicious, micromanaging hard-ass you are.
House : Why would I do this now, knowing you can send me right back to jail?
UNK: What did you give him?
UNK: Nothing.
House : You can't prove otherwise.
House : So why don't you do the smart thing here?
Foreman : You're off the case. You no longer have access to this patient.
Adams : You can't let him do this.
House : He's the boss.
House : And he's right.
Adams : I assume you dosed the patient
Adams : because you're really certain he has a neurological condition.
House : I assume you're interpreting my actions in the best possible light
UNK: because you didn't get the job.
House : What's with you and Park?
UNK: Nothing.
House : I expect my people to lie better than that.
House : Either you're getting her gifts
House : because you want her to like you,
Foreman : in which case, I don't like you.
House : Or you're getting her gifts to screw with her,
House : in which case, I will be teaching you my secret homie handshake.
Adams : I just... I thought it was interesting
Adams : she couldn't accept that coffee,
UNK: and I wanted to see how deep it went.
Thirteen : But now?
UNK: Oh, now, I just wanna win.
House : What was in the box?
Adams : Gift certificate. The spa.
UNK: That's not going to do ii. You're up against a lifetime of training.
House : If you wanna win, you've got to do
House : something she can't possibly reciprocate.
UNK: You've got to push her neuroses to the point
House : where even she thinks that she's crazy.
UNK: One more favor, and I promise I'll leave you alone forever.
House : Or I'm lying.
House : Either way, it's more interesting than whatever you're doing now.
Thirteen : Can I help you?
Woman : I'm his wife.
Woman : We're separated.
Woman : I heard he was sick. I just wanted to see him.
Woman : He's giving a kidney to someone he's never met?
Thirteen : He wants to, yeah.
Thirteen : I know he's talked about you.
Thirteen : He's been alone all this time.
Thirteen : I'm sure it would mean a lot to him to see you.
Woman : I wanted to spend my life with him,
Woman : but I need to feel like he loves me more than other people.
Woman : Like he loves our kids more.
Woman : Maybe that's selfish.
Woman : I should go.
Benjamin : Was that my wife?
House : I don't know.
UNK: Are you the guy, the kidney donor?
Benjamin : There was a problem, but I'm gonna try again.