Castle : I don't.
Beckett : Hi, this is Detective Kate Beckett with the NYPD.
Beckett : I'd like to speak with your supervisor, please.
UNK: I can't really say he looks familiar, but you gotta understand,
UNK: we have hundreds of employees.
Beckett : Well, how many of them had access to vacation-hold information?
UNK: Well, you got about a dozen in subscriptions,
Fickas : another handful in billing,
Fickas : and of course the newspaper boys themselves.
UNK: I'm gonna need to see a list of their names.
Fickas : Sure, follow me.
UNK: Donna?
UNK: Donna Vincennes : Richard, what are you doing here?
UNK: Donna Vincennes : You're not mad about number nine, are you?
UNK: Donna Vincennes : I told my editor to keep you at seven.
Castle : No, no, it's not that. I don't care about that, much.
UNK: It's... I just... Why did you say I was dating Detective Beckett?
Donna : Oh, well, I just assumed. You kept bringing her up during the interview.
Castle : - No, I didn't. - Sure you did.
Donna : You went on and on about her.
UNK: "Beckett said the funniest this, she's the best that."
Castle : Really? I did that?
Donna : Last year, all you did was talk about yourself.
Castle : Well, Donna, I am very, very single.
Donna : Really? Because if you aren't involved, Bachelorette Number Three
Donna : asked about you this morning. Did you see her?
UNK: No.
Donna : Or are you one of those people who never goes below the fold?
Castle : I go below the fold, it's just, lately,
Castle : I've been very busy with my second Nikki Heat novel and I...
Castle : - Oh, my God. - Mmm-hmm.
Donna : Amanda Livingston.
Donna : So, do you want her number? 'Cause she wants yours.
Beckett : Hey, we got a match. Mickey Carlson, delivery boy.
UNK: Both the Dysons and Michele Langford are on his route.
Castle : Delivery boy, knew it.
Beckett : Anyway, he didn't show this morning, another carrier had to cover.
UNK: You know, there's no address on this application.
Beckett : Do you have one on file?
Fickas : No, he never gave us one. And now I know why.
UNK: Says there that payday is tomorrow.
Beckett : Does Mickey do direct deposit or does...
UNK: Or pick up his own check? Like clockwork.
UNK: Payroll comes in at 10 : 00 in the morning, Mickey's here at 10 : 01.
UNK: A delivery boy with a silencer and syringes full of ketamine?
Beckett : His job's just a front for whatever business he's really in.
UNK: Here's a list of all the vacation-holds on his route.
Beckett : He could be squatting at any one of them.
Beckett : He's armed, so make sure your teams use extreme caution.
Beckett : Castle and I will set up at the paper, in case he shows.
Esposito : If he's out there, we'll find him.
UNK: It's ironic, you know. People put in vacation-holds to avoid break-ins.
Castle : Good use of irony.
Beckett : - So, who's your friend at the paper? - Oh, Donna Vincennes?
Castle : She's the one who wrote the blurb about us.
Beckett : - There is no us. - I know that.
Beckett : Did you tell her that?
UNK: Yes, I did. Which worked out, actually, really well for me.
Castle : very interested in meeting me.
Castle : Once the infotainers get a hold of her with me,
UNK: they're gonna forget all about you and I.
Beckett : I can just see the headlines now, "Nine meets Three at dinner for two."
Castle : Believe it or not, there's a lot of women in this town
Castle : who like the idea of being romantically linked to me.
Beckett : I have no life.
Lanie : No, Mr. Bishop has no life. That's why he's on my table.
Beckett : - I need a date. - What?
Beckett : A date, a guy, a man.
Beckett : You're always trying to set me up with people, so here I am.
UNK: I'm game. What do you got?
UNK: Okay, what's gotten into you?
Beckett : I get so wrapped up in work. All I want to do is go home where it's quiet.
UNK: And I'm so tired of quiet, I want loud.
UNK: Okay. I have the perfect prescription for you.
UNK: - A bradekker? - No, no, baby. That's Brad Dekker.
Lanie : That firefighter I wanted to set you up with.
Beckett : Is he cute?
Lanie : He was Mr. July in last year's New York Firefighter's calendar.
Beckett : - July, huh? - Mmm-hmm.
Beckett : They always put the really hot ones in the summer months.
UNK: Exactly.
UNK: Well, then, shall we say around 8 : 00? All right. Me, too.