UNK: So, what'd they find out?
UNK: Yo, we ran the pet shop owner, Noel du Preez?
Esposito : - He came up clean. - Really?
Beckett : What about in the past couple of days? Anything unusual?
Ryan : Day before yesterday, customs has him taking possession
Ryan : of half a dozen African Gray Parrots, four baboon spiders
Ryan : and two black-tailed pythons, all from South Africa.
UNK: Wait a minute, did you say black-tailed pythons from South Africa?
Ryan : Yeah, why?
Castle : Because black-tailed pythons, also known as Indian rock pythons,
Castle : are not indigenous to that area.
Castle : Why would they be coming from Africa?
Ryan : Why do you care about some motherfreaking snakes
Esposito : on a motherfreaking plane?
Castle : Because as a murder mystery novelist, I am highly paid to think like a bad guy.
Castle : Here are a few fun facts about snakes, they are cold-blooded,
Castle : they swallow huge amounts and they digest their food very slowly.
Beckett : Perfect for smuggling.
UNK: there are two things in abundance in South Africa,
UNK: racial hatred and diamonds.
Esposito : Smuggling diamonds in live snakes.
UNK: That's why the Maitlans' trip had to be this week.
Castle : They knew the shipment was coming in.
Castle : - And then the ketamine... - Was to dope the snakes,
Beckett : so they could take them up the shaft without a fight.
UNK: - And then when we came to the store... - The owner couldn't say a word,
Castle : otherwise he'd implicate himself in smuggling.
UNK: - So, we find out who robbed him. - We find the Third Man.
Ryan : Do they know they're finishing each other's sentences?
Beckett : Have uniforms pick up the owner, we'll meet you at the store.
UNK: Hi, is this seat taken?
UNK: - My name's Brad. What should we tell them?
Castle : This is going to be awkward.
UNK: They'll be okay.
Beckett : Is the owner in custody?
Ryan : Wife said he was here working late. Place looks closed.
UNK: Okay, Castle, hold my purse. Follow me.
Esposito : Ready? Let's go.
Esposito : Room all clear. Here, too.
UNK: Whoa!
UNK: NYPD!
UNK: Drop the weapon!
UNK: Get down! Down!
UNK: Hey, you okay?
UNK: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Takes a lot more than that to scare me.
Beckett : What about a big hairy spider on your shoulder?
Castle : Yeah, that would do it.
UNK: Du Preez : I didn't know you were the police! I have a right to defend my store.
Beckett : Defend from who, Mr. Du Preez?
Beckett : According to customs, you took possession of two black-tailed pythons.
UNK: Du Preez : Which is not a crime.
Castle : No, but black-tailed pythons are indigenous to India,
Castle : so why ship them in from South Africa?
UNK: My suppliers are there. There is nothing illegal about my business.
Castle : Then where are the snakes?
Beckett : They weren't in the store,
Beckett : and we didn't find any invoices indicating that they were sold.
Castle : You know what we did find?
UNK: A color grader, a UV Lamp, and a karat weight scale.
UNK: All tools of the diamond trade. So what happened, Mr. Du Preez?
Beckett : Because we think someone broke into your store,
Beckett : came down the dumbwaiter shaft and stole your shipment of diamonds.