Castle : Look, it's my job to worry about you, not the other way around.
Castle : I'll be fine.
Alexis : Yeah, that's what you said when you tried to deep-fry a turkey,
Alexis : and we all know how that turned out. I just don't want you to get hurt.
Alexis : Or burn your eyebrows off again.
Castle : - I'm glad they grew back. - They're finally matching.
UNK: Heard this place was impossible to get into.
UNK: Mrs Dyson : - Excuse me. - Ricky!
UNK: Frankie! Come here.
UNK: Maitre'd : - Nice to see you again. - And you.
UNK: Maitre'd : Your table will be ready momentarily.
UNK: Castle?
UNK: Beckett?
UNK: Brad Dekker : I take it you two know each other?
Beckett : Yeah. Brad, this is Richard Castle. We work together.
Castle : Amanda, this is Kate Beckett. We work together.
UNK: Hi. Nice to meet you.
UNK: Donna Vincennes : What are you doing here? You knew that I was coming here.
Castle : I knew you wanted to come here.
Castle : I didn't think you could get a table last-minute.
UNK: You got a table last-minute.
UNK: - Yeah, I've got connections. - So do I. City health inspector.
Castle : Wow! Nice abuse of power.
UNK: So, Richard, you a cop, too?
Beckett : No, he's a novelist who's been shadowing me on my murder cases.
UNK: Oh, I do a little more than shadowing.
Waitress : Your table is ready.
Brad : So, you two working a homicide?
Beckett : A double homicide. It's actually a rather tricky case because the killer is...
Castle : I like to call him the Third Man.
Amanda : Very mysterious. Sounds like one of your books.
UNK: Yeah, it kind of does.
Castle : Anyway, he and his two partners...
Beckett : ...were going to rob a bank.
Beckett : Only he turned on the other two and killed them
Beckett : before they even finished the job.
UNK: Stan Kopek : I mean, it doesn't even make any sense,
Beckett : since usually you'd wait until you got the money
UNK: before you double-crossed your partners.
Castle : I mean, they didn't even have the right equipment to rob a bank.
Amanda : Well, I'm sure you'll figure it out, eventually.
Amanda : You know, speaking of great mysteries,
Amanda : I saw an incredible play off-Broadway the other night.
Castle : I just wish I could figure out what they were doing with the ketamine.
Beckett : Maybe it had something to do with the pet store.
Brad : You gonna eat that?
UNK: Just, it's not like there was really anything to steal there.
Castle : Unless the pet store was just a front for something else.
Amanda : Waiter, can I have another glass of wine, please?
Beckett : In which case, the owner might have been lying
UNK: when he said that nothing was stolen.
UNK: Do you want to have sex with me later?
Beckett : I'm sorry, would you mind if I made a telephone call?
Castle : - Nah. - Thanks.
UNK: Um...
Castle : Bathrooms are out by the front, right? Pardon me.
Castle : Have you got something?
Beckett : I was just having Ryan and Esposito run something down for me.
Castle : - The pet shop? - Yes! How did you know?
Castle : I was thinking the exact same thing, it's probably a front for something.
UNK: Okay, so they're going to dig up everything they can on the owner.
UNK: It could be that he's hiding something.
Castle : Right. Well, I should get back to this date.
Beckett : - How's yours going? - Great. Yours?
Beckett : Fantastic. Well, I'll see you.
Amanda : Pheasant is amazing.
Beckett : - Sorry, that's the station. - Yeah, go ahead.
Castle : - Would you pardon me? - Bathroom again?