Beckett : This is here. Yeah. Weird, huh?
Beckett : Why would he take pictures?
Castle : So he could put everything back the way he found it.
Beckett : He was hoping nobody would know that he was here.
Castle : Almost as though he was hiding.
Beckett : All right, have a tech pull the memory card.
Beckett : See if any of the deleted photos can tell us who he is.
UNK: - Ooh! She's gonna kill him. - He's dead.
Ryan : So, Castle, is it true? You finally off the market?
Castle : Guys, seriously, if you breathe a word of this, I swear I will make you...
Beckett : Montgomery's up to speed.
Beckett : Anything back from the Dysons' workplace or the kid's school?
UNK: I ran background checks on everyone
Esposito : who knew the family was gonna be out of town.
Esposito : So far, everyone's come back clean, but I'm gonna keep digging.
Beckett : - Anything on the canvass? Whole lot of nothing.
UNK: No doorman in the building.
UNK: None of the Dysons' neighbors noticed anything out of the ordinary.
UNK: Shocker. I've lived in my spot eight years,
UNK: I couldn't pick my neighbors out of a lineup.
Castle : Well, that's Manhattan for you.
Castle : Nobody notices anything unless it affects them directly.
Esposito : - Unless it's in the paper. - Excuse me. Beckett.
UNK: Great. Okay, good. Got a hit off of John Doe's fingerprints.
UNK: Douglass Bishop. He's in the system.
UNK: Douglass Bishop. Arrested once, 10 years ago.
UNK: Misdemeanor, drunk and disorderly.
Esposito : Charges were dropped. Besides that, he's clean.
UNK: All right, find the next of kin. After they ID the body,
Beckett : maybe they can tell us what the hell he was doing in that apartment.
Lanie : I got the results back from the lab.
UNK: He was injected with an anesthetic, ketamine.
Castle : Special K? He was killed by a club drug?
Lanie : Not in this dose.
Lanie : Whoever shot up Mr. Bishop was not looking to get him high.
Lanie : Gave him enough to put down a horse.
Orderly : The victim's sister is here.
Beckett : I'm Detective Beckett. Thank you so much for coming down.
UNK: Melanie Kopek : Is that him? Is that Doug?
Beckett : That's what we'll need you to verify.
UNK: Stan Kopek : None of this makes any sense.
UNK: Stan Kopek : I mean, why would Doug be living in these people's apartment?
UNK: Stan Kopek : He's got his own place out in Hoboken.
Beckett : Is it possible that your brother was in trouble?
Beckett : - That he was hiding from someone? - No, everybody loved Doug.
Castle : Did he owe anybody money, or have any financial problems?
UNK: Melanie Kopek : Not that I know of.
UNK: Melanie Kopek : I mean, his hours at the travel agency got cut back,
UNK: Melanie Kopek : - but he was getting by. Travel agency?
UNK: Maybe that's how he knew the Dysons were out of town.
UNK: Melanie Kopek : But if he were in trouble he would've raided his scuba fund.
UNK: Stan Kopek : Yeah. He was always saying that someday when his ship came in,
UNK: he was gonna get himself a little scuba shop down in Jamaica.
UNK: Melanie Kopek : Doug was saving up for it.
UNK: Melanie Kopek : He would put a portion of his paycheck in an account every month.
Beckett : When was the last time you saw your brother?
UNK: Melanie Kopek : Not since the holiday party.
UNK: Melanie Kopek : Doug's agency threw it out by the airport,
UNK: Melanie Kopek : which is where Stan works, so we all went.
UNK: Melanie Kopek : You just never think something like this is gonna happen,
UNK: Melanie Kopek : so you don't make time.
UNK: It's okay.
UNK: Okay, thank you.
Beckett : That was the travel agency.
Beckett : If Doug was hiding from someone, he wasn't doing a very good job.
Beckett : Apparently, he hasn't missed a day of work until yesterday.
Castle : What about the Dysons' trip?
Beckett : They booked it through a different agency.
Castle : - The scuba fund? - Didn't touch it.
Castle : So, he wasn't in hiding, he didn't owe anybody any money,
Castle : and he had no discernible way
Castle : of knowing when the Dysons would be out of town.
UNK: Hey, Beckett. The geeks managed to pull the deleted photos
UNK: from our squatter's memory card.
Ryan : Care to take a look?
Ryan : Stuff on counters, inside cabinets.
Beckett : That's not the Dysons' place.
Castle : He's done this before, but in other apartments.
Ryan : Maybe he does it for the thrill.
Beckett : Maybe someone found out and got mad.
Castle : Yeah, but he'd still have to know when they were away.
Beckett : Unless Doug Bishop isn't our squatter.
Ryan : That's definitely not Doug Bishop.
UNK: Who is he?
Beckett : He's probably our killer.
Castle : What kind of psychopath takes pictures of himself and his murder weapons?
Beckett : Some killers keep trophies.
UNK: In his defense, he did delete these photos.
UNK: .45 with a silencer.
UNK: - I wonder what he had lined up for this. - Nothing good.