UNK: Alexis Castle : What's all the excitement about?
Castle : and guess who's on it?
Castle : - Who? - I don't know,
Castle : but he must be the president of the Really-Good-Looking Club.
UNK: Huh! Ranked number nine. Weren't you number seven last year?
Castle : Yes, and thank you for pointing out my shortcomings once again, Mother.
UNK: That's my job.
UNK: Luckily, all my friends are beyond print media.
Castle : What about this is embarrassing?
UNK: Nothing. It's the secret dream of every 16-year-old
Alexis : to have their father crowned one of the most available hotties of the year.
Martha : Well, according to this, your father may not be on the market.
Martha : - You didn't read the blurb here? - Mmm-mmm.
Martha : "Though claiming to be single, Richard Castle is rumored
UNK: "to be romantically involved with NYPD Detective Kate Beckett."
UNK: Mrs Dyson : - What? - "The inspiration for Nikki Heat,
UNK: "the heroine of his latest best-selling novel.
UNK: "Bachelor number nine may not be eligible for next year's list."
Castle : - Where did they get that? - Let me see.
Castle : I didn't say anything like that in my interview.
Alexis : Detective Beckett is not going to love this.
UNK: Well, maybe she'll just laugh it off.
Martha : How is it, for a man who is surrounded by women,
Martha : that you know so little about us?
Castle : Speak of the devil. Okay, either Beckett's calling
UNK: because there's a dead body, or because she read the article.
Martha : Pray for murder.
Castle : Good morning.
Castle : Dead body, I'm good.
UNK: Detective Javier Esposito : No one else had access to you home, not even your maid?
UNK: No. Nothing. Nobody like that? Okay.
UNK: Okay. Okay. Thank you.
UNK: And your daughter... Your daughter's school, they knew about...
Esposito : They knew about you guys going out of town?
UNK: Mrs Dyson : - What? - What, what?
UNK: So, what've we got?
UNK: Dr Lanie Parish : Your guess is as good as mine. John Doe. No ID.
UNK: Dr Lanie Parish : Approximate time of death is between 9 : 00 last night and 1 : 00 this morning.
Beckett : The family found him after returning from vacation.
Beckett : Apparently, he made himself quite at home.
Castle : How so?
Beckett : Well, we found his food in the fridge, toiletries in the bathroom,
Beckett : even some of his clothes in the dryer.
UNK: A real-life Goldilocks.
UNK: Mmm-hmm. It looks as though he even slept in the parents' bed.
Castle : Well, of course. That one was too hard,
Castle : and Baby Bear's bed was just right.
Castle : - Looks like he struggled. - Unsuccessfully. Here, you see that?
UNK: It's a needle mark from a syringe.
UNK: Probably was injected with something that stopped his heart.
Lanie : I'll run toxicology.
UNK: As soon as I can pinpoint a COD, I'll give you a call.
Beckett : - Great, thank you. Mmm-hmm.
UNK: Hey.
Castle : You know who kills with syringes? Mad doctors and B-movie Nazis.
Castle : - Why not just use a gun? - Guns are loud.
Beckett : I've seen squatters in abandoned buildings, but nothing like this.
Castle : And then someone sneaks in and kills him with a needle. Weird.
Beckett : - How're the Dysons doing? - Mom and Dad are pretty shaken up.
UNK: Little girl doesn't really know what's going on.
Beckett : Did anyone know they were leaving town?
Esposito : Just people from work, daughter's school, stuff like that.
UNK: - We're running them down. - Hey, check this out.
UNK: Detective Kevin Ryan : Dysons found this in the kitchen. Said it's not theirs.