Ryan : decided to round out the stereotype with a laundry list of criminal activity,
Ryan : including fencing stolen property, stick-ups and a smash and grab.
UNK: Do we have a time of death?
UNK: Yes, between 1 : 00 and 4 : 00 a.m. This morning,
Ryan : which rules out Mickey Carlson.
UNK: We've verified that he stayed in a homeless shelter last night.
Beckett : So if Mickey was telling us the truth,
Beckett : then Doug and Mr. Francis clearly got more than they bargained for.
Castle : All by the murderous hand of their partner,
Castle : the guy who killed Doug with the syringe,
Castle : our mysterious Third Man.
Beckett : Let's get photos of all of Anton's known associates and former cellmates.
Beckett : If Mickey saw his face, he should be able to ID him for us.
Castle : So how does a man like Douglass Bishop,
Castle : with no criminal record, get involved with hardened criminals?
Esposito : Simple. They needed him.
Esposito : It seemed convenient to me that the Maitlans were out of town
UNK: when all this went down, so I did some digging.
Esposito : Turns out, that cruise they're on? They won it in a contest.
Esposito : Only, there is no contest.
UNK: A phony award letter?
Esposito : Yeah, when they got that and the tickets
Esposito : they figured why look a gift horse in the mouth?
Esposito : So, guess where the tickets came from.
Beckett : Doug Bishop's travel agency.
Castle : So, the cruise was just a scam to get the Maitlans out of town.
UNK: The letter says that the cruise had to be this week.
Castle : - Why this week? - And why the Maitlans?
Castle : Well, unless our bad guys are into pre-war architecture,
Castle : there's really nothing in that apartment that's worth anything,
UNK: except for the audiolvisual equipment, which was still there.
UNK: Why go through so much trouble to get in the Maitlans' apartment?
Beckett : Maybe what they wanted wasn't in the Maitlans' apartment.
Beckett : Maybe they were going to rob someone else, but just needed access.
UNK: The audiolvisual equipment.
UNK: Access.
UNK: The Maitlans live on the second floor.
Castle : Running perpendicular to them and whatever is below
Castle : is the old dumbwaiter shaft.
Castle : to bypass the Czech assassin
Castle : in order to save the Swiss ambassador's daughter.
Castle : Maybe our bad guys are using the dumbwaiter
Castle : to bypass the security of whatever's below them.
Beckett : Which would explain the ropes and the climbing gear.
Beckett : So what's below the Maitlans' apartment?
UNK: A pet shop.
UNK: Why don't you come get it?
UNK: Noel Du Preez : I have the largest selection of reptiles in the city. They're my specialty.
UNK: Okay, thank you, bye-bye.
UNK: Hi, how is it? Can I help you?
Beckett : - And you're sure nothing was stolen? - Yeah, I mean, what is there to steal?
UNK: This dumbwaiter's been opened recently.
UNK: Du Preez : It was open?
UNK: Mickey told us his attacker said there was millions at stake.
Beckett : Mr. Du Preez, what's on the other side of that wall?
UNK: 28th Street. Eastside Bank and Trust.
Castle : A bank heist?
Beckett : It looks like the plan was to cut into the back wall
Beckett : to get into the bank vault on the other side.
Beckett : We called the bank manager, the FBI, but our guys never made it that far.
UNK: Captain Roy Montgomery : What went wrong?
Beckett : We don't know. It could have been greed, panic.
Beckett : It looks like our victims might have been betrayed by their partner.
Montgomery : In the old days, you killed your partners after you got the money.
UNK: Any leads on this Third Man?
Beckett : No. We had our squatter take a look at mug shots
UNK: of Anton Francis' associates and we didn't find him.
Castle : What if the connection to the Third Man isn't through Scarface,
UNK: what if it's through Doug?
Montgomery : The travel agent? I thought we went through him.
Beckett : We did. We checked his family, his friends, his co-workers.
Castle : But not his clients. Think about it, maybe that's it.
Castle : The Third Man books a trip through Doug.
Castle : Doug starts talking,
UNK: tells him about his dream of owning a scuba shop in the islands.
Castle : The Third Man senses his frustration, that's his in. He tells Doug it'll be easy.
Castle : It's a victimless crime, nobody will get hurt, insurance will pay.
Castle : Knowing the whole time if the police investigate,
Castle : they'll track the tickets back through to Doug, not to him.
Castle : The Third Man remains invisible so long as Doug is dead.
Montgomery : That almost makes sense.
Beckett : Let's run Doug's client list for the past six months.
Beckett : If anything pops, we'll show it to Mickey.
UNK: Okay.
Martha : You know, maybe I should cancel tonight.
UNK: You're gonna cancel on the guy that risked his life for a bunch of puppies?
Beckett : Sir, you know about my date?
Montgomery : Yes, and despite what you might think, the world is not going to end
UNK: just because you disappear for a night.
Montgomery : And if it does, I'm sure that those two can handle it.
UNK: Yeah. - Yeah, go ahead.
Esposito : Yeah, I need the overtime.
UNK: - Okay, but call me if anything turns up. - Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, have fun.
Castle : You see how ready she was to cancel on that date?
Esposito : - What's it to you, Castle? - Yeah, why do you care?
UNK: I'm just saying. Look out, there's a...
Alexis : - Neither of those. - Hmm?
UNK: Look.
Castle : Oh, you're good.
Castle : Hey, I know that this can be weird for you,
Castle : how parents aren't supposed to date.
Alexis : I know you date, Dad. I know you probably do other things
UNK: that I'm not going to think about and will never, ever mention.
Castle : Fair enough. So, what's wrong?
Castle : I don't know. I mean, I'm not gonna be here forever.
Alexis : And then who's going to look after you then?
Donna : Bachelorette Number Three?
Castle : Slow down there. Let's not go buying rings anytime soon. It's just a date.
UNK: I know. And she seems nice and all.
UNK: But if that's who you date, I mean, are you really going to find happiness
Alexis : with the kind of person who's a number on a list?
Castle : I already have. You're number one on mine.