UNK: Has CSU pulled the prints off of the camera and personal effects?
Esposito : Yeah, they don't match Doug Bishop and they're not in the system.
Beckett : Which means he doesn't have a record.
Castle : Well, if Doug wasn't our squatter,
Castle : what was he doing in the Dysons' apartment?
Beckett : He had to have known the squatter somehow.
UNK: If this squatter was so meticulous about putting things back,
UNK: why'd he leave all this for us to find?
Castle : You're right. It makes no sense.
UNK: What? No grand theatrical theory to spin for us?
Castle : Honestly, I got nothing.
Esposito : More importantly, we don't have any prints or leads.
UNK: - How are we gonna catch a ghost? - By finding out how he haunts.
Beckett : If we can figure out how the squatter knew his marks were out of town,
Beckett : find something that connects him to the other places that he's stayed,
Beckett : then maybe we can narrow down the field.
Ryan : We'll keep going through these. With any luck, we'll find something
Ryan : that can tell us whose apartments these are.
UNK: Okay, great. Thank you.
UNK: Hey.
Castle : - Hey. - What are you doing?
Beckett : Looking to see who won the game last night.
Castle : We won.
Beckett : Do you even know what game I'm talking about?
UNK: Sure I do. The big game.
UNK: Okay, Castle. What's going on?
Esposito : Yo, Beckett. Check this out.
UNK: He took a picture of the inside of someone's medicine cabinet.
Ryan : You can almost make out the name on these prescription bottles.
Beckett : Have IS take a look at it. See if they can enhance the photo.
UNK: Michelle Langford : Oh, God! He went through my medicine cabinet?
UNK: Michelle Langford : Please tell me he didn't go through my diary.
UNK: We're not sure, Ms. Langford. Are you sure you don't recognize him?
Michelle : Yeah, I'm positive.
Beckett : And you don't know the Dysons?
UNK: No. The only person that knew I was even out of town was my mother.
Michelle : Everyone else thought I was on sick leave.
Michelle : You won't tell my boss that, will you?
Castle : Did you notice anything unusual when you returned?
Michelle : - Oh, that totally explains it. What?
Michelle : My faucet.
Michelle : For weeks I've been asking my super to fix my leaky faucet, but he never came.
Michelle : And then when I got back, it was fixed, so I just assumed that he finally did it.
UNK: But then later when I saw him on the stairs,
Michelle : he didn't even know what I was talking about.
Castle : The squatter fixed your sink?
Michelle : Yeah. And there was this bottle of,
Michelle : like, weird strawberry champagne in the fridge.
Michelle : And I just assumed that one of my friends had left it
Michelle : during a dinner party I had before I left.
Michelle : But none of my friends would have bought such a...
Castle : - Cheap bottle of booze. - Exactly.
Castle : So, he makes repairs, leaves hostess gifts.
Castle : He's the Gentleman Squatter.
Beckett : Who killed a man, so don't make him out to be the houseguest of the year.
UNK: Thank you for coming in, Ms. Langford.
Michelle : By the way, that photo in the paper did you no justice.
Michelle : - You're much better looking in person. - There's a picture of you in the paper?
Michelle : So, are you the detective girlfriend?
Beckett : - I'm sorry, the what? - He is such a catch.
UNK: Don't.
Beckett : Show me, now.
Martha : - Romantically involved? - Rumored to be.
Beckett : - What did you tell them? - Nothing! Why would I do that?
Castle : Do you have any idea what this does to my reputation?
Beckett : Your reputation? What about my reputation?
Castle : I am just as upset as you are. I'm on your team!
Castle : This is shoddy journalism, and I am two seconds away
UNK: from canceling my subscription! My subscription.
Beckett : Do you have any idea how hard it is to be a female cop?
Beckett : The last thing I need is for you to give them more ammo to...
Castle : Langford said that the only person who knew she was on vacation
Castle : was her mother, but that's not true.
Castle : If she was actually pretending to be sick,
Castle : the last thing she'd want is newspapers piling up at her front door.
Beckett : She had the papers held.
Castle : Yes, your subscription department, please.
Castle : Anyone with access to vacation-hold information
UNK: would know exactly who was out of town, and for exactly how long.
Castle : Yes, I would like to verify vacation-hold information
Castle : on two of your subscribers, please.
UNK: Who am I? I'm...
Castle : I sometimes forget I'm not actually a cop.