UNK: Beckett.
UNK: Oh, hi, Brad, I...
Beckett : No, no, no, no, it's not too last minute.
Beckett : Actually, my plans for tonight just fell through.
Castle : - Who's Brad? - Hmm.
Esposito : - Must be Lanie's friend. - You know him?
Esposito : Yeah, met him once. Good guy, fireman.
Esposito : Was in the FDNY calendar. Chiseled good looks, rock hard abs.
UNK: And get this, once during a fire, after saving the parents and the kids,
Esposito : he went back in for the puppies.
UNK: - See you then. - Did she just flip her hair?
Esposito : I'm telling you, bro, puppies. Gets them every time.
UNK: Puppies.
Ryan : Yes, Mr. Maitlan? - What?
Castle : - You're smiling. Great. Thank you very much
Ryan : - for your cooperation. - So?
Ryan : Goodbye. Hey.
UNK: We got the Maitlans. We're good to enter.
Ryan : - They're calling the super right now. - Okay, let's go.
Ryan : Stay out here, please, sir.
Esposito : - We'll check the back. - Okay.
Beckett : Well, surprise, surprise.
Beckett : Nothing here to verify Mickey's version.
Castle : Oh, wow! Look at this.
Beckett : Did you find something?
Castle : Yeah, it's an old-fashioned dumbwaiter. You don't see these around anymore.
Castle : Genius, too. The Maitlans have converted it
UNK: into a hidden stereo component cupboard.
Castle : I bet they have an RF remote somewhere.
Beckett : We're not here to admire the place, Castle.
Castle : How can you not? I mean, look at this place.
UNK: This apartment is pre-war, late 1800s.
UNK: Oh, you see this molding.
UNK: That is the original wood, gorgeous.
Castle : I bet the bathrooms have marble wainscoting.
Beckett : You're such a metrosexual.
Castle : Yes, well, better than being a pin-up boy.
Beckett : So you heard? And it's pin-up man, Castle. Pin-up man.
Castle : Yes, well, have fun with your hose-jockey
UNK: I guess that means she must be slumming it.
Beckett : Her being number three and you being a lowly number nine.
Castle : - What number were you again? - Oh!
Esposito : Place is clear.
Ryan : No gun, no ketamine, no mountain climbing equipment.
Ryan : There is nothing here.
Castle : Yes, there is. An icebox, circa late 1800s.
Castle : You see, before the invention of modern household refrigeration,
Castle : people used to keep their perishable items
UNK: in a box that held ice, hence an icebox.
Beckett : It's not an open house, Castle.
UNK: Oh, the Maitlans were very clever.
Castle : They converted this into a cupboard, meanwhile, it's right next to their fridge.
Castle : I did not expect that.
Castle : Crescent-shaped scar.
Castle : Looks like there was some truth to Mickey's tale after all.
Ryan : His name is Anton Francis.
UNK: Mr. Francis here, not wanting to waste such a sinister looking scar,