Beckett : Now that's your problem.
Beckett : My problem is that they left two bodies behind.
UNK: Okay. Fine. You don't want to implicate yourself, I get it.
Beckett : So, I'm simply going to ask, who knew about the shipment?
Beckett : Come on, Mr. Du Preez.
Beckett : Don't you want us to find them? Who knew? Who did you tell?
UNK: Du Preez : - I told no one. - Mr. Du Preez...
UNK: Du Preez : I picked up my cargo at the airport personally,
UNK: Du Preez : and I locked them in my office.
UNK: Du Preez : The next day, they were gone.
UNK: Do you recognize either of these men?
UNK: Du Preez : No. I've never seen any of them in my life. It's the truth.
UNK: Robbing a smuggler. It's almost a perfect crime.
UNK: And the victim can't go to the police without admitting his own crime.
Beckett : Someone knew that shipment was coming in.
Beckett : Someone had it planned. Where are we on Doug's client list?
Esposito : Just to be thorough, we showed their DMV photos to Mickey.
Esposito : None of them were our mysterious Third Man.
Castle : It had to be someone Du Preez would never expect.
Ryan : Someone connected to his pet store in some capacity.
Ryan : An old employee, perhaps.
UNK: He would have to have known the shipment was coming in.
UNK: Yeah, someone who knew his timetable.
UNK: Maybe someone Du Preez had sent to the airport previously
Castle : to pick up a shipment.
Beckett : - Out to the airport. - What was that?
Beckett : Run all of the paperwork from Du Preez's last shipment.
UNK: Customs, Fish and Wildlife, the shipping company, everything.
UNK: I want to know who knew what and when.
Castle : You think someone at the airport caught on to Du Preez's smuggling?
Castle : Decided to rob him instead of report him?
Beckett : Not only that, I think I know who.
Beckett : Mr. And Mrs. Kopek, thank you for coming in so late. Please.
UNK: Mrs Kopek : Sorry it took so long. Stan was at work when you called.
UNK: Oh, right. You said that the last time that you saw your brother
UNK: was at the agency's party around where Stan works.
UNK: Mrs Kopek : That's right.
Beckett : Could you refresh my memory, Mr. Kopek. Where is it that you work?
UNK: It's late. Could you just please tell us what you found out?
Beckett : Well, I didn't really put everything together
Beckett : until I remembered your wife's story about the party. At the airport.
UNK: Mr Kopek : What's this?
Beckett : It's a customs form, Mr. Kopek, authorizing the release of cargo
Beckett : to a Mr. Noel Du Preez, signed by you.
UNK: Mr Kopek : Yeah, so I work for customs. What's the big deal?
UNK: Mrs Kopek : - What's going on, Stan? - I have no idea.
UNK: Sure you do. When you realized what Mr. Du Preez was doing,
Esposito : smuggling diamonds, you said to yourself,
UNK: "Why should I give him up to those ungrateful bastards?
UNK: - "Why not just take care of it myself?" Stan...
Castle : Then all you needed to do was pull the import permits
Castle : from Fish and Wildlife to determine when the next shipment would be.
Castle : But you needed someone with connections to fencing stolen goods.
UNK: And so you contacted Anton Francis, a con man
Beckett : and an old high school buddy who'd been in and out of jail for years.
Beckett : The easy score was money to his ears.
UNK: But you needed to get the Maitlans out of town for a couple of days first.
Castle : And that's when your brother-in-law, Doug, came in.
Castle : What did you do, Stan?
Castle : Did you play on his dreams?
Castle : Tell him he could finally afford that scuba shop he always wanted?
UNK: Mrs Kopek : - Stan, what did you do? - Nothing. Nothing. I don't know...
Beckett : Mrs. Kopek, your husband killed your brother.
UNK: Richard Castle : - That's... - Stan!
UNK: Hon, they're lying! That's ridiculous!
Castle : We have a witness, Mr. Kopek. The squatter you tried to kill
Castle : identified you from a photo array less than an hour ago.
UNK: Michelle Langford : - Oh, God. - No. No. It was...
UNK: Mr Kopek : It wasn't supposed to happen like this.
UNK: Mr Kopek : No one was supposed to get hurt.
UNK: Mr Kopek : Doug, he just... He wouldn't listen. I didn't mean...
UNK: Mr Kopek : Anton, he came after me. That was self-defense. I'm not a killer.
Beckett : We have two bodies that prove otherwise.
UNK: Mr Kopek : It just got out of hand. Things just spun out of control.
UNK: Mrs Kopek : - Get him away from me. - Honey, it's...
Esposito : On your feet.
UNK: Mr Kopek : I did it for us. It was all for us, baby.
UNK: Mickey Carlson : And you guys thought I made the whole thing up.
Castle : I believed you the whole time.
UNK: So, what happens to me now? I go back to the holding cell?
Carlson : Or am I headed to The Tombs?
Beckett : Neither. For your cooperation in the apprehension of Stan Kopek,
Beckett : the ADA has agreed to a deal. Five years probation for all your sins.
Carlson : No jail time?
Beckett : You have a shot at a second chance, Mickey.
Castle : Don't blow it.
Carlson : I won't. Hey, thanks for everything. Really, thank you.
Beckett : All right.
UNK: Oh, man, I can't wait to go home, and just slip into a warm bath and...
UNK: Baby Dyson : - I... - Don't. Please? Don't.
Castle : I was just going to say I'm starving.
Castle : We left the restaurant before I had a chance to finish my entree.
UNK: Yeah, well, it wouldn't have mattered if you did. The portions there were tiny.
UNK: You know, Remy's is open all night. They've got those burgers.
Beckett : Oh, and those shakes.
Beckett : - Oh, why not? - Mmm.
Beckett : So, how did your date go?
Castle : She was kind of boring. Didn't talk much.
Lanie : Mr. July?
Beckett : - A little self-absorbed. - Looked it.
Castle : - Really? - I can tell.
Castle : Some people just don't know how to behave on a date.
Beckett : - Especially on a first date. - Exactly.