Ainsley : If you move it, it'll be without me.
Barton : I know you object, I know you disagree...
Ainsley : Dad. I can't do it.
Ainsley : If this is really about family, you will not do this.
UNK: Morning.
UNK: I got lucky this time.
Wilson : No, you didn't.
Wilson : I made this bet so you'd stop actively trying to fire Park,
Wilson : so you'd be neutral. You went out of your way to help her.
Wilson : She obviously earned your respect, passed whatever test you...
House : I sabotaged her hearing.
House : You do read the school paper, don't you?
UNK: Wilson [chuckles] : If you had sabotaged her hearing,
UNK: Wilson [chuckles] : she would have gotten more than a slap on the wrist.
UNK: Wilson [chuckles] : What you actually did was make her emotional,
UNK: Wilson [chuckles] : and make the board members see her as a victim.
UNK: Because the panel feels badly for
House : incompetent doctors who nearly kill people.
Wilson : You know that everyone on that panel hates you.
Wilson : You know the minute you recommend firing anyone,
Wilson : they start discussing how big a bonus to give them.
House : That's just hurtful.
House : Fact is, winning $100 from you gives me more pleasure
House : than winning $100 from her.
UNK: Here's your 5 grand.
UNK: What 5 grand?
House : Just take it. Trust me.
UNK: I found her sleeping in the park.
UNK: Says she ran away because her daddy didn't love her.
House : And that is exactly what happened as far as you can prove.
Foreman : Congratulations. You're not going to jail. Today.
Foreman : But you do know I just can't let this slide.
UNK: Well, you need to keep up your rep.
House : Fine, clinic hours. I'll double them.
UNK: Okay. Twelve hours a week.
House : No. Three times two equals six.
UNK: And three times two times two is twelve.
Foreman : I know about your deal with Adams.
House : Call Chase and Taub.
UNK: Get them in here. The boys are back.
Foreman : This check is for significantly more
Foreman : than what I told you it would take to fund the department.
Adams : I know.
Adams : You paged me?
UNK: Congratulations.
House : You caught your boyfriend cheating that morning.
House : You had a big fight, that's why you were late.
House : You re-pitched an STD.
UNK: You haven't gone two consecutive minutes
House : without using the word "loyalty",
House : which explains the anger and low self-esteem.
House : And the desire to feel pretty
House : after having been rejected explains the clothes.
Adams : It wasn't my boyfriend.
Adams : It was my husband.
Adams : I was at my lawyer's office signing the divorce papers.
UNK: Wow.
House : I missed the fact that you were married.
Adams : We've been separated for almost a year.
House : So... Old news?
House : No anger left?
House : It's all bought and paid for.