House : For example, our opinions on mental illness.
UNK: 'Cause here, it's considered a normal, treatable condition.
UNK: Ls everything okay?
Barton : Everything's fine.
UNK: House [speaking Mandarin] : I could have you checked into a facility
UNK: House [speaking Mandarin] : that exclusively treats mental disorder.
UNK: How's that sound?
Ainsley : Whatever's gonna get him better.
Barton : Let's try the medication first.
House : You're hired.
House : You guys are gonna love Doctors Chase and Taub.
House : Keep your Nazi sentiments quiet around the little one.
Park : You got the money? How?
House : Patient's a smart businessman.
UNK: But he's destroying thousands of jobs.
House : Jobs are not being destroyed. They're being relocated.
House : The fact that you see that as inherently bad
House : means you're an irrational patriot.
House : To put it another way, a patriot.
Park : Patriotism is natural.
Park : We've always relied on our tribes to keep us safe.
Park : It's helpful for society if its members
Park : have positive feelings about that society.
House : Iranian women? Drag queens in Uganda?
House : Patriotism is nothing but loyalty to real estate.
House : Real estate that's been conquered 800 times by 800 different regimes
House : with 800 different cultures.
House : But each time, it's just the best.
House : I claim this burger in the name of Queen Isabella of Spain.
Adams : I'll go check on the patient.
Adams : I have hepatitis C.
UNK: Park [leaving As Well] : She got it from me.
Ainsley : Hey, how's my dad doing?
Adams : Great. His vision's back to normal
Adams : and if he remains asymptomatic through the night,
Adams : we'll be able to release him in the morning.
UNK: Any chance that could happen before 9 : 00?
UNK: Our stock dropped a couple points today with the news that he's sick.
UNK: I would love for him to get out of here before the market opens.
Adams : No offense, but I think it's terrible your dad's closing down
Adams : all your American operations.
Ainsley : I don't think he's moving the company out of greed.
Ainsley : He's moving it out of grief.
Ainsley : My mom, she died four months ago.
Ainsley : Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma
UNK: and ifs been hard for him.
Ainsley : Living in their house, driving down the same streets.
Ainsley : I mean, he's constantly reminded of her.
UNK: Dad?
Barton : I need an intubation kit in here.
Ainsley : What's going on?
Adams : Angiography showed a hemorrhagic site in the left lower lobe.
Park : I think it could be hyperviscosity syndrome.
Park : Are you sure Foreman's okay with us being in his office?
House : He's never gonna know.
House : He's actually in here right now.
Adams : Blood count and protein count are normal.
Park : I think it could be hyperviscosity syndrome.
House : Sorry, but after Park sent out her hospital-wide
House : non-apology apology this morning,
House : I assume that plagiarism is the new black.
Park : If it makes Andrews look sympathetic...
House : Copying him makes you look pathetic.
House : And I will pay you not to go to anger management classes.
Park : What about another clotting problem?
UNK: Factor V Leiden deficiency.
House : It's possible.
House : Adams is the one who needs to deal with her anger.
Adams : Myelodysplastic syndrome.
House : I heard about your conversation with the patient's daughter.
House : You were hostile.
UNK: Well, their company is making a decision I strongly disagree with.
House : Yet you were never anything but courteous
House : to the racists and rapists in prison.
House : Those guys made decisions you supported?
Adams : Myelodysplastic syndrome.
House : I'm guessing it has something to do with
House : the funeral you attended yesterday morning.
Adams : I was at a job interview.
UNK: You got to work at 9 : 15.
UNK: Closest hospital with an opening
UNK: in your specialty is 45 minutes away.
UNK: It's not possible. My condolences.
Adams : I wasn't at a funeral.
UNK: Well, that just leaves everywhere but a job interview.
UNK: Ortho Doctor : Get out.
House : Who goes there? Reveal yourself.
UNK: Now.
House : Well, we would but orthopedics is still
House : squatting in two thirds of my office.
UNK: Which is weird because you got a large check last night.
Foreman : From a corporation that's going through a very public belt-tightening,