House : Now, if I punched him in the face, that he could prove.
Adams : I remember you saying something
Adams : about how loyalty to real estate was stupid.
House : This is about reclaiming stolen property.
House : Loyalty to real estate is stupid because loyalty is stupid.
Park : First patriotism, now loyalty.
Park : You hate ice cream, too?
House : French vanilla, yeah.
House : To willfully identify yourself with something else
House : is a perversion of self-expression.
Adams : I had a thought.
Adams : Other than the fact that loyalty is the basis
Adams : of all meaningful relationships.
Adams : The daughter said that her mother died of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Adams : What if she was misdiagnosed?
House : Dutch chocolate's not bad. Gotta give them that.
Adams : Her lymphoma could have been caused by a virus, HTLV-1,
Adams : which our patient contracted through having sex with his wife.
House : In other words, loyalty gave him cancer.
House : I like it. Start him on radiation.
UNK: Chang and Eng Bunker, the most famous conjoined twins in history.
UNK: Asian Man : 2011 is the bicentennial of their birth.
House : The best Halloween costumes are always the ones that need an explanation.
House : What took you so long?
UNK: We already lost one of them.
Park : You need help with the lacerations?
House : No. I think I've got palliative.
UNK: House [still Looking At His Laptop Screen] : Why don't you take preventative?
Park : Prevent what? He got in a fight.
House : Which he started, which means he's both irascible and stupid.
UNK: Asian Man : I told the drunk, racist frat guy
UNK: Asian Man : the proper term is "conjoined twin", not "Siamese".
UNK: Well, I can't comment on the drunk or the frat,
House : but Chang and Eng were both, in fact,
House : born in Siam and they were, in fact, twins.
House : If your name was Richard, it'd be okay for me to call you a dick.
UNK: I thought maybe some of the tripe
UNK: you learnt in anger management class
UNK: could help keep this guy out of here the next time.
Park : Sometimes, it's incredibly satisfying to wind up and punch someone
Park : who really deserves it,
Park : but when you think about the consequences...
House : Okay, let's go.
Park : I thought you wanted me to help him with his anger.
House : No. I got everything I need.
UNK: "Sometimes, it's incredibly satisfying to wind up
UNK: "and punch someone who deserves it."
House : Wonder what the committee's gonna make of that.
Adams : I know this is hard and I am sorry about your wife.
Adams : If you'd like to talk to someone
Adams : we do have grief counselors at the hospital.
Adams : You were CEO since 1988.
Adams : You decided to move your company right after your wife died.
Barton : My wife...
Barton : is the only thing that keeps me here.
Adams : So your daughter was wrong.
Adams : You just really need a lot of money.
UNK: A construction company in Japan, founded in the year 578,
UNK: family owned and operated,
Barton : building Buddhist temples for 50 generations.
Barton : Went bankrupt five years ago.
Barton : You have any idea how that last CEO must have felt?
Adams : Your heart rate is speeding up.
Adams : Do you feel any tightness in your chest?
Barton : Yes. I figured it was from the radiation.
Adams : I think you're having a heart attack.
Wilson : Come in.
Park : Dr. Wilson, I need your advice.
UNK: Um...
Park : I bet House $100 that I wouldn't get fired
Park : after my disciplinary hearing.
Park : Ever since then, he's been acting like
House : he's actually trying to get me fired.
Wilson : That's because he is actually trying to get you fired.
Park : Does he hate me?
Wilson : Not sure that's relevant to the equation.
Park : So it's really over $100?
Wilson : Not sure the amount is relevant. He's fighting for his honor.
Park : He'll ruin my career.
UNK: Not sure that's.4.
Park : What if I bet him $200 I will get fired?
UNK: He sees competing bets with the same person as a disgrace to the game.
Wilson : He'll be even more motivated to beat you.
Park : If you were me, what would you do?
Wilson : You have to give him something he values more than honor.
Wilson : And you should update your resume.
Adams : EKG and troponins were equivocal.