House : This would totally suck.
Park : Patient's visited China a lot recently. What about the JBE virus?
UNK: House [still Looking At His Laptop Screen] : Why don't you check his vaccination record
UNK: House [still Looking At His Laptop Screen] : before you make another stupid...
UNK: House [still Looking At His Laptop Screen] : OMFG. 50% off cupcakes.
UNK: House [still Looking At His Laptop Screen] : How sick is the patient? 'Cause this expires today.
UNK: Central serous retinopathy? It's linked to type-A personalities.
House : Funduscopic exam was normal.
House : If you don't let me read my email,
House : then I won't be able to read the email
House : to the entire staff from your ex-boss.
House : Thank you.
House : "Last month, I had an incident involving another PPTH employee.
UNK: "Though I can't speak to the details of the case,
UNK: "while my disciplinary hearing is pending,
UNK: "I want you to know that I have completed
UNK: "voluntary sexual harassment training.
UNK: "And on a personal note, if my actions caused anyone distress,
UNK: "I sincerely apologize."
House : You are so fired.
Park : What? He apologized.
House : What? Because he said he apologized?
House : He's saying he's sorry that someone, namely you,
UNK: overreacted, namely by punching him.
Park : He grabbed my behind.
UNK: The word is it was a celebratory slap after you completed
UNK: your first ever AVM embolization.
Park : He grabbed it, he apologized for grabbing it
Park : and now he's taking classes because he grabbed it.
House : The classes make him sympathetic.
House : Which, in turn, makes his unrepentant attacker evil.
House : Which, in turn, in turn, makes you so fired.
Park : 100 bucks says I won't get fired.
UNK: Oh, you don't want to bet me.
House : Oh, my...
House : You're fired.
UNK: Uh, the bet is... But I thought...
UNK: after...
UNK: then... if only...
Park : The bet's that I'll get fired after my hearing.
House : I'll take that action, too, but you're already a C-note in the hole.
House : You're late.
Adams : Considering I don't work here, arguably, I'm early.
House : Pearl earrings? Knee length dress?
UNK: It's not a very shameful walk of shame.
Adams : I was at a job interview.
House : I hope it went terribly.
Adams : Thad Barton? We only help rich white guys'?
House : I am an equal opportunity exploiter.
House : I only help those who can help myself
House : I have a department to re-fund.
Adams : Atropine poisoning.
Adams : He's moving his company to China
Adams : and his employees are hanging him in effigy.
UNK: They could have moved on to the real thing.
House : Pupils are normal.
UNK: Thyrotoxicosis?
House : Not a terrible idea.
House : I'm gonna go give him PTU and TLC.
House : I have no idea what that second one stands for.
Barton : Things don't seem small anymore. They were...
Barton : I woke up from a nap
Barton : and everything went from really small lo really huge.
House : Well, then these giant balls of medicine are not gonna work anymore.
House : The change actually makes things simpler.
House : Your occipital lobe is acting up, giving you a migraine.
UNK: But I don't have a headache.
UNK: House [getting Rid Of The Pills] : Not all migraines present that way.
UNK: House [getting Rid Of The Pills] : It's called Alice in Wonderland Syndrome.