Adams : It's not even clear if our patient
Adams : just had a heart attack or what it was.
House : Let's look at segmental wall motion abnormalities.
House : Get him an echo to confirm. And I need $200,000.
House : His company's lost one third of its value since he was admitted.
Adams : And you want to do some insider trading?
Adams : I take it felonies aren't a violation of your parole?
House : It's not insider trading. Just betting on myself to solve the case.
House : Once we cure him, share price goes up, I pay you back.
UNK: No.
House : No, you don't say "no" ' you make a counteroffer.
Adams : I'm not loaning my boss money.
UNK: Fine. I'll make a counter. $100,000?
UNK: $20,000?
House : I'll buy options instead of shares. More risk, but more upside.
House : But that's as low as I'm gonna go.
Adams : I could do $5,000.
House : Really? No backsies.
Adams : If you double your clinic hours.
Adams : Six a week.
Adams : I've seen how you disrespect those patients.
House : So you want twice as many of them to be disrespected?
Adams : Spend more hours with them, you'll treat them more humanely.
House : And this time, a land war in Russia will be a good idea.
UNK: Deal?
House : Here's what I'm thinking. You went to a parole hearing
House : where one of your old patients was denied.
House : Hence the attire, hence the tardiness,
House : and most important, hence the anger.
House : You think you can restore the cosmic balance
House : by doing extra good here.
House : More annoyingly by having me do it.
House : And deal.
UNK: Barton [while Cleaning Up] : Of course, you know this means war.
UNK: Ortho Doctor : Oh, I know.
UNK: Ortho Doctor : I mean, you'll escalate and then I'll retaliate,
UNK: Ortho Doctor : and the cycle will continue
UNK: Ortho Doctor : until we've both gone too far.
UNK: Ortho Doctor : At which point, I'll maybe get suspended and you'll go back to prison.
UNK: Ortho Doctor : Happy pranking.
UNK: Patient had V-Tack in the echo lab, so we cathed him,
Adams : but coronary arteries were clean.
Park : If the plumbing's fine, check the electrical. EP study.
House : Nice idea. Even has a metaphor in it.
House : Not worth more than my honor, but delightful all the same.
Park : I'm not going to lose.
Park : My college roommate is the editor of the Yale Law Review.
Park : She's writing my opening statement.
UNK: Well, then you'll be eloquent in your loss.
House : This case boils down to, "He said, she said."
House : He said, "I've been working at this hospital for 15 years
UNK: "and I am taking self-improvement classes."
House : She said, "I've been a fellow for two months
UNK: "and I'm kind of weird."
Park : No, he said, "I'm a drunk idiot
UNK: "who thinks he can grab girls' behinds
UNK: "without ramifications"
Adams : Wait, he was drunk? In the hospital?
Park : I already told Foreman he'd been drinking that night.
House : Andrews was taking sexual harassment classes, not AA.
House : That means he didn't get in trouble for drinking.
House : Which means that Foreman signed off on it,
House : which means that he set all the wheels in motion.
House : Forget that. Wild speculation. Go do the EP study.
Park : You already knew Andrews was drinking that night, didn't you?
UNK: Yes.
Park : I think you should cancel my hearing.
Foreman : I hope this isn't going where I assume it's going.
Park : You're the one who brought Andrews in.
Park : You set the wheels in motion.
Foreman : We had a patient who was going to die without an AVM embolization.
Foreman : Andrews was the only neurologist I could reach.
UNK: He told me he had a few glasses of wine and that he shouldn't do it,
Foreman : but he also said that you were good,
UNK: and you were ready to do one as long as you were supervised.
Foreman : So we agreed that he would come in,
Foreman : but wouldn't touch the patient.
Park : I can understand the rationalization.
Park : We'll see if the board agrees
Park : when I tell them the whole story at my hearing.
UNK: Foreman [sighs] : I already did.
UNK: Foreman [sighs] : I had a closed session hearing last week.
UNK: Foreman [sighs] : The board decided to dock me two weeks' pay.
UNK: Oh.
UNK: You've been working for House for two weeks, it's already too long.
Adams : No sign of any electrical abnormalities in the right atrium.
Park : I'm so dead.
Park : I think House set me up.
Park : Have you sent the committee a character reference for me?
Park : I thought you don't like favors.
Park : I don't like gifts. It wouldn't be a gift,
UNK: it'd just be you telling the truth.
Adams : I hardly know you.