Foreman : means this donation was given under duress.
Foreman : Patient didn't tell me the whole story,
Foreman : but he did say he'd be thrilled if we didn't cash this.
Foreman : Got a policy review meeting in here in five minutes. Goodbye.
Foreman : What are you doing?
House : Holding your ass.
House : You really didn't know? House...
UNK: I was trying to help you out here.
UNK: I figured for sure he'd punch me in the face,
House : thus proving it's a natural response.
House : My God, you have superhuman discipline.
House : And glutes.
Foreman : Get your hands off me.
UNK: Sorry.
UNK: Go.
UNK: Why did you do mm?
House : We have a bet.
Park : But he's the chair of the disciplinary committee.
Park : Forget about the bet.
House : You two really need to do your homework on me.
House : Treat the patient with activated protein C.
Adams : If he has myelodysplastic syndrome, he'll bleed out.
UNK: And if he has Factor V Leiden deficiency, he'll throw another clot.
UNK: Exactly. It's a conclusive test.
House : There's no actual risk.
House : As long as you're both paying attention
House : and are both good enough to work here.
Barton : I hear one of you thinks I'm a real bastard.
Adams : I guess that would be me.
Barton : Your boss uses blackmail and you question my professional ethics?
Adams : Will you be instituting worker safety regulations in your new factories?
Barton : Oh, absolutely.
Adams : What about juice boxes in the break room
Adams : for the children you'll be hiring?
Barton : Charges of child exploitation against American companies
Barton : have been blown way out of proportion.
UNK: My 10-year-old cousin lives near Cebu City, works at an American factory.
Adams : I am so sorry.
Park : It's the best thing for him.
Park : It sucks' but the Filipino factories suck worse.
Park : And the schools would suck if they existed.
Park : So this is the family's best hope.
Park : Are you okay?
UNK: Is it supposed to itch like this?
House : Itching. Interesting.
Adams : Not interesting. Already went away.
House : Doubly interesting.
House : Means we have to explain the arrival and the departure.
UNK: Ooh!
UNK: Ortho Doctor : That's real mature, House. What do you mean?
UNK: It's outlandishly childish. I custom built this puppy.
UNK: House [still Pointing The Light At Him.] : It's got 106 LED's,
UNK: House [still Pointing The Light At Him.] : each one sending light to your eye
UNK: at a slightly different wavelength.
UNK: Ortho Doctor : Turn that off.
UNK: The different wavelengths are stimulating
House : your autonomic nervous system.
UNK: It's making you feel like you're on a boat in choppy waters.
UNK: On, cool.
UNK: You think I'm not.“
UNK: Ortho Doc : You think I'm not gonna go to Foreman with this?
UNK: House [turns Off The Light] : You will and I'll deny it.
UNK: House [turns Off The Light] : He'll believe you, but then these two
UNK: House [turns Off The Light] : believe that the policy of protecting American jobs starts at home,
UNK: House [turns Off The Light] : so they'll never testify against me.
UNK: House [turns Off The Light] : And you won't be able to prove anything.