UNK: Park uncomfortable : It's like...
UNK: Park uncomfortable : It's like it wasn't even me. I would never do something like that.
UNK: Park uncomfortable : Even though I did.
UNK: Park uncomfortable : I'm sorry I'm not making any sense right now.
UNK: Park uncomfortable : I don't know. I just really love being a doctor so much,
UNK: Park uncomfortable : and I barely even have $100 and...
UNK: Park uncomfortable : Please don't fire me.
Ainsley : Is this theory more promising than the others?
Adams : We'll know in a few hours.
Adams : How are you holding up?
Adams : Other than the fact that my dad's in a coma,
UNK: terrible.
Ainsley : Tomorrow morning, I am supposed to sign a piece of paper
Ainsley : that will move the company
Ainsley : and cost thousands of employees their jobs.
Adams : I thought you'd rather see the company
Adams : go under in New Jersey than thrive in China.
Ainsley : It's what my dad wants, and it's still his company.
Ainsley : I'm really just keeping the seat warm.
Ainsley : But unless he wakes up before tomorrow,
Ainsley : it's gonna be my signature on that piece of paper.
Adams : You don't have to sign it.
Adams : I'll let you know when we have the results.
Adams : Biopsy was clean. It's not his liver.
Adams : I also ran the spinal fluid test,
Adams : and you were right that Andrews was wrong.
Adams : His ICP was not normal, it was elevated.
Adams : What about HTLV?
House : We ruled that out three days ago.
Adams : Because of his heart problems. But.“
House : Once something gets taken off the board,
House : I'm the only one who's allowed to put it back on.
UNK: You owe me 106,804 won.
UNK: Park [pointing At House] : Or $100 US.
House : God, but you're petty.
House : Okay. So, two options.
House : Either we figure out what's wrong with this guy,
House : or we figure out how to make this company profitable in New Jersey.
Adams : Eastern equine encephalitis?
UNK: House screaming : Thinking in here.
Park : Brain scans indicate it could be Loa loa disease.
House : Shut it off!
House : Apparently we're allowed to do this now.
UNK: Ortho Doctor : Get out of here, House.
UNK: House thinking : Start the patient on plasmapheresis.
UNK: House thinking : He'll wake up in an hour.
UNK: House thinking : It's been a pleasure having you in the neighborhood.
House : This diagnosis was brought to you by the letter Y.
Ainsley : Dad! God, you're okay.
Barton : I'm thirsty.
UNK: It's a side effect of not dying.
House : Turns out your blood was getting thick and syrupy
UNK: from complexes of large Y-shaped antibodies.
UNK: your blood will be a little less duck sauce, and a little more soy sauce.
Barton : So I'm gonna be completely cured?
House : It's not all about you.
House : Your stock price will be completely cured once you sign this.
House : It's a press release.
House : It says that you're healthy, you're going back to work,
House : and you're signing the lease that officially moves the company to China.
Ainsley : He just woke up. Dad, you don't have to deal with this right now.
UNK: Actually, he does. Because the market opens at 9 : 00 a.m.
UNK: And this means a lotto me.
UNK: You may remember me from the time I saved your life.