UNK: 02 sat is 89. Did we perforate? Is he tamponading'?
Park : Heart rate's only 90 and neck veins are flat.
UNK: Then why isn't he saturating?
House : Seems healthy to me.
House : Let's release him.
House : My option to sell Barton Foods at $34 is about to expire
UNK: 'cause I thought the patient would be better by now.
UNK: Instead, I am going to lose $20,000.
UNK: Twenty?
House : Your five plus the five I stole from Wilson
UNK: plus the 10 I got on margin.
House : You're gonna have to talk to my bankruptcy attorney.
House : Unless... There is a way that you can get your money back.
House : Give me the full $200,000.
Adams : And extrapolating. Tomorrow, you'll owe just shy of a million dollars.
House : It's your own fault. You forced me to go with the options.
House : Your damn anger issues are screwing with my finances.
House : Regular stock this time, nice and safe.
Adams : I'm not angry.
Adams : I don't know if you're trying to make me angry, but...
House : You refuse to bet on yourself. That means low self-esteem.
Adams : So if I give you $200,000, I'll feel smart and pretty?
House : Low self-esteem can be brought on
House : by exposure to one's relatives.
House : Nice clothes and anger, classic symptoms of a family gathering.
House : You were late the other day
House : 'cause you were having breakfast
House : with Grammy Adams or Cousin Itt.
House : She was nagging you about finding a husband.
UNK: Adams annoyed : All right. This is getting annoying.
UNK: Adams annoyed : I'll just tell you what I was... Uh-uh-uh-uh!
House : No spoilers. They ruin everything.
UNK: Park [pointing Behind Her] : Pulmonology was that way.
House : Our patient's lung problem is not a lung problem.
House : It's a brain problem. We're consulting with neurology.
Park : That's my old boss.
Park : You don't actually think this is neurological.
House : I don't know what it is.
UNK: But maybe I should just accept the patient's death
UNK: if getting help would lead to awkwardness.
House : Dr. Andrews, my associates, Doctors Adams and Park.
UNK: Ah.
Andrews : Nice to meet you, Dr. Adams.
Andrews : Hello, Dr. Park.
UNK: House innocently : You two know each other?
UNK: House innocently : It's a small world.
UNK: Dr. Park, maybe you'd like to update our esteemed colleague
UNK: House innocently : on the condition of our patient?
Park : Micropsia, bleeding, tachycardia and difficulty breathing.
UNK: House [opening The Candy Wrap And Leaning Over To Andrews] : Cute butt, huh?
Adams : Can we go now?
UNK: What, you really want to turn your back on this guy'?
House : Sorry. Carry on.
UNK: Uh...
Andrews : Well, it sounds like there could be spinal cord involvement.
Andrews : Have you considered normal pressure hydrocephalus?
House : Okay. Normal pressure hydrocephalus going once.
Andrews : Normal pressure hydrocephalus going twice...
Park : It's not his spinal cord,
Park : it's the wiring between his heart and his brain.
UNK: Autonomic dysregulation syndrome.
UNK: We do a tilt table test, see how his heart rate responds.
Park : That'll confirm.
Andrews : Well, if he has normal pressure hydrocephalus,
Park : a tilt table test could put him in a coma.
Park : Then it's a good thing he has ADS.
House : You really believe in this diagnosis?
House : Because if this is just a pissing contest,
House : you're at a severe anatomical disadvantage.
Park : It's autonomic dysregulation syndrome.
House : No, it's normal pressure hydrocephalus.
House : Do a spinal fluid test to confirm.
Park : We're doing the tilt table.
Adams : That makes sense.
Adams : You'd rather have House fire you than Foreman.
UNK: This bet's gotta be a test, see if I can handle working with him.
Park : I need to prove I have the confidence to disobey him.
Adams : Do you have any medical justification for your diagnosis?
Park : The symptoms fit and Andrews is a hack.
Park : Do you think I'm right?
House : Let's go. No.
Adams : You need to go prepare for your hearing.