Foreman : Means you couldn't find anything.
House : You're right.
House : That's because you haven't done anything stupid,
House : spontaneous, or even vaguely interesting since you were 17.
House : And that's just sad.
Cuddy : I found her in the clinic giving herself IV fluids.
House : At least you could've let her finish. She looks terrible.
Cameron : She has a fresh nightclub stamp on her wrist.
Cuddy : She's in no condition to practice.
House : Unless this is a prelude to an actual spanking,
House : there's no reason for me to be...
Cuddy : I want her to take a drug test.
Thirteen : You can't make me do that.
Cuddy : But I can suspend you until you do.
House : Because she went to a nightclub in her free time?
House : Or because she had sex in her free time?
UNK: The patient was undergoing a routine surgery for RTA.
UNK: I didn't need Thirteen here for that,
House : and I don't need you making my employees punch a clock or pee in a cup.
UNK: Let's go. Come on.
Thirteen : Thank you.
House : By the way, the surgery was not routine,
UNK: the patient stopped breathing, and you missed a differential.
House : You're fired.
Thirteen : What? You just defended me.
House : No, I just prevented you from getting a drug test, probably saved your career.
House : I'm already taking responsibility for one doctor with a drug habit.
Thirteen : I don't have a drug habit.
House : The slutty party girl is fun
House : till she pukes on your shoes, then she's just a pain in the ass.
House : I haven't sat on this couch for four months. It remembers my cheeks.
UNK: I've missed this.
Wilson : Me, too.
Wilson : Me trying to work, you interrupting.
House : Come on, your patients can wait five minutes, get me caught up.
House : Come on. What did you do? Travel?
House : Did you get a new hobby? Did you meet someone?
Wilson : Actually, yes, I sort of started dating someone.
UNK: Great.
House : What does she do? Is she an actress?
Wilson : No. Why would you think that?
House : I just figured you'd want something a little more exciting...
Cameron : She's not...
Wilson : You're gonna find out anyway because you're gonna meet her.
Wilson : She's a prostitute.
Wilson : Used to be. She made some mistakes.
Wilson : Single mom, had some drug issues,
Wilson : but she's so smart.
Wilson : She wants to go to law school,
Wilson : and I told her I'd help her with tuition.
House : How long have you known her?
House : I knew you'd be like this.
House : I asked a question.
Spencer : House, you are a drug addict,
Wilson : you go to prostitutes, you can't be judgmental.
House : And yet...
Wilson : Please, don't do this to me.
Wilson : I was hurting, and I wanted to feel good.
Wilson : I didn't expect it to go this way.
Wilson : Amber said that she wanted me to move on,
Wilson : that she wanted me to be happy,
Wilson : and Debbie makes me happy.
House : If you're happy, I'm...
Foreman : I heard.
Thirteen : Yeah. I'm looking for my ticket back.
UNK: I'm sorry if I upset you. I didn't want to invade your privacy...
Thirteen : It wasn't your fault. Can you get me caught up?
Spencer : You think you're going to find something we didn't?
Thirteen : It's good for the patient, good for me.
Foreman : Films are clean, we ruled out hypertension,
UNK: the guys have her on a treadmill running a methacholine challenge.
Foreman : And I still think you've been acting like an idiot.
Thirteen : I know. Did you talk about whether this lung field looks a little dark?
Foreman : It's probably just overexposed.
Thirteen : Or her diaphragm's a little flat.
Thirteen : Could be a sign of hyperinflation.
Foreman : Suggests a pulmonary obstruction.
Thirteen : Lung cysts, they wouldn't show up on an X-ray.
Kutner : The treadmill test isn't gonna close her airway, it'll make her lungs explode.
Kutner : Her throat's fine.
Kutner : We made her airway collapse, but it's not collapsed.
Thirteen : You ruptured a cyst, her lung collapsed.