UNK: House?
Cameron : I have a case I think you might be interested in.
House : Not now.
UNK: Twenty-six-year-old woman had a tonic-clonic seizure.
House : What about me speeding away says to you "let's chat"?
Cameron : History of fatigue, and two years ago she had a retinal vein occlusion.
House : She's diabetic.
Cameron : No, she's not, and she has no history of hypertension.
House : It can wait.
UNK: I knew I should have set up the video camera. Stay there.
House : Oh, my goodness, I played a practical joke on my best friend,
House : and he's badly injured.
UNK: Wish I'd learnt this valuable lesson earlier.
House : I was waiting by my window for an hour. Why are you late?
Wilson : I had a breakfast meeting at Mickey's Diner
Wilson : with the Mercy people to tell them
Wilson : I'm coming back to work here.
Wilson : Sorry if it interfered with your plan to maim me.
Wilson : Donut's a nice touch.
UNK: That's just my way of saying welcome back.
Cameron : The seizure could be the result of dehydration or something neurological.
House : Or the Ecstasy you found in her system.
Cameron : According to Dr. Hadley, the patient took the drugs
Cameron : about five hours before the seizure, so...
UNK: How does Thirteen know about it?
Cameron : Apparently, she was with the patient last night.
UNK: At 3 : 00 a. M?
House : Oh, yeah.
House : Maybe there is a God.
House : Empty, transient sex?
House : I've been waiting for you to spiral out of control
House : ever since you got your Huntington's diagnosis,
House : but this is more than I dared hope for.
UNK: The patient's seizure resulted from dehydration,
Thirteen : which resulted from a cocktail of alcohol and ecstasy.
Thirteen : Mystery solved.
Foreman : Wait, were you doing drugs?
Thirteen : Not diagnostically relevant.
UNK: That's what we're trying to diagnose.
House : It's how steep of a spiral you're on.
Taub : Our patient hemorrhaged into her eye two years ago.
Thirteen : Also not diagnostically relevant.
Cameron : Retinal vein occlusion was fixed.
Thirteen : Her doctor said it was a venous anomaly.
House : Is he in this room? Because if he's not, I don't care what he thinks.
House : Unless he's a she, and she was there last night, too,
House : in which case, I care very deeply.
Foreman : What if the eye problem wasn't with her vein, but with her blood?
UNK: It would explain why she seized, why she's always tired.
UNK: She parties until 3 : 00 a.m., that's why she's always tired.
House : Yet, you seem fine.
Thirteen : She's visited four other doctors in the past year,
Thirteen : none of them found anything.
Thirteen : She's a hypochondriac who drank too much.
Kutner : Blood clots could explain everything.
Taub : Makes sense. Bone marrow's in overdrive, too many platelets. Sorry.
House : Thirteen, go stick a needle in your girlfriend's pelvis.
House : And, no, that one wasn't a metaphor.
House : Suck out some marrow. That one was.
House : I like to watch.
Thirteen : I can handle this alone.
House : You've already handled it,
House : that's why you need a chaperone.
House : Of course, I'm a very permissive, understanding chaperone,
House : so feel free to ignore me,
House : you know, if you're in the mood to start kissing or groping or showering...
Thirteen : You'll have to excuse Dr. House, he mistakes immaturity for edginess.
Spencer : You're Dr. House?
House : I assume my name came up last night in the form of a moan.
House : You had sex, then a seizure.
House : Could be a particular position or activity that set it off.
House : That sounds like a valid medical theory, doesn't it?
Thirteen : I'm really sorry, just ignore him.
Spencer : Whatever you think we did, we did. And then some.