Taub : CT shows one more calcification
Taub : near the superior pyramid on the left kidney.
Chase : See it.
Foreman : That thing you were hoping House didn't find at your place.
Foreman : I found it.
Foreman : You did the CAG test two weeks ago.
Foreman : A number this high means you have less time than you thought.
Foreman : It's understandable you'd be upset.
UNK: It doesn't mean you have to self-destruct.
Thirteen : It's not noble for you to protect me from House
Thirteen : if you're just going to judge.
Foreman : There are things you should be doing,
Foreman : working out, improving balance and coordination...
Thirteen : Yeah, that sounds like a blast.
Thirteen : I'm having fun, cramming as much life into my life as I can.
Foreman : You're doing drugs, staying up all night, having sex with strangers.
Thirteen : It sounds fun to me.
Thirteen : Good night.
Chase : Close the incisions.
Taub : She won't even have a scar.
UNK: Her O2 Sats are dropping.
Taub : Did you nick something?
UNK: The procedure was clean, BP's strong.
Taub : Well, she's not breathing. We need to intubate.
Taub : The breathing problem started after we fixed her kidney problem,
Taub : means the RTA isn't the underlying cause.
House : Where's Thirteen?
Foreman : Traffic's bad, she's probably just...
House : Not here.
Taub : It's not her lungs. No masses, no infiltrates.
House : Her lungs are working, but she still can't breathe.
Kutner : Distribution plant can't distribute
Kutner : if it's not getting deliveries.
Kutner : If her lungs are fine, maybe the problem's in the supply line,
Kutner : airway collapse.
Taub : That could signal autoimmune or some kind of dystrophy as the underlying cause.
UNK: There's only way to find out if her airway failed. Make it happen again.
House : Stick Thirteen's carpet cleaner on a treadmill, methacholine challenge.
House : And someone find the carpet.
Thirteen : Exam going on, 15 minutes.
Cuddy : Morning, Dr. Hadley.
Foreman : Just spoke to my brother.
House : And by brother you mean...
Foreman : I mean, my parents' other son.
House : Wow, same dad.
UNK: He got a call last week from your PI.
Foreman : You lied. You did have me investigated.
Foreman : You've been taunting the team with what you've learnt,
Foreman : but you never came after me.