House : - His arteries are clamping down. - I want everybody out of here now!
House : Get the crash cart. He's having a cardiac arrest.
UNK: - Get it set up. - All right.
Cuddy : Get them out!
Cuddy : Everyone. I want everyone out of here now!
UNK: Clear.
Cameron : Come on, Sebastian.
UNK: Clear.
Cuddy : I've got sinus rhythm.
House : That is not TB. Compelling television.
Sebastian : - Do whatever tests you want. - I want to treat you for TB.
House : Dr. Cameron found low sugar in your cerebrospinal fluid.
House : - It's a classic finding of TB. - Oh, now you think TB's the problem?
UNK: No.
House : If TB caused cardiac arrest on a hot day,
House : your work in Africa would be even more futile than it already is.
Sebastian : Can you get to your point, please?
UNK: That whiteboard in my office, we're up to about a dozen symptoms now.
House : Cardiac arrest, clearly not TB.
House : CSF sugar clearly is TB.
House : The rest of them could go either way.
House : Unless we know which ones are which, I can't diagnose you.
Sebastian : I'll take any other tests or treatments you might want to prescribe.
House : So you're not special, but TB is.
Sebastian : People die of TB because we let them. It's our choice.
House : People die of malaria because we let them. They die of dysentery. They...
UNK: - No, TB's my disease. - You own a disease?
House : Well, I'm sorry I missed the IPO on dengue fever.
UNK: Look, I know I have a way about me, and I know I piss a lot of people off.
Sebastian : And a whole lot more I just annoy.
Sebastian : But you're the first person that I've ever met
Sebastian : who I think is actually annoyed by what I do.
Sebastian : Do you think I'm not saving any lives, or is that a bad thing?
House : Right now, I'm just trying to save your life.
Sebastian : Or do you just have a problem with hope?
Sebastian : You know, the difference between our jobs is not numbers or styles.
UNK: It's that I know I'm gonna fail. Even if I save a million people,
UNK: there's gonna be another million. You couldn't handle that.
Sebastian : I think you resent anyone who can.
House : Can't we just agree that you're incredibly annoying?
House : Take the pills, or I'll let you die,
House : do an autopsy, call my own press conference
House : and make sure the world knows that you didn't die of TB.
House : Corporate sponsors will be disappointed, but they'll find another disease.
Sebastian : Why would you do that?
House : Because I'm just a mean son of a bitch.