House : I can't remember how to do "walk the dog".
UNK: The guy's sick, maybe dying.
UNK: And you've forgotten all about doing a differential diagnosis.
Cameron : - You just sent us off to test him... - Well, I had to get him out of there.
House : Now we can all sit around and call him an idiot.
House : - Who wants to go first? - He's right.
Cameron : Tuberculosis could present hundreds of different ways.
House : Well, by that logic, everyone in the hospital should be treated.
UNK: Not everybody in the hospital has been exposed to it for the last 20 years.
House : TB takes years to kill you.
House : Two weeks ago, he was perfectly healthy.
UNK: Now he's got a whiteboard full of symptoms.
Chase : What about something metabolic?
House : Welcome aboard the Good Ship Ass-Kisser.
House : Nice day for a sail. Pucker up, me hearties.
Cameron : It's not metabolic. Kidney, liver and thyroid are all normal. No diabetes.
Chase : - What about his heart? - Obviously big as all outdoors.
UNK: Abnormal heart rhythm. Wave forms show PR variability.
House : It's subtle, but it's there.
Foreman : You think it's his heart? Sick sinus syndrome?
House : Loose throttle. Sometimes beats too fast, sometimes too slow.
Chase : - Causing him to pass out. - It would account for the episode.
UNK: I'll put him on telemetry, do a stress test and an echocardiogram.
House : Treat him like every other hospital patient.
UNK: I want to see that pious, body-powdered tush hanging out of his gown.
Sebastian : Could you give me a hand with this thing?
Sebastian : I don't recall asking for a stress test or an echocardiogram.
UNK: What are you gonna do, walk out?
Cameron : Corporate sponsors aren't gonna like that.
Cameron : I need your forearm.
Sebastian : What's House thinking?
Foreman : Sick sinus syndrome.
Sebastian : Well, that's a lot more serious than TB.
Sebastian : Is that a PPD?
UNK: If it changes color in the next 48 hours...
Sebastian : Yeah, if House doesn't think it's TB, why would he have you test for that?
Cameron : Just covering all his bases, I guess.
UNK: Uh-huh.
Sebastian : He doesn't seem like a guy who does that.
UNK: We have you scheduled for a 10 : 30 echo.
Sebastian : Good for you.
House : Every minute that we refuse to love one another,
House : another puppy cries another tear.
UNK: You're just mad because he's closer to a Nobel Prize than you are.
House : And yet I've nailed more Swedish babes. Crazy, crazy world.
Wilson : It's not just a trip to Stockholm, you know.
Wilson : It comes with a cash prize.
UNK: Seriously?
UNK: No wonder everybody's going after that peace thing.
Wilson : He cures thousands of people every year.
Wilson : You cure what, 30?
House : McDonald's makes a better hamburger than your mother because they make more?
Wilson : Oh, I see.
Wilson : So you hate him because the lives he saves aren't as good as the lives you save?
UNK: Yeah, that's the reason.
House : Nobel invented dynamite. I won't accept his blood money.
Mandy : The top of my head's killing me.
House : We spent a week doing "top of head" in anatomy.
House : I know just where it is.
Mandy : - That is not the top of my head. - Close enough for clinic.
House : Your sinuses are clogged.
House : Judging by the scratches on your hands, I'm guessing a new cat.
Mandy : It was my mother's. She's dead.
House : You keep a dead cat?
Mandy : No. My mother's dead.
House : Poor cat. You're allergic.
House : We can control it with antihistamine.
House : - One pill a day. - Pills?
House : You don't like to swallow. Not surprised.
House : Forget the pills. We'll give you a nasal spray.
UNK: Steroids?
Mandy : Is there something else you can give me?