UNK: Everybody in Africa's got cell phones and running water.
House : This thing just will not flush.
Sebastian : Do you really think that if you come in here and make it a little hot,
Sebastian : make it smell a little,
UNK: that I'm just gonna fold and abandon everything that matters to me?
House : Lousy sanitation over there, too.
House : You are not the same as them. Your life is not the same.
House : And you're cheapening everything they're going through by pretending you are.
Sebastian : I am the same. I'm not special.
House : You can't demand to be treated like any Third World sick person
House : - and call a press conference! - They treat me special!
Sebastian : That doesn't mean I am.
UNK: And what kind of selfish jerk wouldn't take advantage of that fact?
Sebastian : It's all preventable.
Sebastian : Stoia Tucker makes medications right here in New Jersey.
Sebastian : They have warehouses full of the stuff. There's more than enough to go around.
Sebastian : So if I can get them, why can't Lemma?
Sebastian : Why can't Quesmo? And why can't Sarni?
Sebastian : Another person just died. Where is your outrage?
Sebastian : No, I have no intention of martyring myself.
Sebastian : I'm just putting myself...
House : Sure, they're dying, but it's got a great beat.
Wilson : Must be hot as hell under those lights.
UNK: - Yep. - Hey, why the page?
Foreman : - He okay? - He's in a coma.
House : I need you to apologize to Ceci, Cecily.
Foreman : - Mrs. Carter? For what? - For whatever I did.
Foreman : - You didn't do anything. - That has been my position all along.
UNK: His chestx-rays are negative, so he's not contagious at this point.
Cuddy : His condition is currently stable.
UNK: Do you ever notice how all the self-sacrificing women in history,
UNK: Joan of Arc, Mother Teresa,
House : can't think of any others, they all die alone.
House : The men, on the other hand, get so much fuzz it's crazy.
Wilson : It's an unfair world.
Foreman : House, she was scared and unreasonable.
House : Insulting a woman with breast cancer,
House : that's a move best left to the pros. Frankly, you don't have the chops.
Foreman : I didn't insult her! I did the unnecessary biopsy like she wanted.
Foreman : It was negative like I knew it would be.
UNK: What'd you do, call them perky?
House : You are years away from mad skills like that.
House : I need you to apologize.
Foreman : Cuddy's only doing this because she thinks it's you.
House : Welcome to the world.
House : Everyone's different, everyone gets treated different.
UNK: And you try fighting that, you wind up dying of TB.
Cameron : What are you doing?
House : Testing the patient's autonomic nervous system.
Sebastian : Of course.
House : His internal heating and ventilation should be off.
UNK: He shouldn't be able to sweat.
House : That's why he's got that awful body powder.
House : Take it away, crank up the heat, stick him under the lights,
UNK: he can't cool himself. He should be turning bright red.
Wilson : The picture's fine.
UNK: Yeah.
Sebastian : I'm asking Stoia Tucker
Sebastian : to save these lives, millions of lives,
Sebastian : including my own.
Sebastian : Dr. House, I would appreciate it if you left us...
Sebastian : Get that out of my face.
Sebastian : What are you trying to prove, House?
Sebastian : Dr. House, I would appreciate it if you left the room while...
House : He's sweating like a pig.
UNK: It's 100 degrees in here, House, because you turned up the thermostat.
Sebastian : Did they hear me? The media, did they listen?
House : - He's disoriented. - They have to hear me.