Sebastian : Lemma, big Knicks fan.
Foreman : You've never had an episode like this before?
Sebastian : No. He died last month.
Sebastian : Stupidly tried to share his meds with his cousin,
Sebastian : and they only had enough for one.
Sebastian : Dr. House, I'm Sebastian Charles.
House : Patients aren't usually part of the diagnostic process.
Sebastian : Well, I'm a doctor.
Sebastian : Listen, I know you guys don't make a lot of money...
Cameron : I wrote your people a check last month.
Sebastian : Oh, well. Write us another one.
Foreman : - Talk to Chase. He's rich. - My dad, not me.
Sebastian : Every minute four people die of TB.
UNK: Wow! How can you sleep at night?
UNK: There's people dying in Africa of a disease that we cured over...
House : Yeah, I know. I saw the concert.
UNK: Seriously. Let's see, you sleep six hours. That means every night you kill
House : 1,440 people.
House : I guess you got to get some sleep, but come on.
House : If you'd stayed up another 10 minutes, you could have saved 40 lives.
House : Do you send notes to the families in the morning?
UNK: That's gonna take at least 10 minutes.
House : So that's another 40 dead, another 40 notes.
House : Why don't you go wrack yourself with guilt in your own room?
Sebastian : No, thanks. I'll stay. I'd like to hear the differential.
House : Dr. Cameron, tell the doctor why it's not a good idea for the patient to be here.
Cameron : He's an immunologist and a TB expert.
House : That'll be very useful if we need somebody to say the words,
House : "I think it's TB".
House : What is that?
Sebastian : Oh, that. I'm sorry, that's my body powder.
Sebastian : It's the only thing I've found that works in the Sahara.
Sebastian : I'm kind of used to it. I don't even notice it.
House : Who thinks it smells like an elephant-dung smoothie?
Cameron : It smells okay to me.
House : That is exactly why the patient shouldn't be in the room.
House : If you can't tell a man that his cologne makes you want to puke,
UNK: how are you gonna tell him that he's an idiot?
Cameron : He's not an idiot.
House : Sure, you say that now, while he's in the room.
Sebastian : Look, I don't have time for this. It's TB.
UNK: Nope. The symptoms are too varied.
Sebastian : Well, if you haven't seen 10,000 cases, I agree that's what you'd think.
UNK: I told you he's an idiot.
House : - You said you wanted a second opinion. - No, actually,
Sebastian : my backers wanted a second opinion.
House : Yeah, doesn't look good if you drop dead while wearing your shoe sponsor's logo.
Sebastian : It's TB and I'm not dying. I'm gonna want you to plant a PPD
UNK: and induce a sputum to confirm the TB.
Sebastian : Imaging studies will determine the progress,
Sebastian : and I think we should probably take a CT scan of my lungs
UNK: - just so that nobody second guesses us. - Wouldn't want that.
Sebastian : Hello? No, I'm feeling much better.
Sebastian : Well, what you can do is, you can get your board to approve
Sebastian : the increased med shipments that... Sorry.
UNK: No, don't, don't, don't try. No, don't do your best.
Sebastian : Just get it done, okay?
Sebastian : That's Stoia Tucker, and they're the nice pharmaceutical company.
Sebastian : I'm sorry, but it's against hospital regs.
Sebastian : Oh, I need the phone.
Chase : Why don't we focus on getting you better right now?
UNK: - What'll you do, throw me out? - No, just the phone.
Chase : Sorry. We've got an emergency.
UNK: Got to go.
Cameron : - There's a phone in your room. - Yeah, I figured that there would be.
Cameron : Right. I just thought...
Cameron : It's not like the hospitals you may be used to in Africa.
Cameron : I don't know what the facilities were like, so...
Sebastian : Thank you.
Cameron : You're welcome.
Sebastian : And thanks for that check.
Cameron : I should go.
House : The nameless poor have a face, and it's a pompous white man.
Cameron : Yeah, what a jerk, saving all those lives like that.
Foreman : What's the emergency?