Ryan : I don't think they put much effort into it.
UNK: Lyla's car is still at the impound pending the trial.
Beckett : We can still have CSU print the seat controls.
Castle : What a great detail for a murder mystery.
Beckett : Only if we get a print.
Castle : Yes, otherwise we'll just be looking for tall people.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Dad?
UNK: Hey.
Castle : Everything all right?
Alexis : I'm sorry for yelling at you last...
UNK: Eddie Mcusic : No, no. I...
Castle : I violated your trust. I shouldn't have spied on you.
Castle : It was wrong.
Castle : And I want you to see this.
Castle : I am deleting that app now and forever.
UNK: Okay?
UNK: Gone.
UNK: So, I'm sorry.
Castle : Forgive me?
Alexis : But will you forgive me?
UNK: Sandy Jenkins : Of course.
Castle : So, tell me, what happened in Williamsburg?
Alexis : Two days ago, a bunch of us went to Keena's of Brooklyn.
Alexis : It's a boutique.
Alexis : And my friends thought it'd be cool if we all took a couple of things.
Castle : You shop...
Castle : You were shoplifting?
UNK: No. I couldn't, but my friends did, and they said I was chicken.
Castle : So you went back to finish the job to impress your friends.
Alexis : No, I went back to pay for what they stole.
Alexis : I couldn't just let someone get cheated like that.
Alexis : I took money out of my savings and went back to the store.
Alexis : When I got there, I put cash on the counter with a note
Alexis : and ran out as fast as I could.
UNK: Hank Ponzell : I don't know whether to be angry or proud.
Castle : What friends were you with?
UNK: It doesn't matter.
Castle : Well, of course it matters.
Alexis : Who I was with is off the table.
UNK: I'm not gonna narc on them.
Castle : Again, angry and proud.
Castle : One question, though.
Castle : If you didn't take anything, why did you feel responsible?
Alexis : Because they're my friends.
Alexis : I guess somebody had to.
Alexis : It was the right thing to do.
Castle : Don't you think they should be the ones paying?
UNK: Dad.
Castle : Why are you even friends with these girls in the first place?
Alexis : It's not that simple.
Castle : No, you're right.
Castle : It never is, is it?
Alexis : I'm sorry.
Alexis : No, Detective Beckett, stay. I was just leaving.
Alexis : It won't happen again, Dad.
UNK: Promise.
Beckett : You okay?
Castle : Sometimes, ignorance is bliss.
Beckett : Tell me about it.
Castle : Is that the CSU report?
Beckett : Two sets of prints on the seat controls.
UNK: Otis' are on the seat up button.
Castle : And on the seat back?
UNK: Take a look for yourself.
Castle : You gotta be kidding me!
Beckett : This is the fingerprint that we pulled off
UNK: of Lyla Addison's car seat controls,
Beckett : and this is your fingerprint that we have on file.
Beckett : They are a match.
UNK: Eddie Mcusic : - There must be some mistake. - There is no mistake.
UNK: You were in Lyla Addison's car the night that she was killed.
UNK: I didn't even know Lyla.
Castle : Yeah, you did.
Castle : We showed your picture around.
Castle : You're a bartender at the Kiwi Seven Lounge.
Castle : They pay you under the table cash.
UNK: Lyla was a silent partner.
UNK: You still wanna go with the story that you don't know her?
Beckett : I think that you killed her and then you dumped her body in her trunk.
Castle : What you didn't count on
Castle : was the guilt.
Castle : You had to get it off your chest, so you told Joe.
Castle : But your brother, he was an honorable man.
Beckett : He wasn't gonna rat you out,
Beckett : but he wasn't gonna let an innocent man go to jail for life.
Castle : So he called the DA.
Castle : When that didn't work, he got on the jury, but you...
Castle : You found out.
Castle : And you realized you wouldn't be safe as long as he was alive.
Beckett : And then you slipped into his apartment
Beckett : and you dosed his meds with cyanide.
Beckett : Dosed his meds?
Castle : Making you the worst brother since Cain.
UNK: Eddie Mcusic : That isn't what happened.
Beckett : Then what happened?
UNK: Okay.
Beckett : Wait. Wait.
UNK: Wait!
UNK: Eddie Mcusic : I was there, but I didn't kill her.
UNK: Eddie Mcusic : And I didn't kill my brother.
UNK: Eddie Mcusic : But it doesn't really matter what I say,
UNK: Eddie Mcusic : you won't believe me anyway.
UNK: Well, considering your other choice is murder one, I would roll the dice.
UNK: Stephen killed Lyla.
UNK: Eddie Mcusic : Stephen Addison, her brother.
UNK: Eddie Mcusic : And we had talked about Joe's condition.