UNK: Eddie Mcusic : Stephen must've seen Joe on that jury and killed him, too.
UNK: Stephen and Lyla were a pair of rich, spoiled, coke fiends
UNK: Eddie Mcusic : who needed to make a drug run, so they had me drive.
UNK: Eddie Mcusic : Stephen screwing around with this gun.
UNK: Eddie Mcusic : This little trust fund gangster thinks he's so badass
UNK: till we hit a pothole, and bang!
UNK: The gun went off and hit Lyla.
UNK: Eddie Mcusic : She died instantly.
UNK: Eddie Mcusic : I freaked.
UNK: Eddie Mcusic : But Stephen threatened to point the finger at me if I told the truth.
UNK: Eddie Mcusic : in a dumpster.
UNK: Eddie Mcusic : And I went to see Joe at his fundraiser,
UNK: Eddie Mcusic : and I told him what happened.
UNK: He said we couldn't leave Lyla in a trunk like that.
UNK: Eddie Mcusic : But by the time Joe got there,
UNK: Eddie Mcusic : the cops had already pulled over that black guy.
UNK: Eddie Mcusic : So Joe went to that dumpster
UNK: Eddie Mcusic : and got Stephen's bloody clothes as insurance.
Castle : That must be what Joe sent to the DA.
UNK: Eddie Mcusic : It's all my fault.
UNK: Eddie Mcusic : My brother's dead and it's all my fault.
Beckett : We can place Stephen at Lyla's bar that night.
Beckett : But without physical evidence, all we have is Eddie's word.
Beckett : What do you think we should do, sir?
Montgomery : I'm sorry, Detective.
Castle : It looks like there's nothing you can do.
Castle : What are you saying? We just let him get away with it?
Montgomery : Did I say that?
UNK: Sir, where are you going?
Montgomery : To see an old friend.
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : Hey. How'd you get in here?
Montgomery : Used my key to the city.
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : You want a drink?
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : I just got my hands on this brilliant
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : bottle of 1875 Saint Miriam.
Montgomery : I need that package, Lou.
Montgomery : The one Joe McUsic sent you.
Montgomery : I know you didn't get rid of it. It's not your style,
Montgomery : not the Louis Karnacki I know.
UNK: A word of advice, Roy. Just...
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : Let this one pass you by.
UNK: Did you know Lyla Addison was murdered by her brother?
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : First rule of being a lawyer
UNK: is never ask a question you don't want an answer to.
UNK: I guess it's good I'm not a lawyer.
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : Yeah, well, that's the problem with you cops.
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : You live on the corner of black and white.
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : But over here, on this side of the street, it's just gray.
Montgomery : You just put an innocent man up for murder. What's gray about that?
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : Otis Williams, what,
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : theft, aggravated assault, attempted murder.
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : That's just the stuff we got him on.
UNK: But he didn't kill Lyla, Lou. He didn't kill her.
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : It's for the greater good, Roy.
UNK: What?
Montgomery : Your run for the mayor's office?
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : Think of what I can do for this city when I'm elected.
UNK: Now, it takes money to get there.
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : And the Addisons are keeping the war chest well-stocked.
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : It's just how it's played.
Beckett : You know that.
UNK: Listen to me. Roy, listen to me.
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : Roy Montgomery, Police Commissioner.
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : Now, when I am elected, I will appoint you. I promise.
UNK: You have my word on that.
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : Think of what we could do for this city.
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : You gotta let this go.
UNK: Please.
Montgomery : Give me the package Joe McUsic sent you,
Montgomery : and I'll put in a good word for you.
Beckett : Preliminary lab results indicate that Stephen's clothes
UNK: had Lyla's blood on it.
Castle : Eddie was telling the truth.
Beckett : And CSU found traces of cyanide in Stephen's apartment.
Montgomery : Young Mr. Addison is going down for both murders,
Montgomery : negligent homicide for his sister and murder one for Joe McUsic.
Castle : What happens to Eddie?
Montgomery : We'll charge him with accessory after the fact,
Montgomery : but I'll push for probation.
Montgomery : I'll call the DA...
UNK: Or whoever the mayor appoints as acting DA.
Beckett : Sir, I'm sorry about your friend.
UNK: Yeah.
Montgomery : I mean, Lou screwed up.
Montgomery : He did. But that doesn't take away from the good he's done.
Castle : It's unfortunate that despite all that good,
Castle : he's only gonna be remembered for this one bad thing.
UNK: Nice work, you two. Good night.
Castle : So, plans with Josh tonight?
Beckett : No, he's on shift.
Beckett : I was thinking of sneaking off to the Angelika.
Beckett : Oh, my gosh. Castle, this is the movie that inspired those two.
Beckett : That's it. I'm taking you. My treat.
UNK: Oh, no, no. I have plans.
UNK: No, not anymore.
UNK: All right, well, can I have candy and popcorn?
UNK: Sure. Castle, you're gonna love this.
Beckett : This is Leslie Nielsen before he became a comic genius.
UNK: Wardell Williams : - Really? - Yeah.
Castle : Can we stop at Remy's for burgers after?
Beckett : Now you're pushing it.
UNK: I'm kidding.
UNK: So, it starts off at the beginning of the 23rd century.
UNK: There's Robby and there's Alta,
UNK: and Leslie's character falls in love...