Beckett : Yeah, for now.
Beckett : Ryan, you find anything yet?
Ryan : Not yet. The building has a lot of cameras.
Ryan : Even though we have a very narrow time frame,
UNK: it's gonna take a couple of hours to get through all of it.
Esposito : Maybe we're wrong about the defendant.
Esposito : Maybe we should be looking at a juror.
Beckett : What do you mean?
UNK: Tony Muller, Juror number four.
Esposito : He's been missing since the murder.
UNK: He was a no-show for one of our interviews,
Esposito : he's not answering his cell,
Esposito : and neighbors saw him leave his apartment with an overnight bag.
UNK: All right, keep an eye out for him on the video.
Esposito : I already got an APB out.
Beckett : - You do? - Mmm-hmm.
UNK: Good.
UNK: Beckett,
Montgomery : the brother of your dead juror's here.
UNK: I thought courtrooms are supposed to be safe.
Beckett : I'm so sorry, Mr. McUsic.
Beckett : We're doing everything we can to figure it out.
UNK: I mean, who would want to hurt Joe?
Beckett : Well, you know, it might not have to do with your brother.
Beckett : It might have to do with the jury that he served on.
UNK: Did you know that he was assigned the Addison trial?
UNK: No.
UNK: Eddie Mcusic : No, I just knew he had jury duty.
Beckett : Can you think of any reasons why your brother might have been biased
Beckett : either toward or against the defendant?
UNK: Eddie Mcusic : When he was a kid, my brother had a few scrapes with the law,
UNK: Eddie Mcusic : but he cleaned his life up.
UNK: Eddie Mcusic : He believed in second chances.
UNK: Eddie Mcusic : That's why he ran the halfway house.
UNK: Eddie Mcusic : What he didn't believe in were third, fourth, fifth chances.
UNK: Eddie Mcusic : He'd been out there long enough
UNK: to know that some folks can't be rehabilitated.
Beckett : Do you know if your brother had any problems with anyone at work?
Beckett : I mean, given the kinds of people that he dealt with?
UNK: Eddie Mcusic : No. Joe had a way with folks.
UNK: Eddie Mcusic : He'd look out for people.
Castle : You think Joe was chosen at random?
Castle : Or do you think he was killed because of his background?
Beckett : Well, since this isn't, in fact, a Grisham novel,
Beckett : I thought I'd keep an open mind.
Beckett : Hey, Ryan, can you look into Joe McUsic's halfway house?
UNK: See if he had problems with anyone there.
UNK: I already spoke with the staff. They don't remember any conflicts,
Ryan : but they're sending over a list of residents in case.
Esposito : Yo! Our missing juror?
Esposito : Troopers picked him up crossing the GW Bridge.
Esposito : They're bringing him in now.
Beckett : You were leaving town in a hurry, Mr. Muller. Any reason why?
UNK: Tony Mueller : Isn't it obvious? I'm marked for death, man.
UNK: Tony Mueller : Marked for death?
UNK: Tony Mueller : I didn't ask for jury duty, I was summoned.
UNK: It said show up at this time, at this place.
UNK: It failed to mention that the defendant's homeboy was gonna kill me.
UNK: Tony Mueller : The defendant's homeboy?
UNK: Tony Mueller : Yeah. This big scary black guy.
UNK: Exactly what happened, Mr. Muller?
UNK: Tony Mueller : Yesterday this guy follows me into the courthouse bathroom
UNK: Tony Mueller : and starts chatting me up about the trial.
Beckett : Did he give you his name?
UNK: No, no, but he was going on and on about how Otis Williams is innocent.
UNK: Tony Mueller : And how he's being railroaded by the system.
UNK: Tony Mueller : And then this morning, I see the same guy
UNK: Tony Mueller : on the defendant's side of the gallery,
UNK: Tony Mueller : in the front row, eyeballing me.
Beckett : Have you ever seen him with Joe?
UNK: Tony Mueller : Yes! Which is why when I saw Joe bite it, right in front of me,
UNK: Tony Mueller : I knew I was next.
UNK: Tony Mueller : And why should I die?
UNK: Tony Mueller : I was only trying to fulfill my civic responsibilities.
UNK: Thank you for coming in, Mr. Muller.
Beckett : Now, do you think you'll be able to describe him to our sketch artist?
UNK: Tony Mueller : He's a big scary black guy.
UNK: It might help it if you're just a little more specific.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Look, like I said, he's... He's a big scary black guy
UNK: Tony Mueller : named Wardell Williams,
UNK: Tony Mueller : the defendant's cousin.
Beckett : I didn't... I thought you didn't know who he was.
UNK: Tony Mueller : I didn't. But there he is.
Ryan : Are you sure?
Beckett : - Yeah. - Why?
Ryan : While you guys were in the box with Mr. Muller,
Ryan : I found this on courthouse surveillance.