Beckett : That's before he even got to the courthouse.
Castle : Which means the killer probably wasn't there either.
Beckett : So then Joe's death might not have anything to do with the trial.
Castle : Well, we learned three very important things.
Castle : Firstly, our killer is diabolical.
Castle : You let someone unwittingly kill themselves, pure evil.
Castle : Second, our killer knew Joe, or at least knew his habits.
Castle : Third, our killer was a woman.
Alexis : - Hmm? - Statistically speaking,
Castle : poisonings are almost always carried out by the fairer sex.
Beckett : But you are missing one very important detail, Castle.
Castle : Enlighten me.
Beckett : Our killer had access to Joe's medications.
Beckett : Medications that he did not keep on him.
Beckett : So, therefore, our killer had access to...
Esposito : His apartment.
UNK: Bingo.
UNK: NYPD!
Esposito : You know, the murder of Joe the juror is a real tragedy.
Ryan : Isn't every murder a tragedy?
UNK: Yes, every murder is a tragedy, but Joe's is special.
Esposito : He was a juvenile delinquent who reformed himself.
UNK: A born-again citizen who believed in the system
Esposito : and helped out ex-cons.
Esposito : And what did he get for his trouble?
UNK: - A pill full of poison. - Mmm-hmm.
UNK: "Cowards die many times before their death.
UNK: "The valiant never taste of death but once."
Esposito : Bro, you're not Castle.
Ryan : Yeah, I know I'm not Castle.
Esposito : Then stop trying to talk like him.
Ryan : What? I'm not allowed to reference the Bard?
Ryan : I'm a renaissance man.
Esposito : Memorizing one quote does not make you a renaissance man.
UNK: What if I memorized two?
Esposito : Have you memorized two?
Ryan : No. But what if I did?
Esposito : Depends on the quote.
Esposito : Now who the hell are you?
Ryan : Hank Ponzell, former resident of Joe McUsic's halfway house.
Ryan : Until you were kicked out when Joe denied your extension.
Esposito : That had to make you mad, huh, Hank?
UNK: Hank Ponzell : You don't understand.
UNK: No, no, I think we do.
Esposito : Joe kicked you to the curb and you poisoned him.
Esposito : Lab report shows that every one of these capsules
Esposito : tested positive for cyanide.
UNK: If I'd poisoned him, why would I still be in his apartment?
UNK: To take the rest of the poisoned pills away, so we couldn't find them.
Ryan : So you could hide your tracks...
UNK: Hank Ponzell : I was out of the apartment all day. Anyone could've gotten in there.
UNK: Hank Ponzell : And I would never hurt Joe.
UNK: Hank Ponzell : He was my friend.
UNK: - Friends like him, huh? - Right.
UNK: Hank Ponzell : I didn't poison him!
UNK: Hank Ponzell : Joe was letting me stay there. Okay?
UNK: Hank Ponzell : I maxed out my time at the halfway house and didn't have a place to go.
UNK: Hank Ponzell : Joe broke the rules and let me crash with him.
Esposito : Then why were you playing hide-and-go-seek in his closet?
UNK: Hank Ponzell : I'm a felon on parole.
UNK: Hank Ponzell : I hear cops, and my ex-con instincts kick in.
Esposito : Okay. If you were there on the up and up,
Esposito : tell us, was Joe in any kind of trouble?
Ryan : Look, buddy, I don't think you appreciate the situation you're in.
Ryan : You are on parole
Ryan : and you're up to your neck in a homicide investigation.
Ryan : Now you better start talking or we're gonna have you back in Sing Sing
Ryan : before the evening roll call.
UNK: All right, Joe had me run errands for him, okay?
UNK: Pick up laundry, go to the bodega, stuff like that.
UNK: Hank Ponzell : A few weeks ago, he gave me an envelope
UNK: Hank Ponzell : and told me to take it to this lady.
Esposito : What was in the envelope?
UNK: Hank Ponzell : Cash. Like two grand.
UNK: Hank Ponzell : But I don't know what it was for. I swear.
UNK: Hank Ponzell : Joe always talked about how he got out of the criminal life,
UNK: Hank Ponzell : but maybe he still had a foot in.
Esposito : Who was this lady that you delivered the envelope to?
UNK: Ms. Jenkins?
UNK: Yes?