Beckett : and you treated her like a common criminal.
Castle : Maybe she is, though.
Castle : I still don't know why she lied about going to Williamsburg.
Beckett : And you probably never will.
Beckett : Unless you plan on water boarding her.
Castle : Honestly, is what I did so wrong?
Beckett : I don't really think that it matters to Alexis.
Beckett : I mean, you broke her trust.
Ryan : Yeah, I know.
Castle : So what do I do now?
Beckett : Win it back.
UNK: Come on, Lyla's family's waiting.
UNK: Randolph Addison : No, I've never seen him outside the jury box.
UNK: I don't think any of us have.
UNK: Well, a juror bribing his way onto a trial.
UNK: I've never, in my 25 years as a prosecutor, seen anything like it.
Montgomery : Mr. Addison, is it at all possible that your daughter knew this man?
UNK: No.
UNK: Stephen?
UNK: Stephen Addison : I know most of my sister's friends.
UNK: Stephen Addison : He's not one of them.
UNK: Stephen Addison : And if he was, why would he have done this?
UNK: Stephen Addison : Why would he put my sister's shot at justice in jeopardy?
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : Roy, I don't think I need to tell you
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : how catastrophic this could be to the city's legal system.
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : Now, I need Joe McUsic's murder solved.
Montgomery : How bad are things, Lou?
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : It's pretty bad.
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : expressing fears for their own personal safety.
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : Now, the people of New York need to be assured
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : that they are protected.
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : Keep me in the loop.
Montgomery : All the years I've been in command of the 12th precinct,
Montgomery : you know how many times the District Attorney has shown up?
UNK: Once.
UNK: Today.
Montgomery : You heard the man, let's get to work.
Beckett : Yes, sir.
Castle : There is no Joe connection to Lyla Addison.
Castle : There's nothing in her financials,
Castle : her murder file, her e-mails, her texts, not even her yearbook.
UNK: Joe and Lyla have absolutely nothing in common.
Beckett : It's like the two of them didn't even live on the same planet.
Esposito : Same goes with Joe and Otis.
Beckett : There's no Joe connection in the juvie files?
Esposito : No, not even close.
Esposito : Joe and Otis were sent to different juvie halls at different times.
Esposito : And they ran in opposite neighborhoods.
UNK: So, then why the hell did he want to get on that jury so bad?
Ryan : Wait a minute, I think I got something.
Beckett : You have a connection?
Ryan : According to his credit card, Joe purchased
Ryan : a pay-as-you-go cell phone from an electronics store
Ryan : a couple months back.
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : - So? - So, he already had a cell phone.
Ryan : What's he need a burner phone for?
Ryan : Especially, an anonymous one.
Ryan : And if he is using it, where is it?
UNK: All right, take a crew to his apartment.
Beckett : See what you can find.
Beckett : That might be the break that we need.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Castle.
Beckett : Castle, can you stop playing around?
Castle : Actually, I'm not playing around.
Castle : I'm a little busy blowing this case wide open.
Castle : This is a photograph of the lookie-loos
UNK: at Lyla's crime scene.
UNK: This is a little magnification app.
Castle : Recognize anyone?
Beckett : It's Joe!
UNK: He was at Lyla Addison's crime scene.
Esposito : Why would he be there?
Castle : Only three reasons for a civilian to be at a murder scene.
Castle : One, they're dead. Two,
UNK: they just happened to be in the immediate area, or three,