UNK: And I can have you transferred to the harbor unit.
Montgomery : Lou, you said you wanted this murder squared away. That's all we're doing.
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : No, what you're doing is sneaking around behind my back.
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : Now, the next time you want an interview,
UNK: Randolph Addison : you call.
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : And don't you ever, ever
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : drag one of my staff down here without my knowledge again.
Montgomery : You called in the DA's personal assistant without informing him?
Beckett : Sir, I'm sorry. I was...
Montgomery : It was a smart move.
Montgomery : Don't you see what just happened?
UNK: He could have called and asked why his assistant was here.
Montgomery : But he came in person.
Beckett : He wanted to stop the interview.
Castle : He's hiding something.
Castle : Wardell Williams was right, it's a conspiracy.
Beckett : I agree.
Beckett : I know, weird.
Castle : Yeah, weird but good,
Castle : because that's just the tip of the iceberg.
UNK: Yes.
UNK: Good. I did a little digging on the Internet.
Castle : Guess who the DA's largest campaign contributors were
Castle : on his last election?
UNK: Who?
Castle : Randolph and Andrea Addison, Lyla's parents.
Castle : Here's what I'm thinking,
Castle : devastated parents demand justice.
Castle : Insist that the DA try the case personally.
Castle : Maybe even suggest to Karnacki
Castle : that he needs to put Lyla's killer away,
Castle : in order to secure their political support.
Beckett : Of course, and Karnacki agreed, because it was gonna be an easy case.
Castle : I mean, they already had Otis Williams.
Beckett : It was open and shut.
Castle : Until Joe starts calling, insisting that Otis is innocent.
Castle : Which is bad for Karnacki.
Castle : Actually, in the end, bad for Joe.
UNK: No, but it still doesn't explain why Joe bought into the jury pool.
Beckett : Or why he thought that Otis Williams was innocent.
Beckett : I mean, if he had exonerating evidence, where is it?
Beckett : We've looked everywhere. We've talked to everyone.
Castle : Not everyone.
UNK: Attorney Nick Keller : As I said before, we're not here to discuss the Lyla Addison case.
Beckett : Neither are we. We're here to talk about Joe McUsic's murder.
Beckett : Juror number seven.
UNK: Attorney Nick Keller : You're not still suggesting that my client had something to do with that?
Castle : We are open to the idea
Castle : that Mr. Williams may not be guilty of either murder.
Beckett : Look, we think that you might be able to help yourself
Beckett : by helping us find the real killer.
Beckett : This is Joe McUsic.
Beckett : Had you ever seen him before the trial?
Castle : He claimed to have evidence proving your innocence.
Castle : Do you have any idea what that evidence might be?
UNK: Otis Williams : How am I supposed to know?
Beckett : He bought his way onto the jury
Beckett : in order to get you acquitted, and then he got murdered for it.
UNK: Otis Williams : Well, look, I'm sorry he's dead.
UNK: Otis Williams : I appreciate my man putting himself out like that for me,
UNK: Otis Williams : but I don't know how to help y'all.
UNK: Mr. Williams, if you didn't kill Lyla, then we need to figure out who did.
Castle : You were first on the scene.
Castle : Any detail you can remember, no matter how obscure, might help us.
UNK: A'ight. It was late.
UNK: Just got off my job, you know. Walking home,
UNK: when I saw that sweet 760i just sitting there.
UNK: Keys in the ignition.
UNK: I knew I should have passed it by, but I always wanted to drive a 760.
UNK: So I jumped in.
UNK: I'm sorry, we need details.
UNK: So, did you see anyone?
UNK: No.
Castle : Was there anything around the car?
Beckett : Anything that might suggest someone else had been there?
Beckett : Cigarette butts, chewing gum.
Castle : Shoe prints, heel prints.
UNK: Otis Williams : Nah, nothing like that.
UNK: Okay. What happened next?
UNK: Otis Williams : I slid in the ride, pulled the seat up, hit the ignition...
Beckett : Wait, wait. Did you say that you pulled the seat up?
UNK: Yeah.
Ryan : Are you sure?
UNK: Otis Williams : Yeah, I'm sure. That bad boy was all the way back.
UNK: Otis Williams : So I hit the button on the side to move it up.
UNK: Lyla was all of five foot nothing.
Beckett : There's no reason for that seat to have been all the way back.
Castle : Somebody else was driving that car, most likely our killer.
Beckett : And our killer would have to press the seat back button
Beckett : in order to move it. Did CSU check for prints?
UNK: Attorney Nick Keller : The steering wheel and the dash.
UNK: Attorney Nick Keller : The only prints they found were my client's,
UNK: Attorney Nick Keller : so when they caught him behind the wheel,