Castle : For Richard Castle, press one.
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : - Hey! - Hey.
Castle : Why were there news vans out front?
Beckett : Because of who our victim is, Joe McUsic.
UNK: Who?
Beckett : Juror number seven in the Lyla Addison case.
Castle : The Addison case? Seriously? What happened?
Beckett : He dropped dead during the closing argument.
Beckett : Lanie thinks that he was poisoned.
Castle : Heir to the Addison fortune is murdered
Castle : and, during the trial, a juror is murdered as well.
Castle : This has all the makings of a John Grisham novel.
Beckett : What are you doing?
Castle : I'm texting my poker group, calling dibs on this story.
UNK: It was poison, all right.
Lanie : Pink lividity, the smell of bitter almonds.
Lanie : Test strip came back positive for cyanide.
Castle : Cyanide? That is fantastic!
Castle : Unless you're the juror.
Lanie : There were no puncture marks on the body, so it was ingested.
Beckett : That's an odd way to kill.
Castle : Not for Nazis or evil dictators.
Beckett : How did he ingest it?
Lanie : Brownish stains in his mouth indicate he recently had coffee.
Lanie : Maybe it was in there.
Beckett : After he consumed the poison, how long before he died?
UNK: No more than 15 minutes.
UNK: According to the court clerk,
UNK: Mr. McUsic arrived this morning at 8 : 37
UNK: and died at approximately 9 : 13.
Beckett : Fifteen minutes. That means that he was poisoned at the courthouse.
UNK: Mmm-hmm. And who benefits from a dead juror?
Beckett : The defendant.
Castle : Then we agree.
Ryan : The defendant, Otis Williams.
UNK: This guy's a real dirt bag's dirt bag.
Beckett : Grand theft auto, aggravated assault, attempted murder.
Castle : Dirt bag trifecta.
Castle : Which means, if convicted, he'd go away for a long time.
Esposito : Life without parole.
Esposito : I bet the DA would ask for the needle if New York still had the death penalty.
Ryan : They caught him in a stolen car with Lyla Addison's body in the trunk.
UNK: They've got his fingerprints, traces of the victim's blood.
UNK: This guy is way past guilty.
Castle : So, this is jury intimidation at its finest.
Castle : You kill a juror, you not only guarantee a mistrial,
Castle : but it also serves as a warning for any future jurors on a retrial.
Castle : Who wants to serve on a jury if there's a chance of being killed?
Ryan : But we know Otis didn't do it.
Ryan : He's been incarcerated since his arrest.
UNK: He might have had an accomplice.
Beckett : Whoever poisoned Joe McUsic
Beckett : somehow did it in this building 15 minutes before he died.
Ryan : I'll get with security,
Ryan : pull the surveillance footage from all the corridors and common rooms.
Esposito : I'll talk to the jurors. Someone might have seen something.
Castle : All right.
UNK: Why don't we see what Mr. Otis Williams has to say for himself.
UNK: Counselor.
Beckett : Detective Beckett, I'd like to speak with your client.
UNK: Attorney Nick Keller : Detective, anything we have to say about Lyla Addison,
UNK: Attorney Nick Keller : we've said during the trial.
UNK: I'm not here about Ms. Addison. I'm here about Juror number seven.
UNK: Attorney Nick Keller : Okay. What about him?
Beckett : He was murdered.
UNK: Murdered?
UNK: Attorney Nick Keller : I thought he died of a seizure, or some other natural cause.
Castle : There's nothing natural about cyanide poisoning.
UNK: Attorney Nick Keller : Okay, look. My client doesn't know anything about that,
UNK: Attorney Nick Keller : and there's no way I'm letting him talk to you.
UNK: Attorney Nick Keller : Now if you'll excuse us, we're due in court. Let's go.
UNK: Judge Fitz : In light of the shocking circumstances
UNK: Judge Fitz : of Juror number seven's death,
UNK: Judge Fitz : it is my belief that this particular jury
UNK: Judge Fitz : is no longer capable of reaching a fair verdict.
UNK: Judge Fitz : Therefore, I have no choice but to declare a mistrial.
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : Your Honor, the people intend to refile charges.
UNK: Judge Fitz : Noted. Until then, Mr. Williams will be remanded.
UNK: Judge Fitz : This hearing is adjourned.
UNK: Randolph Addison : You call this justice, Your Honor? After what he did to my daughter!
UNK: Randolph Addison : You monster!
UNK: Dad! Dad, no.
UNK: Stephen Addison : Let's go home.
UNK: Looks like Otis' plan is working.