UNK: it's our killer and he couldn't resist the compulsion
Castle : to return to the scene of the crime.
Castle : And which number do you think Joe is?
Beckett : I'm gonna go with three.
Castle : He's our victim, and our killer!
UNK: Nice.
UNK: Sorry.
Castle : Joe McUsic, victim and killer.
Castle : This is the best twist yet.
Castle : Joe served on the jury of a murder he committed.
Beckett : Yeah. But if Joe literally got away with murder, why would he risk it all
Beckett : and bribe his way onto the jury?
Castle : Maybe he felt compelled to save an innocent man.
Castle : Maybe he wanted to create reasonable doubt in the deliberation room
Castle : to get Otis off.
Beckett : Or maybe he got onto the jury because he wanted to make sure
Beckett : that an innocent Otis got convicted of his crime.
UNK: No, I like my killer-with- a-conscience theory better.
Beckett : Yeah, well, like your theory all you want,
Beckett : mine is less convoluted and contrived.
Esposito : Hate to burst bubbles, but you're both wrong.
UNK: Joe didn't kill Lyla.
Esposito : He had an alibi.
Esposito : I did background on the halfway house.
UNK: On the night Lyla was killed, Joe was at a fundraiser.
Beckett : He was there until midnight.
UNK: And Lyla was killed between 9 : 30 and 11 : 30 p.m.
Esposito : So, if he didn't kill her, why did he want to be on the jury so bad?
Beckett : And why was he at the crime scene?
Castle : Okay, so we know that Joe was a juror with a hidden agenda.
Castle : He was embroiled in a high-profile case
Castle : being tried by the DA himself.
Castle : But before he could accomplish what he set out to do,
Castle : he was struck down by powerful, shadowy forces.
UNK: What?
Beckett : There's gotta be something that we're missing.
Beckett : There has to be a tangible connection between Joe and our defendant,
Beckett : or Joe and our victim.
Ryan : Or between Joe and somebody else entirely.
Ryan : I found the phone.
Ryan : It was hiding behind some books in the bookcase.
UNK: Joe made 14 calls with it, all to the same number.
UNK: Wardell Williams : District Attorney Lou Karnacki's office.
Castle : Looks like the DA was out of order.
Beckett : Mrs. Craig...
UNK: Dawn Craig : Please, call me Dawn.
UNK: Dawn, you are District Attorney's administrative assistant?
UNK: Dawn Craig : Yes, ever since he came into office.
Beckett : Do you remember ever receiving any phone calls from a Joe McUsic?
Martha : Oh, uh...
UNK: Dawn Craig : We get hundreds of calls every day.
UNK: Dawn Craig : That name doesn't sound familiar.
Castle : We have reason to believe he called numerous times.
Castle : He may have said it was regarding the Otis Williams case.
UNK: Dawn Craig : Oh. Yeah, I did get a series of bizarre, anonymous calls
UNK: Dawn Craig : from a man claiming that Otis Williams was innocent.
Castle : That would be Joe. Did he ever speak to the DA?
UNK: Dawn Craig : No, I never put him through. I figured he was a wacko.
UNK: Dawn Craig : We get a lot of these calls and half my job
UNK: Dawn Craig : is to filter out the legitimate calls from the crackpots.
Beckett : Did he ever mention anything else?
UNK: Dawn Craig : Yeah, he said he had evidence that would exonerate Otis Williams
UNK: Dawn Craig : and how he was gonna mail it to the District Attorney's office.
Castle : Did you ever get that package?
UNK: Dawn Craig : Not that I know of.
UNK: Dawn, most of these phone calls are under two minutes long,
UNK: but then there is this one at 10 : 14 p.m.,
UNK: it's over 10 minutes long.
UNK: Is there any chance that you took that phone call?
UNK: No. I never stay past 7 : 00.
Castle : How late does the DA work?
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : This conversation is over.
UNK: This is the way you keep me in the loop, Roy?
Montgomery : It's a fast-moving case, Lou.
Montgomery : My team just followed the evidence where it led them.
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : Don't give me that, we've known each other too long.
Beckett : Mr. Karnacki, Joe McUsic made several phone calls to your office.
UNK: One of them lasted over 10 minutes.
Beckett : Did you speak to him, sir?
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : - The dead juror? - Yes.
UNK: Sandy Jenkins : No. Of course not.
Castle : Did he send you any evidence
Castle : that was relevant to the Otis Williams case?
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : Excuse me, I don't think we've been introduced.
UNK: D.a. Lou Karnacki : I'm the guy that can get you banned from this precinct.