Ryan : See, that's Joe the juror at the coffee machine
UNK: roughly 14 minutes before his death, right in our kill zone.
Beckett : Cousin Wardell.
Ryan : And watch this.
Castle : Looks like he makes a killer cup of joe.
Castle : Too soon.
UNK: Are y'all trying to accuse me of murder
UNK: Wardell Williams : with this half-assed version of a Zapruder film?
Beckett : You and Otis were more than just cousins.
Beckett : Grew up in the same household, more like brothers.
UNK: Yeah, me and O tight, so what?
Castle : So, it makes sense you'd do anything for him.
Castle : Including kill a juror on his murder trial.
UNK: Man, y'all are reaching.
Beckett : Are we?
Beckett : You talked to jurors. That's jury tampering.
UNK: Wardell Williams : So, accusing one black man of a murder he ain't commit
UNK: Wardell Williams : isn't good enough for you?
UNK: Ya'll trying for the daily double?
UNK: Wardell Williams : And I talked to a gang of folks in that courthouse.
UNK: Otis Williams : How am I supposed to know which one of them is a juror?
Castle : Well, the juror badges on their shirts might have been a hint.
Beckett : Using video surveillance footage,
Beckett : CSU managed to pull Joe's coffee cup out of the garbage.
Beckett : They're testing it for cyanide.
Beckett : Why don't you just come clean, while we still got a deal to make?
UNK: Wardell Williams : Man, I told you, I ain't do nothing!
Beckett : Wardell, sit down! Before I make you sit down.
UNK: Wardell Williams : So obviously you must be the bad cop. Guess that makes you the good cop.
Castle : Actually, I'm not a cop.
UNK: You're not a cop?
Beckett : Mr. Castle is a writer. He consults with the department on occasion.
UNK: Oh.
UNK: Wardell Williams : So that's how you two do it?
UNK: Wardell Williams : You tell the lies and you print the lies.
UNK: Man, y'all are framing me just like they did my cousin.
UNK: Wardell Williams : Man, this whole damn thing's a conspiracy.
Beckett : Wardell, be serious.
UNK: You don't think I'm serious?
UNK: Wardell Williams : Then tell me why of all the lawyers in the city,
UNK: Wardell Williams : the District Attorney is trying Otis' case?
UNK: Wardell Williams : You don't think it's 'cause he's running for mayor
UNK: Wardell Williams : and he wants to lock my cousin up
UNK: Wardell Williams : so all his rich, powerful white friends can feel safe?
Beckett : Look, you're not doing yourself any favors right now.
UNK: Wardell Williams : You just got it all worked out, huh?
UNK: Wardell Williams : You got my cousin O pulling a Bigger Thomas,
UNK: Wardell Williams : and you got me poisoning this man to get him off.
Castle : Looks that way.
UNK: Wardell Williams : Well, looks don't make it so.
UNK: Wardell Williams : Looks like I'm poisoning this man's coffee.
UNK: When really, all I did was hand it to him.
Beckett : - Hey, Esposito. - Mmm?
Beckett : Can you get a warrant for Wardell's place,
Beckett : see if there's any traces of cyanide?
Esposito : You got it.
Castle : And as they say in legalese, asked and answered.
Castle : It's too bad. I was hoping there'd be a little more to the story than that.
UNK: Hmm.
Beckett : "Hmm," what?
Castle : Alexis said she'd be in the Village today,
Castle : but she's over in Williamsburg.
Beckett : How do you know she's in Williamsburg?
Castle : GPS tracked her phone.
Beckett : You tracked her phone?
Castle : Yeah. Super cool app I just downloaded.
Castle : I can see where she is at any time.
Beckett : Does she know that you're doing this?
Castle : What, are you kidding? No, she'd kill me.
Beckett : And be justified!
Castle : I'm her father.
Castle : If something's going on, I need to know.
Castle : A lot of parents will go through their kids' drawers or computers.
Castle : Far less intrusive.
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: Joe's cyanide-laced coffee cup.
Lanie : CSU found both Joe and Wardell's prints on it.
Lanie : But there was something very important missing...
UNK: Cyanide.
UNK: Wardell Williams : - Really? - Really?
UNK: Really.
Beckett : Well, how was he poisoned?
Lanie : During the autopsy,
Lanie : I discovered cyanide residue in a prescription time-release capsule.
Castle : So Joe had a prescription for cyanide?
Lanie : No. He had a prescription for corticosteroids.
Lanie : According to his physician,
Lanie : he took one every morning for symptoms from lupus.
Lanie : It looks like the killer switched out the contents of Joe's capsule
Lanie : and replaced it with the cyanide.
Beckett : Okay, so then when Joe was taking his medications,
Beckett : he unknowingly poisoned himself.
Lanie : But here's the rub,
Lanie : since the cyanide was in a time-release capsule
Lanie : designed not to dissolve in stomach acids
Lanie : but in the intestines...
Castle : Our timeline is all screwed up.
UNK: Yep. Turns out Joe was poisoned almost one hour before his death
UNK: at 8 : 13 this morning.