Ted : Pulling.
Marshall : Them.
Lily : Off.
Ted : I'll be in the cab.
Ted : G-cwok-approved.
Lily : The painting.
Marshall : Right, so, um, they told me they threw it
Marshall : In the building's dumpster.
Marshall : It wasn't in there,
Marshall : But the super told me that he'd seen one dr. Greer...
Marshall : A veterinarian who works in the building...
Marshall : Take the painting out of the trash.
Lily : Dr. Greer?
Lily : Who's dr. Greer a-and why did he take my painting?
Marshall : You're about to find out.
UNK: Long story short, I had to make a trash run.
UNK: Dr Greer : Been a busy day... Lots of neuterings.
Lily : Ooh, we don't need the details.
UNK: Dr Greer : Oh, n-n-no, it's not what you think.
UNK: Dr Greer : Oh, thank god. Yeah, yeah, yeah, mostly just dog testicles.
UNK: Dr Greer : Anyway...
UNK: Dr Greer : I noticed your painting
UNK: Dr Greer : Just sitting right there on top
UNK: Dr Greer : And I thought, "hey, free painting,"
UNK: Dr Greer : So I brought it upstairs
UNK: Dr Greer : And hung it up in exam room 3,
Barney : And then the strangest thing happened.
UNK: Dr Greer : Hey, muffin.
UNK: Dr Greer : Whoa, I think he remembers me
UNK: Dr Greer : From the last time he was here.
UNK: Dr Greer : Take muffin to exam room 3.
UNK: Dr Greer : I'll meet you there.
UNK: Dr Greer : I went in, expecting the worst.
UNK: Dr Greer : I'd never seen muffin that calm,
UNK: Dr Greer : And then a little later the same thing happened again
UNK: Dr Greer : With tidbit...
UNK: Dr Greer : And king larry...
UNK: Dr Greer : And again with the weinstein triplets.
UNK: Dr Greer : Something about your art speaks to the canine sensibility
UNK: Dr Greer : On a very primal level.
Barney : Really?
Lily : Dogs like my paintings?
Marshall : Yeah.
UNK: Dr Greer : But you know who it bums out?
UNK: Dr Greer : Birds.
Marshall : Yeah.
UNK: Dr Greer : Had a parrot in there today.
UNK: Dr Greer : He took one look at it, pried open his cage,
UNK: Dr Greer : Flew right into the ceiling fan.
Marshall : Anyway, because your first painting worked so well,
Marshall : I convinced dr. Greer to buy four more.
UNK: Really? Mm-hmm, at $500 apiece.
Lily : That's two grand.
Lily : That's more than we need for the contractor.
Marshall : Yeah, but I was actually thinking we could reinvest it.
UNK: In what? In you.
UNK: ♪ Don't give up on your dreams, boy ♪
Narrator : Marshall explained that he was building a fancy new web site
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Specifically to sell lily's artwork to veterinarians.
Lily : Well, it's not exactly the clientele
Lily : I had in mind, but...
Lily : Thank you for believing in me.
Marshall : Man, birds do not get you.
UNK: Hi, sweetie. Hey,
Barney : I think I left my tie here. Have you seen it?
UNK: No, I'm in wedding-planning mode.
UNK: Stressville. Population : Me.
UNK: Okay, big decision.
UNK: What do you think the cake should be :
UNK: Fudgie the whale or cookie puss?
Barney : Yeah, that was a bit.
Barney : We were doing a bit.
Abby : So I'm thinking labor day.
Abby : I was going to say fourth of July,
UNK: But I didn't want to steal any attention away from america.
Barney : Abby, I've... I've got some bad news.
UNK: I can't marry you. What?
Barney : Ted begged me not to.
Barney : I think he's in love with you.
UNK: Yes, our plan worked better than we ever dreamed.
UNK: You have to go to him.
UNK: Here's his home address.
UNK: But you know what? He works late,
UNK: So I wouldn't go before 2 : 00 or 3 : 00 in the morning.
Abby : Oh, my god, thank you.
Abby : But now I feel wrong keeping this.
Robin : Oh, yeah, I wouldn't worry about that.
Barney : That's made of candy.
UNK: Dr Greer : Later.