Man : Oh, my god!
UNK: Ha!
Lily : 500 bucks!
Lily : Who's a real painter now, marshall?
Marshall : Honey, I never said you weren't a real painter.
Robin : Oh, I know, sweetie.
Lily : And since I'm a professional artist now,
Lily : I'm going to sketch you an aldrin original,
Lily : You know, to say thanks
Lily : For being such a supportive husband.
Lily : I'm thinking about calling it...
Lily : "suck it!"
Marshall : Lily, come on.
Marshall : I'm proud of you.
Marshall : Who-who bought it?
Lily : Well, that's the best part.
Lily : A gay couple without kids.
Lily : A g-cwok!
Ted : You bagged a g-cwok?!
Lily : Yeah, that's right.
Lily : They are the heart and soul of the art-buying community.
Ted : You know what you should do?
Ted : You should call up the g-cwoks
Ted : And offer them a free painting
Ted : If they throw a private art party
Ted : For all their g-cwok friends.
Lily : That's an amazing idea.
Lily : I'm going to go call them.
UNK: : I can probably sell two more paintings with time to spare.
Lily : Oh, wait, marshall.
Lily : There was something I had to tell you.
Lily : What was it?
Lily : Oh, that's right.
Lily : Suck it.
Barney : Hey.
Barney : Ted, fancy bumping into you here.
Barney : Have you guys met my girlfriend abby?
Ted : Uh, yeah.
UNK: Hi, abby. Hello,
Ted : Abby. So, uh,
Ted : S-so you guys are dating now?
Lily : That's right.
Barney : I am done with this whole being awesome thing.
Barney : Now I'm all about farmers' markets
Barney : And day hikes in matching khaki cargo shorts.
Barney : Isn't that right, sweetie?
Lily : That's right.
Abby : Girlfriends are lame.
Abby : Unless they're me.
Abby : I miss you, ted.
Barney : Abby and I
Barney : Are in love.
Barney : Not hot passionate love.
Barney : Couple love.
Barney : You know, movie night with my girlfriend,
Barney : Then waiting for her to go to bed
Barney : So I can steal one pitiful moment of hollow ecstasy
Barney : By the cold, blue light of my computer monitor.
Abby : We're showing ted how lame he is.
Barney : You don't have to say it, though.
Ted : Uh, okay, barney, you can stop.
Barney : Stop what, ted?
Barney : Stop being in love?
Barney : Next he'll ask us to stop breathing.
Abby : We can't stop breathing, ted.
Abby : Your hair looks amazing.
Ted : Um, barney, I, I see what you're doing.
Ted : Please stop.
Barney : Not before I share with you
Barney : What being in a relationship leads to, ted.
Abby : Abby,
Barney : Pookie bear...
Barney : I am so pathetically desperate for you that...
Barney : Aw, heck, I'll just say it.
UNK: Will you marry me?
Abby : Wait, really?
Barney : I would never joke about true love.
Abby : Yes, I'll marry you.
Abby : Okay.
Abby : Thank you, thank you.
Abby : I have to call my mom.
Barney : That's you.
Ted : Uh, yeah, I don't think abby knows you're kidding.
Barney : Uh, yes, she does.
Abby : It finally happened, mama.
Abby : I just wish daddy were alive to walk me down the aisle.
Barney : Totally committed to the bit.
Lily : Yes, lily aldrin.
Lily : I sold you the painting earlier today.
UNK: Man 2 : Oh, honey, hello.
Lily : You sound happy.
UNK: Man 2 : Are you kidding? We're popping the champagne right now.
Lily : Well, I just wanted to offer you an exclusive chance
Lily : To view some of my other paintings.
UNK: Man 2 : Oh, honey, oh, sweetie, oh, I guess I should have told you.
UNK: Man 2 : We just bought that for the frame.
Lily : What?
UNK: Man 2 : Yeah, it's an original anton kreutzer,
UNK: Man 2 : A very rare frame from the turn of the century.
Lily : So... Y-you didn't like my painting?
UNK: Man 2 : Oh, honey, oh, sweetie, no, not at all.
UNK: Man 2 : But you know,
UNK: Man 2 : Good for you.
Abby : Okay.
Robin : Wow.
Lily : Well, if you didn't want the painting, can I...
Lily : Can I at least get it back?
UNK: Man 2 : Yeah, no, we don't have it anymore.
Lily : Where is it?
Ted : I see.
Lily : H-he threw out my painting.
UNK: Man 2 : Champagne for everyone on me,
UNK: Man 2 : The happiest guy in the world.
UNK: Ginger ale. It's a bit.
Lily : This is great.
Lily : My dream of becoming an artist is dead,
Lily : And now I'm watching my wardrobe disappear
Lily : Piece by piece.
Lily : There goes my favorite dress.
Lily : This dress meant a lot to me.
Barney : Really?
Lily : It was spring of 2004 and I had been having a hard few months.
UNK: Day-am.
Lily : I got a two-syllable "damn" in this dress.
Lily : A two-syllable "damn."
UNK: That's the dream. Yeah.
Lily : Now she belongs to...
UNK: Canadagirl@metronewsone.Com.
Robin : It's still in the family.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Lily,
Marshall : You're not going to believe this.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Something amazing happened. What?
Marshall : I went to the g-cwok's apartment.
Lily : Really? Why?
Marshall : Because I felt guilty.
Marshall : This auction was my idea
Marshall : And now you've had to sit around all day
Marshall : While a bunch of vultures ruthlessly pick apart
Marshall : The carcass of your wardrobe.
Robin : It's still in the family.
Marshall : And more importantly,
Marshall : I honestly love that painting
Marshall : And I couldn't stand to think of it
Marshall : In a trashcan someplace.
Lily : Well, what happened?