Lucille : You... are sick. So are you.
UNK: And I'm sure there are Web sites full of men...
House : looking for married women with surgical scars.
House : So have the surgery. Please?
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Thanks.
Chase : Why have you been talking to Cameron?
Vogler : If House picks you, I'll be needing a new source in that room. - If he picks me?
Vogler : Sure. Foreman's smarter. House has got a thing for Cameron.
Chase : I've been feeding you information so you'll protect me.
UNK: And I will protect you as long as I need you.
Vogler : And you will feed me information as long as you need me.
Vogler : I spoke with Cameron because if I have alternatives,
Vogler : I don't need you.
Chase : She's not gonna rat on House.
UNK: Foreman never said anything about talkin' to me?
UNK: Interesting, huh?
House : It's been almost three hours. Still no change in her condition.
Cameron : I think we should get her into surgery.
UNK: So what do you wanna do?
House : Assume that Cameron didn't screw up.
UNK: What if it's not the warfarin? It has to be. The sores presented right after we administered it.
House : Right, right, right. But let's just say it's not. Come on. Come on. What do you got?
UNK: Can I have a second to think? No. There's no time to think. Just say the first thing that comes into your head.
UNK: She's fat. Enough already, okay? We got it. You hate fat people.
UNK: That's not what I meant. We already considered obesity as a cause.
UNK: So did all her other doctors. No, I mean what if it's not a cause? What if it's a symptom?
House : Okay. So, what could cause obesity and skin necrosis?
House : I don't care if it makes sense. Just give me something.
UNK: - Ulcers secondary to vasculitis. - No, that's just sores, not obesity.
Chase : - Pyoderma gangrenosum. - More sores.
House : Let's look at it from the other side. What has obesity as a symptom?
UNK: Hypothyroidism? Genetics are more likely. Her mom's heavy too.
House : She's not just heavy, she's tall.
House : We have any history on the dad? Yeah.
UNK: 6'1...
House : Kid's short.
UNK: We got stunted growth, high blood pressure, blood clots, obesity...
House : - It's Cushing's. - No. Necrosis doesn't present...
House : In rare cases, Cushing's can cause hypercalcemia,
House : which can lead to the same skin necrosis as warfarin.
House : It's perfect. It explains everything.
Foreman : Except it's not Cushing's. She's had multiple blood tests, and none show abnormal cortisol levels.
House : The hypercortisolism could be cyclical. We didn't catch it in the right phase.
UNK: We'll have to do another U.F.C... - There's no time. We've got less than an hour to make a call.
Chase : If we treat for Cushing's and we're wrong, she's dead.
Foreman : If we assume it's not Cushing's, she'll lose her breast and may still be sick.
UNK: Do an M.R.I. - You want us to look for hypercortisolism with an M.R.I.?
House : No, I want you to look for what could cause hypercortisolism with an M.R.I.