UNK: Mr. Hernandez : I don't care about a scar. And she can always gain the weight back.
House : - You want her to regain the weight? - Yeah. I mean, only if she wants to.
UNK: Why? I've always thought she looked sexiest when she was pregnant.
UNK: Something about knowing she's a mother just makes me want to... Tell her that and leave me alone.
UNK: Mr. Hernandez : I did. You gotta talk to her. I couldn't bear it if something happened to her.
House : The tumor is benign. Nothing's gonna happen, except maybe some more heartburn.
UNK: Mr. Hernandez : What if it gets even bigger, or it changes?
House : You know where to find us. Building's not going anywhere.
UNK: Tell her it's cancer. You obviously don't have a problem with lying. Oh. Way to win me over.
UNK: We got six kids. She can't afford to take a chance.
House : You have kids. How novel. That changes everything.
UNK: So if Mommy gets heartburn, one of them might catch on fire.
UNK: Mr. Hernandez : Please. I don't know what we'd do.
House : They are cute.
House : Have her come back in. What?
House : Your plight has moved me. Tell your wife to come back.
UNK: The necrosis is getting worse.
Cameron : Maybe because we're treating her for the wrong thing.
House : - Have you found the right thing? - No.
House : Then we continue the treatment, hope it's just taking longer than it should.
Wilson : At this point, it doesn't matter what caused the necrosis.
UNK: Or who. - If we don't stop it from spreading, it'll kill her before the end of the day.
UNK: What else can we do? Get rid of it. Remove the dying flesh before it penetrates the abdominal wall.
UNK: Mr. Conroy : Do it.
UNK: There's still a chance the heparin treatment could start to take effect.
Wilson : We're gonna wait as long as we can, but if there's no change in the next few hours,
Wilson : we're gonna have to treat the symptoms directly.
Mom : So you can get rid of the sores? Through surgery.
Foreman : Technically, it's an amputation.
Mom : Amputation? But the sores are...
Wilson : Warfarin-induced necrosis attacks fatty tissue, mainly in the breasts.
Mom : Wait. Are you talking about cutting off my daughter's... breasts?
UNK: She's 10 years old. -A radical mastectomy may be her only chance for survival.
Foreman : I'm sorry, but I'm gonna have to ask you to sign this.
UNK: Could we talk?
House : What, no roses, no chocolates?
House : If you're here to apologize... I'm not here to apologize.
UNK: Uh-oh.
House : That means you're here for something more complicated.
Cameron : Do you want to fire me?
UNK: Yes. Just waiting for an excuse. Thank God Vogler came along. Whew.
UNK: It's the only reason I can think of why you're insisting that I made a mistake.
House : Really? Because there is another explanation.
House : Perhaps not as much fun as your Freudian analysis,
House : but maybe you actually made a mistake.
Cameron : You're doing this because you can't deal with your feelings for me.
House : I believe that you are the only one to express feelings.
UNK: And if we're gonna look at this from a first-year psych point of view, maybe you want me to fire you.
House : Maybe that's why you're acting weird... You're the one being different.
Cameron : You're always pushing things, pushing the rules, pushing us. But not this time.
UNK: You jumped on this idea like a life raft. Not one question about what else it could be.
Cameron : No riding us for other answers. I have the answer.
Cameron : Then why aren't you watching TV or playing your damn Game Boy...
Cameron : or whatever else you have so much fun doing by yourself?
Cameron : Maybe I should just quit.
Cameron : Make it easy for everyone.
House : Maybe you should.
House : Men are pigs.
UNK: You called me in to tell me...
UNK: I should've realized the vasectomy and condoms was overkill, but this was too obvious to miss.