Vogler : She sleeping?
Foreman : As a result of the sedatives, yeah. Can't let her wake up. Too much pain.
Vogler : "Warfarin-induced skin necrosis".
Vogler : I... have no idea what that means.
Vogler : But it says here we gave her the warfarin.
Vogler : And I do know what "induced" means. We did this?
Lucille : At this point, it's not exactly clear.
UNK: You should probably talk to Dr. House.
Vogler : Oh. You two need time to get your stories straight.
Foreman : He doesn't tell me what to do.
Vogler : So you don't just blindly follow his commands. You're your own man.
Vogler : And yet here you are, working for a guy you can't stand.
Foreman : I respect him. What exactly is it you respect?
Vogler : His attitude toward humanity? He thinks we're all idiots and liars.
UNK: How about his attitude toward you? Plays with you like a cat with a ball of string.
UNK: What do you want? I wanna know if you wanna keep your job.
Foreman : If he chooses to let me go, I can live with that.
Vogler : - That's not an answer. - Are you offering to protect me?
Vogler : - Still not an answer. - I want my job.
Foreman : Dr. Chase. Boss.
UNK: What was that about? He wanted to know what warfarin is. I don't know.
UNK: Brr. Icy.
UNK: I'll definitely think twice before correcting one of your mistakes again.
UNK: Correct all you want. Course, it's a bit more productive if there's an actual mistake.
House : Right. I always forget that part.
Cameron : I gave her the heparin, which means the necrosis is not a reaction to the warfarin,
Cameron : which is probably why she's not responding to your treatment. Yet.
House : If you didn't screw up, then what is it?
House : You don't have an answer. Yet.
House : When you come up with something, let me know.
House : I'll be in the clinic, warming up.
Cameron : I'm the only one who's always stood behind you when you've screwed up.
Mom : Why? Why would you support someone who screws up?
Cameron : Because I'm not insanely insecure, and because I can actually trust in another human being,
Cameron : and I am not an angry, misanthropic son of a bitch.
House : I'm sorry. You said you weren't angry.
House : Who would you fire?
Clementine : No one.
House : Not an option.
Cameron : If everyone took a pay cut and put in a few more hours, we could all stay for the same amount of money.
House : Figures you'd try and come up with a solution where no one gets hurt.
House : The problem is, the world doesn't work that way just 'cause you want it to.
Cameron : Figures you'd stall and refuse to deal with the issue.
Cameron : Problem is, the world doesn't go away just because you want it to.
UNK: Mr. Hernandez : Excuse me. Dr. House?
UNK: Mr. Hernandez : My wife saw you yesterday. Lucille Hernandez?
House : Uh, he's not in today.
UNK: Mr. Hernandez : My wife said he walked with a cane.
House : He's also got a bit of a drug problem. Sometimes doesn't show up for weeks.
Cuddy : The M.R.I.'s are rented, but, um...
Cuddy : Did you make a decision? He's not gonna fire anybody.
UNK: Yes. I'm gonna cut the pay of all four of us.
UNK: Seventeen percent across the board will allow you to keep us all for the same amount of money.
House : I believe it's what you suits call a "win-win".
UNK: All right, uh, I-if you can... No.
UNK: If he can work it so we keep the current staff for the same amount of money,
Cuddy : what difference does it make?
House : It's not about the money.
Vogler : This is not a negotiation. It never was.
Vogler : I need to know that whatever I ask you to do,
UNK: however distasteful you find it, you'll do it.
Vogler : And just as importantly, you need to know that.
UNK: Mr. Hernandez : What's going on with my wife?
House : Even if I was Dr. House,
House : physician-patient confidentiality protects me from annoying conversations.
UNK: She told me about the tumor. Yeah? She also tell you why she's refusing to have it removed?