UNK: Not from Mummy. Everything in society tells us we have to be thin to be successful.
UNK: No. Society tells you you have to be thin to be attractive. And guess what?
UNK: That's what attractive means, that society likes looking at you.
Cameron : I think we should be telling our kids it's fine as long as they're healthy. Right.
Chase : You weigh 90 pounds because it makes you healthier?
Foreman : Forget it. He's just cranky because he knows he's the one who's gonna get the ax.
Wilson : So, any thoughts?
House : On what? Sharon's plan for Gaza?
UNK: Who you gonna let go?
House : I'm thinking I can convince Vogler it would be more cost-efficient to keep all of them. Yeah, you should be able to pull that off.
Wilson : Most billionaires aren't very good with numbers.
UNK: It will be more cost-efficient once I grab Cameron's ass, call Foreman a spade, and Chase...
UNK: Well, I'll grab his ass too.
Wilson : You are uniquely talented in many areas, but office politics is not one of them.
Wilson : Don't take Vogler on.
Cashier : - Separate or together? - Together.
Chase : Increasing glucose to 6.9 milligrams per minute.
Mom : Are you okay? I'm thirsty.
Cameron : Just a little bit longer, and you'll be done. - Like Dr. Chase.
Chase : Wanna put some money on it?
Jessica : I said I'm thirsty. Just five more minutes.
UNK: Okay, sweetheart? I'm not your sweetheart. Don't call me that.
Mom : - Jessica, that's not nice. - They're the ones who aren't nice.
UNK: Jessica. You're not, either. I don't wanna do this anymore.
Mom : Jessica. Jessica, you have to calm down. No! No!
Jessica : Let me go.
UNK: Check her blood sugar. She's gotta be getting hypoglycemic.
UNK: I've never seen her like this before. Something's wrong.
Jessica : Let go of me! Get it out of me!
UNK: Let go of me, you son of a bitch! You bastard!
UNK: Oh, no.
Foreman : She's sedated. Mrs. Simms, don't worry.
UNK: Hypoglycemia can cause temporary psychosis and is a common complication during an H.E.C. procedure.
Mom : I never wanted it done in the first place.
UNK: We understand you're upset... You were supposed to be monitoring her condition,
Mom : but instead you were bickering and placing bets.
UNK: I apologize if it looked like we weren't devoting our full attention to your daughter, but I assure you...
Mom : Oh, please. Save your pathetic insincerity for your boyfriend.
House : You're wrong. She is, in fact, pathetically sincere. And they didn't screw it up.
Mom : - Who are you? - I'm from the lab.
UNK: The blood tests show your daughter was not hypoglycemic, which means her psychosis wasn't caused by anything these doctors did.
Mom : - So then what was it caused by? - I've no idea.
UNK: Huh. But you'll be happy to hear it cannot be cured by diet or exercise.