Castle : Now that...
Castle : That is a case worth investigating.
Castle : - Hey. - Well, hello, Captain.
UNK: I'm glad you're around.
Perlmutter : I've been meaning to say how proud I am ofyou.
UNK: Oh. For what?
Perlmutter : For breaking up with Mr. Castle, of course.
Perlmutter : Now you're free to meet a man who can really appreciate you.
UNK: Um...
Perlmutter : - Like my brother, Edgar. - Your, uh, brother?
Perlmutter : My identical twin.
UNK: Oh, there's two ofyou?
Perlmutter : I'd be happy to introduce you...
Beckett : Yeah, no. Uh, no. But thank you, Perlmutter.
Beckett : It's just that I'm not quite ready to date right now.
Beckett : But I understand that you have confirmed
Beckett : that our victim is Eddie Ramirez, right?
UNK: Yes. Uh, here are his personal effects.
Perlmutter : Cause of death was blunt force trauma to the skull.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Perlmutter : Based on lividity, I'd say it took place between 9 : 00 and 11 : 00 last night.
UNK: So, then the killer must've dumped his body in the snake pit
Beckett : to slow down our investigation.
Castle : Genius plan!
Perlmutter : Mr. Castle, what the hell are you doing here?
Castle : It's nice to see you, too, Perlmutter.
Perlmutter : Can't you see the lady doesn't love you anymore?
Perlmutter : Be a man. walk away.
Perlmutter : See, it's because of nitwit, pretty boys like you
Perlmutter : that good men like my brother, Edgar, struggle to...
Beckett : Uh, Perlmutter,
Beckett : would you mind giving us the room just for a moment?
Perlmutter : There's a scalpel and a rib spreader ifyou need them.
UNK: Wow!
Castle : - Perlmutter really doesn't like me. - Neither do I right now.
Castle : I know, I know. I just wanted to see the snakes.
Beckett : Help yourself, Castle. They're all at the zoo.
UNK: Really? They're not here? I thought they would be evidence or something.
Beckett : No, but this might be.
Beckett : Someone sent the victim a text yesterday.
UNK: "Where go my money, Eddie? Yous owe huge."
UNK: "Paybacks time. I got ways for to get you dead..."
UNK: It was sent by a blocked number.
UNK: I'll see ifVikram can trace it.
UNK: "I got ways for to get you dead"?
Castle : That's a particular syntax. Unique grammatical structure.
Castle : Perhaps denoting a cultural significance.
Beckett : Or maybe bad autocorrect.
Castle : No, Beckett. This was no error. This was a specific choice.
Castle : It was a methodical decision. Dialectology 101.
Castle : And I, being an expert in the English language,
Castle : would be happy to help you solve this linguistic mystery.
UNK: Castle, you're not gonna work the case.
Beckett : So, why don't you just, uh, go back home,
Beckett : and I will see you tonight.
UNK: Oh.
Castle : While I do love kissing you, Beckett,
Castle : it's just a little creepy when you do in front of a dead body.
UNK: It's inappropriate.
Esposito : Yo, Cap, check out what we found hidden under Eddie Ramirez's bed.
Ryan : Ten G's.
UNK: The question is how does someone who feeds snakes and lizards for a living
Ryan : scrape together this much cash?
Beckett : Now, that threatening text that Eddie received
Beckett : was about owing someone money.
Beckett : I'd be shocked ifthose two aren't related.
UNK: Ifthey are, then I might be of assistance.
UNK: Vikram Singh : Turns out the text was sent from an untraceable burner.
UNK: Vikram Singh : But when the text was sent, it had to go through a wireless network.
Ryan : Did you track down the network?
Vikram : Yep. It belongs to an English as a Second Language school.
Esposito : Is there any connection to Eddie Ramirez?
Vikram : I spoke with the teacher who said that Eddie was a part of the class,
Vikram : but he was absent yesterday when the text was sent.
UNK: - AII right, guys, go check it out. - AII right.
UNK: "To get to JFK Airport from here",
UNK: "you can take the E Train."
UNK: "But since you are late for your flight, I suggest you take a cab."
UNK: "But since you are late for your flight,"
UNK: "I suggest you take a cab."
Esposito : - Yo, we're NYPD. - We need to talk.
UNK: "Yo, we're NYPD. we need to talk."
UNK: This thing about Eddie is quite a shock.
Emerson : The students have been talking about it all morning.
Ryan : We understand that Eddie missed class yesterday.
Ryan : Do you know if he was avoiding any of the other students?
Ryan : Perhaps someone he was having problems with.
UNK: Eddie? No. He was a sweet man, a gentle soul. Everybody liked him.
Esposito : Well, not everybody.
Esposito : This text was sent yesterday during class.
UNK: Any idea who might've written that?
UNK: "Where go my money, Eddie? Yous owe huge. Paybacks time."
Emerson : I don't know. It's hard to say.
UNK: AII my students are still learning English.
UNK: Well, then we're gonna need to talk to all your students one by one.
UNK: That's gonna be harder than you think, Detective.
Emerson : Most of my students come from countries where the cops are corrupt,
UNK: so, they're not gonna wanna talk to you.
Ryan : Look, Teach, we don't tell you how to conjugate a verb.
Ryan : Don't tell us how to interview a suspect.
UNK: Yeah, we're gonna get them to talk.
Beckett : And you couldn't get any of them to talk?
Ryan : Javi did get a contact number for Eddie's next-of-kin in EI Salvador.
Esposito : That's true. But there was no one home,
Esposito : so I had to leave a message.
UNK: Captain, we can drag each of the students down into interrogation,
Ryan : sweat the truth out of them.
UNK: Uh, no, ifthey're already afraid of cops, it's only gonna alienate them further.
Beckett : But there might be another way to do this.
Esposito : What do you have in mind?
UNK: Eh, don't worry about it.
Beckett : Why don't you guys dig into those students' Iives.