Beckett : and interfered with an investigation?
Castle : No need for sarcasm. AII you had to say was "yes."
Ryan : So, we just got off the phone with the Metropolitan Police Service in London.
Ryan : They sure did have a lot to say about you, Alistair.
Esposito : Multiple arrests for assault and battery.
UNK: They said you were an enforcer
Esposito : for a loan shark named Jimmy "The Bones" Barrett.
Ryan : Did you move to America and go into business for yourself, Alistair?
Ryan : Did Eddie owe you money? Is that why you killed him?
UNK: Haddaway man, divvin shoot ya gob off. Ah divvint dunch that gadgie!
UNK: Ah wes bind mortal in da boozah when Eddie went doon, like.
UNK: Ifthis guy is from England, why doesn't he speak English?
Emerson : I don't know.
UNK: But I think I knowjust the person to ask.
UNK: Aye. Doon the gate fa Snitter.
UNK: - Round the doors to Felton? - Mmm.
UNK: Way aye, I cannot forgotten it.
Hayley : He's a Geordie. From Newcastle.
Hayley : Though technically English,
Hayley : the language has evolved to include
Hayley : a certain unique vocabulary and grammatical structure.
Hayley : I can translate.
Ryan : You threatened to kill Eddie.
UNK: I sent the gadgie the message,
Alistair : maybe since I gannin' proper radgie, like.
Hayley : Oh, he says that he only sent Eddie
Hayley : the text message because he was furious.
UNK: Eddie asked us for to borrow me gypsy motor bogie, mind,
UNK: about two night ago, it was.
Hayley : He drives a gypsy cab, and Eddie asked to borrow it two nights ago.
UNK: But gone noon, when the gadgie done gave it to us back,
UNK: it was right hacky with bullets, mind.
UNK: - My goodness! - Sartin reivers shot wor bogie.
Hayley : So, when Alistair got the gypsy cab back the next morning,
Hayley : it was riddled with bullet holes.
Esposito : So, someone shot up your cab?
UNK: Aye, got me right radgie like.
UNK: Eddie told us he meant for to give us proper coterils to fettle it,
UNK: but the doylem divvin arrive.
Hayley : That's why he was so livid.
Hayley : Eddie promised that he would pay for the damage,
UNK: but then he didn't show up for class.
UNK: I thought Eddie gan ta grund,
UNK: so aw fashhed Jedart Laa, like, but aw divvin ivvor mean it, man.
Hayley : He thought that Eddie was trying to dodge him,
Hayley : and so that's why he sent him a threatening message.
Hayley : But he swears he didn't mean it. He's just really pissed off.
UNK: Um, let's assume that Alistair is telling the truth.
Ryan : Do you know where he took your cab? Do you know if he was
Ryan : - meeting someone? - Mmm-mmm.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Esposito : So, tell us about your gypsy cab. Does it have GPS?
UNK: Aye.
Ryan : Well, Alistair alibied out.
Ryan : He was blind drunk at a pub during our time-of-death window.
Beckett : And what about his gypsy cab?
Ryan : Looks like Alistair was telling the truth.
Ryan : Wherever Eddie drove that cab, someone tried to kill him.
UNK: Wow. Sounds like our mild-mannered zoo worker rattled a few cages.
Esposito : Actually, Eddie wasn't so mild-mannered after all.
Esposito : I got in touch with his next-of-kin in EI Salvador.
Esposito : Eddie used to be a cop.
Beckett : Wait... He was a cop? why are we just hearing about this now?
Esposito : He lied on his immigration forms.
Ryan : Why wouldn't Eddie want people to know he's a former police officer?
Esposito : I thought that was strange, too, so I did a little digging.
Esposito : Apparently there were rumors that Eddie was part of a corrupt police unit.
Esposito : These guys were accused of extorting criminals, taking bribes...
Vikram : Hey, so I've gone through the GPS on Alistair's gypsy cab.
Vikram : Looks like Eddie only made one stop. A place called the Saldana Club.
Beckett : Okay. what do we know about this place?
Vikram : It's run by Jose and Frankie Saldana.
UNK: A couple of low-Ievel players,
Vikram : but they've got priors for assault and trafficking.
Vikram : Plus word is they deal drugs out of their club.
UNK: Well, if Eddie used to shakedown crooks back in EI Salvador,
Ryan : maybe he was doing the same thing to these guys here.
UNK: And they might've killed him for it. Let's go.
Vikram : Jose and Frankie Saldana?
UNK: Jose Saldana : Yeah, who's asking?
Esposito : So what happened? Someone drop a grenade in here?
Jose : We're redecorating. You like?
Esposito : Looks like you boys got into a little trouble.
UNK: - Yeah, rock-climbing accident. - Hmm.
Jose : See, Frankie here forgot how to tie
Jose : one of those fancy knots.
UNK: Oops.
Ryan : So it's got nothing to do with Eddie Ramirez? The guy you took a shot at.
Beckett : Sorry, I have to get water.
Ryan : Eddie Ramirez?
Jose : - Never heard of him. - Really?
UNK: Because if a short 50-year-old man broke my face and stole 10 grand,