Caldwell : what is this? Some kind of a setup?
Caldwell : Who the hell are you people?
Hayley : You had better tell me what happened,
Hayley : or I'm going to shoot you.
Caldwell : The hell you will.
Castle : Just let him go.
Castle : Damn it, we were so close.
UNK: "The enemy of my enemy is my friend."
Esposito : Do you think the judge dropped a dime to one of Eddie's enemies
UNK: back in EI Salvador?
Ryan : Question is, how did the judge find out
Ryan : the names of Eddie's enemies back in EI Salvador?
Beckett : I don't know, but Castle said that the judge referenced Eddie's past as a cop.
Beckett : Why don't you guys see ifyou can find out
UNK: who had a beefwith Eddie back in his home country?
Beckett : - Yeah. - Captain Beckett.
UNK: Agent Napier : Do you have any idea what you've done?
Beckett : I have a feeling you're about to tell me.
UNK: Agent Napier : We lose eyes on Judge Caldwell for all of 10 minutes
UNK: Agent Napier : and the next thing you know he's canceled court,
UNK: Agent Napier : and he's holed up with his lawyer.
Beckett : I'm sorry. who is this judge exactly?
UNK: Agent Napier : Knock it off, Captain.
UNK: Agent Napier : We know you were on to Caldwell this morning.
UNK: Agent Napier : We pulled surveillance video from the courthouse.
UNK: Agent Napier : Your husband and his band of immigrant misfits
UNK: Agent Napier : are all over the footage.
Beckett : Okay, then I will make sure my guys question them.
UNK: Well, you'd better move fast,
UNK: Agent Napier : 'cause I plan on having each and every one of them deported for this.
Beckett : No, you want to go after someone, you go after me.
Beckett : But leave those people alone.
UNK: Agent Napier : They interfered with a federal investigation.
Beckett : Their friend was murdered. They wanted justice.
Beckett : Which includes the ability to live and work in this country
Beckett : without being victimized
UNK: by a government-appointed judge or a power-hungry FBI agent.
Beckett : Eddie's killer was solicited by Judge Caldwell.
Beckett : Which means he's complicit in the murder.
Beckett : So you help me identify his killer,
Beckett : and we will put the good judge away in federal prison for the rest of his life.
UNK: Agent Napier : Meet Alonzo Sanchez.
UNK: Agent Napier : Foot solider for the Sinaloa drug cartel based out of San Miguel.
Beckett : What's his connection to your case?
UNK: Agent Napier : Judge Caldwell expedited his visa 48 hours ago.
UNK: Agent Napier : We weren't sure why until you mentioned Eddie Ramirez.
UNK: Turns out that they have history.
UNK: Agent Napier : Eddie killed Alonzo's brother, Mario, back when he was a cop in EI Salvador.
UNK: "The enemy of my enemy is my friend."
Esposito : This must be who Judge Caldwell was talking about.
Beckett : Alonzo was out for revenge against Eddie,
Beckett : and the judge was all too happy to help.
Ryan : Alonzo Sanchez landed at JFK four hours before Eddie was killed.
Beckett : Okay, sounds like we have our killer.
Beckett : Now, we just have to track him down before he goes back home.
Ryan : We might be too late for that.
UNK: He boarded a flight 15 minutes ago. He's already in the air.
Esposito : Well, then we're done. There's no way we can get him now.
UNK: You can't, but I can.
UNK: Agent Napier : This is Agent Napier. I need to turn a plane around.
UNK: It's too bad your plane got rerouted, Alonzo.
Beckett : On the bright side, I spoke to the airline and you're still gonna get the miles.
UNK: You got nothing on me. I was here legally.
UNK: And what was the purpose ofyour trip?
Alonzo : Visiting an old friend.
Beckett : Visiting? Or feeding him to the snakes?
UNK: What?
UNK: Agent Napier : Come on, Alonzo, drop the act.
UNK: Agent Napier : We know you came here for Eddie Ramirez.
UNK: Agent Napier : He killed your brother.
UNK: Agent Napier : And Judge Caldwell, he greased the wheels to get you up here.
Castle : Judge who?
Caldwell : I don't know what you're talking about, man.
Beckett : We tracked down the cab driver
Beckett : who picked you up from the airport and then took you to the zoo.
Beckett : We know you killed Eddie.
Alonzo : Eddie is dead?
Alonzo : That wasn't me.
Alonzo : Okay, the judge reached out to me.
Alonzo : And, yes, I went to the zoo to see Eddie, but I did not kill him.
UNK: Agent Napier : So what'd you come up here for then?
UNK: A little friendly chat? Maybe a frozen hot chocolate at Serendipity?
Alonzo : I came here with revenge in my heart.
Alonzo : I thought that Eddie was responsible for my brother's death.
Alonzo : But I was wrong.
Alonzo : Eddie convinced me that he had been working with my brother in secret.
Alonzo : Protecting him.
Beckett : Eddie would tell you anything if he thought you were gonna kill him.
Beckett : So what made you believe him?
Alonzo : Eddie knew things about Mario
Alonzo : that only someone close to my brother would know.
Alonzo : And his attitude wasn't that of a man lying to save his life.
Beckett : What do you mean by that?
Alonzo : Eddie hated the man that he was back in EI Salvador.
Alonzo : What he did to protect my brother weighed on him.
Alonzo : He told me that he despised everything my family stands for,
Alonzo : what he used to stand for.
Alonzo : That's why he came to America. To start over, build a new life here.
Beckett : And he did. Until somebody took it away from him.
Castle : - Hey. - Hey.
UNK: Ooh!
Becket : So, Alonzo alibied out.
Becket : Looks like we were wrong about Judge Caldwell's involvement.
Castle : No. we're missing something.
Castle : Eddie confronted the judge and the next day he was killed.
Beckett : Well, we know it wasn't the judge. He was under 24-hour surveillance.
Beckett : And besides, he thought that Alonzo was gonna take care of it.
Castle : Eddie confronts the judge.
Castle : Twelve hours later, Alonzo's on a plane with an approved visa.
Castle : How did the judge even know about Alonzo? who told him?
Beckett : No, you're right. We didn't even know about Alonzo.
Beckett : How did the judge find out so quickly?
Castle : There has to be someone else involved in this conspiracy.