Beckett : Clearly one of them is hiding their true feelings about Eddie.
UNK: Right.
UNK: Hey.
UNK: - Hey, whatare you doing? - Nothing. Just reading a book.
Beckett : Do you really think you can figure out who sent that text based on linguistics?
Castle : Yeah, I can do that.
UNK: AII I have to do is hear them speak and I can match the syntax. why?
UNK: Well, you might be able to work this case after all.
Beckett : At least in an undercover capacity.
UNK: Really?
UNK: How?
Castle : Bonjour, everyone!
UNK: Hello, Jean-Luc.
UNK: Hello, Jean-Luc, welcome to our English as a Second Language class.
Castle : Thank you very much, monsieur.
Emerson : That accent is fascinating. Where are you joining us from?
UNK: A French Canadian! Wonderful, wonderful.
Emerson : And what do you do there for a living?
UNK: I am... Eh, how you say... I'm a chef.
Castle : A chef!
Emerson : Marvelous! we're having our international food celebration tonight.
Emerson : Cannot wait to sample some ofyour authentic French cuisine.
Castle : Oui, me, too.
Emerson : Well, class, it's time for us to break out into our small-talk discussions.
Emerson : Why don't we get up and circulate.
Castle : - Just... - Please.
UNK: Hello, I am Jean-Luc. Nice to meet you.
UNK: Hi, I am Kim Hyun-Joo. From Korea.
Castle : That is it. Please don't be shy. Tell me more about yourself.
UNK: Anything.
UNK: Ah, okay. AII right then.
UNK: Alistair Durcoyne. I'm out offettle.
UNK: Me nappa's knacking off gannin' on the hoy.
UNK: I was bubblin' Iike a bairn plodging doon the netty
UNK: afore gan yem to me scratcha.
UNK: Good. Okay. Very nice to meet you.
UNK: Hi, I am Aida N'Diaye. From Senegal.
UNK: I am Jean-Luc. So, what brings you to America?
UNK: Uh, you are speaking French Iike back in Senegal.
UNK: But we're supposed to speak English, oui?
Aida : I have come to America
Aida : because it is my dream to become a successful painter someday.
Castle : Very good.
UNK: Ah...
UNK: Hello, I am Jean-Luc.
Achmed : Hi, I am Achmed. I urinate now.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Hello, I am Jean-Luc.
Castle : Excuse me, monsieur, perhaps it would help me to... How you say...
Castle : Catch up with the rest of the class if I was able to look at their assignments.
UNK: You'll be fine, Jean-Luc.
Emerson : In fact, your English is already quite good.
Castle : Ah, excuse me. One of the other students would like your attention.
Castle : In the back. Keep looking.
UNK: Hey.
UNK: I've figured out who sent the text. Guy's name is Alistair Durcoyne.
Beckett : - Are you sure it's him? - Yeah.
Castle : The grammatical structure in the text "I got ways for to make you dead"
Castle : is a direct match to his homework assignment where he wrote,
UNK: "I went for to get some beer."
Beckett : Good job, Castle. I'll have Ryan and Espo take it from here.
Castle : Are you going to tell them about my involvement?
Castle : I have to.
UNK: I mean, I'll say you found out about the ESL class on your own,
Beckett : and that I had no idea that you were going undercover.
Castle : - You think they'll buy it? - Oh, I don'tknow.
Beckett : I mean, when have you ever gone against my wishes