Beckett : And no FBI alert came across my desk about your precious little stakeout.
Beckett : So, why don't you drop the attitude.
UNK: Agent Napier : How'd you find that locker?
Beckett : Our murder suspect had a key on him when we arrested him.
UNK: Agent Napier : And this suspect, does he have a name?
Beckett : No. Not until you tell me what's going on.
UNK: Agent Napier : I'm not at liberty to discuss the specifics of my case.
Beckett : Okay. Then I guess we're done here.
UNK: Agent Napier : It's Marco Sutter, isn't it?
UNK: He's the only logical person to have a key.
UNK: Agent Napier : You need to let him go.
Esposito : Screw that. He shot at us.
UNK: Agent Napier : I don't care.
Ryan : Well, you should, because ifwe let him go after that,
UNK: he's gonna figure out why pretty fast.
Beckett : I'm guessing Marco's the low man on your totem pole.
Beckett : And you're tracking the money from his shakedown operations
Beckett : to get to your real target.
Beckett : So, why don't you let us in on the investigation, we can work this together.
UNK: Agent Napier : Mmm. That's not in my playbook.
UNK: Agent Napier : But you're right. Marco is small potatoes.
UNK: Agent Napier : So you go ahead and keep him.
UNK: Agent Napier : You just remember my federal case trumps your homicide.
UNK: So, you steer clear.
UNK: So you gonna let that pretty boy steamroll us?
UNK: No.
Beckett : If Marco killed Eddie,
UNK: then we are gonna take him down along with anyone connected to him.
Beckett : But we have to tread lightly.
UNK: So, I'm gonna reach out to my guys in the FBI
UNK: and see ifthey can tell us what Napier is up to.
UNK: Castle?
Beckett : Uh, what's going on?
Castle : Hey. where's your passport? We've got to go to Korea.
UNK: Why?
UNK: Because I finally figured it out.
Castle : My missing time.
Castle : Now it all makes sense. It mostly makes sense.
Beckett : Wait a minute. Is this about what happened in your classroom?
Castle : I ate a dish today.
Castle : It triggered a memory.
Castle : I was in Korea, surrounded by locals, and I could see that temple.
Beckett : Tongdosa Temple.
Castle : It's in the South Gyeongsang province.
Beckett : Okay, well, we know that you were in Thailand, so Korea's not a stretch.
Castle : Yeah, I must have gone there right after.
Beckett : But why?
Castle : I have no idea.
Castle : I ordered more food in hopes ofjogging another memory.
UNK: It didn't work. But that's okay. When we get to Korea...
Beckett : No, no, no, Castle, I'm not going to Korea.
Castle : Yeah, you're right. I should go first. That way...
Beckett : And neither are you.
Beckett : We don't have enough information yet.
Beckett : It's too dangerous. You almost got killed in Thailand.
Castle : Yeah. Yes, you're right.
Castle : I'll just try to keep triggering more memories loose.
Castle : Are you in the mood for some kimchi?
UNK: 'Cause I bought, like, $400-worth and that stuff goes right through me.
Esposito : So, so far there's no physical evidence Iinking Marco to Eddie's murder.
Esposito : Do you have any insight from your federal contacts?
Beckett : Only that Agent Napier specializes in fraud and financial crimes.
Esposito : Since when does financial crimes trump homicide?
Beckett : Never, as far as I'm concerned.
UNK: Who's the sexiest digital investigator alive?
UNK: There is no way I'm saying "you," bro.
UNK: Okay, what do you got?
UNK: Anita Rodriguez, and she's alive.
Vikram : She's in Texas, being held in a private detention center, awaiting deportation.
UNK: Thank God she's allright.
Hayley : How on earth did you find her?
Hayley : There must be hundreds of Anita Rodriguezs out there.
Vikram : Her fingerprints.
Vikram : And the paper trail for how she ended up at the facility is pretty thin.
Beckett : - Intentionally so? - Maybe.
Vikram : But there was one name I could track. Judge Jason Caldwell.
Vikram : He signed the deportation order.
UNK: Andfrom his record,
UNK: there's nothing he likes in this world more than deporting foreigners.
UNK: But that doesn't prove that he had anything to do with Eddie's murder.
Vikram : No, but this is pretty damn incriminating.
Vikram : The day before the murder,
UNK: Our victim got in a shoving match with Judge Caldwell at the courthouse.
Hayley : Eddie must have connected the judge to Marco's extortion scheme
Hayley : and gone down there to confront him.
Beckett : If Eddie threatened to expose the criminal conspiracy,
Hayley : the judge would have strong motive to kill him.
UNK: I don'tgetit.
Castle : The financial upside to extorting immigrants cannotbe thathigh.
Castle : Why would a judge, who makes six figures a year, get involved?
Vikram : My assumption is Marco kept the extortion money for himself.
Beckett : What would the judge get out of it?
Vikram : Huge kickbacks from a private prison in Texas.
Ryan : According to Judge Caldwell's financials,
Vikram : he's got a sweetheart deal
Vikram : with a company that runs a detention center in EI Paso.
Vikram : He literally gets paid for every bed he fills.
Hayley : So, Marco shakes down the immigrants for money.
Hayley : Sooner or later, they run out of cash, and then Caldwell ships them to Texas.
UNK: Andgets paid.
Castle : I hate this guy.
Esposito : Me, too. Let's bring him in.
Beckett : No, wait. You guys, he's a federal judge.
UNK: We can'tjust go after him. Ifwe're wrong, then we'll...
Beckett : wait. Go full on the security cam.
UNK: Guys, look at thatjanitor.
Beckett : He's wearing an earpiece.
Vikram : Why would a janitor need an earpiece?
Esposito : So is the guy on the bench with the newspaper.
Beckett : Which means it's an FBI surveillance team following the judge.
Castle : He must be the FBI's real target.
UNK: Oh, we can'tgo at this guy. Not with the feds watching.
Beckett : Napier clearly stated that we were not to step on his investigation.
Castle : The NYPD can't.
Castle : But I can.
Castle : With a little help from my friends.