Ryan : Do you know who else Eddie was helping?
UNK: Yes.
UNK: Me. I came to him with problem.
Castle : What was the problem?
Achmed : A girl in my building is missing.
UNK: She is undocumented.
Achmed : Before she disappear,
Achmed : she tell me someone was forcing her to pay money or else.
Castle : - And you told Eddie this? - Yes.
Achmed : He promised to find her.
Achmed : I ask about this the day he die,
Achmed : and Eddie say it was all more dangerous than he thought.
UNK: Eddie said he'd discovered a terrible conspiracy.
UNK: And now he's dead. AII because of me.
Castle : No, Achmed, it is not your fault.
Castle : But perhaps I can help. What is this girl's name?
Achmed : Anita Rodriguez.
UNK: So, I lookedinto ourmissing neighbor.
Achmed : Anita Rodriguez.
Beckett : Now, because she's undocumented, there's next to no public record of her.
Beckett : But I did find out that she was working at a cleaning company off the books.
UNK: Now, a week-and-a-half ago,
Beckett : she missed her shift and hasn't been seen since...
Beckett : Are you okay?
UNK: Yeah. Uh, something weird happened at ESL class today.
Castle : What happened?
UNK: Hey.
Esposito : So, we just got back from Anita Rodriguez's apartment.
Esposito : We got a hit on a print.
Beckett : Marco Sutter?
Ryan : Yeah, he's an enforcer from up in the Corona neighborhood.
Ryan : Organized Crime has a file on this guy.
Ryan : Extortion, money laundering, assault with intent.
UNK: AII right, go pick him up.
Beckett : Marco Sutter?
UNK: NYPD.
Ryan : Hold it right there.
UNK: Gun!
Beckett : Let's go!
UNK: Go!
UNK: NYPD!
Ryan : - Let me see your hands! - Let me see your hands up right now!
UNK: Put 'em out the window now!
Beckett : Here's what I think.
Beckett : You tried to extort a powerless immigrant.
UNK: And when she wouldn't pay, you killed her.
UNK: And when Eddie Ramirez came Iooking for her, you killed him, too.
Marco : I want a lawyer.
UNK: Hey.
Beckett : Marco lawyered up.
Ryan : But check this out.
Ryan : Found something interesting tucked inside his wallet.
UNK: We traced it to a locker out of the G.w. Bridge bus station.
Kim : I doubt Marco's keeping his laundry there.
Beckett : Could be evidence we can use as leverage.
Esposito : We'll look into it.
UNK: Oh, what a day.
Esposito : Tell me about it.
Esposito : A pit of snakes, getting shot at...
Ryan : Thank God it's almost over.
Aida : I don't think that I could take any more excitement.
UNK: FBI!
UNK: Get down! Let me see your hands!
UNK: - Hands behind your back. - Don't move!
UNK: That's great work, Captain.
UNK: Agent Napier : Do you know how long the FBI's been on this case?
Aida : Two years!
UNK: Agent Napier : Before Crockett and Tubbs here T-boned my stakeout.
Beckett : Detectives Ryan and Esposito are investigating a homicide, Agent Napier.