Esposito : I'd remember.
Esposito : Let me jog your memory. Eddie...
UNK: Uh, something on your mind?
Bartender : They're lying their asses off. That man, Eddie Ramirez, he was here.
Castle : - What happened? - Came in all calm.
Bartender : Next thing I know, he's beating the crap out of Jose and Frankie.
UNK: Forced them to fill up a briefcase with cash.
Beckett : - And you saw that all happen? - Oh, yeah. As Eddie was walking out,
Bartender : Frankie grabbed a gun from under the bar,
UNK: hobbled out and shot up the guy's car.
Beckett : Okay, then what about last night?
Beckett : Did they go after Eddie, try to get their revenge?
Bartender : They couldn't have. They were both laid up in the hospital.
Bartender : Just got released this morning.
Beckett : Why would Eddie come here to shake them down for money?
Aida : I don't think this was a straight-up shakedown.
UNK: I overheard Eddie saying that
Bartender : he was doing this for some girl that used to work here. waitress.
Beckett : What girl?
Castle : Aida? You think she killed Eddie?
Beckett : Well, all we know is that the Saldana brothers alibied out.
Beckett : And clearly, she's wrapped up in all of this.
UNK: Why am I here? I've done no wrong.
Ryan : We just have a few questions about Eddie Ramirez.
Esposito : Look, Aida,
Esposito : we know about the robbery at the Saldana Club.
Aida : Eddie saw me crying after class three days ago.
UNK: Uh, very upset because I was fired from the Saldana Club.
Esposito : So, why were you fired?
UNK: I work two years there.
Aida : But because I don't have Green Card,
Aida : Jose and Frankie make me give them 30% of my paycheck.
Ryan : - They were extorting you? - Yes.
Aida : But from taking ESL class, I get self-esteem and I demand my money.
Aida : That when they fire me.
Aida : When Eddie heard, he was very furious.
Aida : He say he would stand up to them and get all my money back.
Ryan : Okay, if that's the case, then why didn't Eddie give you the money?
Aida : But Eddie was going to.
Aida : He call me yesterday morning to say he got $10,000 for me.
Aida : I just had to wait, because he was not coming to class that day.
Esposito : So, why wasn't Eddie coming to class yesterday?
Aida : He tell me he was helping another student with a problem,
Aida : a very dangerous problem.
Esposito : Wait, Eddie was helping another student from the class? who?
Aida : Eddie did not say.
Aida : But when he told me, he sound very nervous.
Bartender : Eddie say he uncover a terrible conspiracy.
UNK: Uh, What kind of conspiracy?
UNK: Eddie didnotsay. That was last time I hearfrom him.
Beckett : If Eddie was helping other students in his class, then that means...
Castle : He was the ESL Equalizer!
Beckett : Pardon me?
Castle : Equalizer, from the TV show and the movie.
Castle : He's a highly skilled operative
Castle : who exacts vigilante justice for innocent people who can't defend themselves.
Beckett : Yes, I am familiar with it, Castle.
Beckett : But Robert McCall's character was a good guy. Eddie is a corrupt cop.
Castle : Maybe he's making amends. Atoning for previous sins.
Castle : Isn't that what the American Dream is all about?
Castle : Trying to build a better future.
UNK: Well, all I know is that I'm trying to build a better case right now.
Beckett : And if Eddie was helping one of his fellow students
Beckett : with a dangerous problem, then...
Castle : That might be what got him killed.
UNK: And this is Achmed Sahid.
UNK: He immigrated to this country from Pakistan two years ago.
Esposito : He was a radar systems engineer in the military.
Castle : Achmed? wow. And what does he do now?
UNK: He runs a hotdog cart in Chelsea.
UNK: This is Kim Hyun-Joo from Korea.
Ryan : She's over here on an au pair visa for six months.
Esposito : Now, this guy was a lawyer.
Esposito : Now he's temping as a delivery driver for Ronnie's Chicken Hut.
Castle : What about Diego?
Ryan : Diego Lopez from Mexico City.
Ryan : He works at an elementary school as a janitor.
Castle : And what did he do back home?
Ryan : Worked at an elementary school as a janitor.
Castle : - Hmm. - These people all immigrated
Esposito : to this country in search of a better life.
Esposito : It looks like Eddie was trying to help them achieve that.
Ryan : Question is, how do we figure out who else Eddie was helping?
Castle : Well, tonight is international food night.
UNK: And since Jean-Luc is a chef,
Castle : I will be plying them with French delicacies.
UNK: You packin' poutine?
Castle : Javier, I'll have you know that
Castle : French Canadians are proud descendants of Parisian culture.
Castle : No, I'll be serving them pastries from Le Bernardin restaurant.
UNK: Ah, Castle, that's one of the premiere French restaurants in the world.
Ryan : They don't do take-out.
UNK: Perhaps not for Jean-Luc Delacroix,
UNK: but they will for Richard Castle.
Castle : Sorry about that.
UNK: This looks good.
UNK: So, the police were questioning you?
Aida : Yes. They want to hear how Eddie was helping me.
UNK: But I don't think it's what got him killed.
UNK: That laidly chavva done gotten his-self dead.
UNK: Ah.
Achmed : Did the police have any information about the case?
Aida : They did not tell me more.
Aida : Did Eddie ever say anything to you?
Emerson : No, nothing.
UNK: You eat myjapchae?
Castle : Oh, uh...
UNK: Of course. There.