Castle : and offered a reward for proof of anyone who knew what happened to me
Castle : during those eight weeks I disappeared?
Beckett : But, Castle, those letters are over a year old,
Beckett : and we've already proven that all the theories were ridiculous.
Beckett : Why are you rereading them?
UNK: Looking to spark my imagination.
Castle : But, honestly, these letters are not very inventive.
UNK: They all either claim I was a victim of a government conspiracy,
Castle : or abducted by aliens and probed.
Castle : This guy even drew a diagram of me
UNK: - being violated by E.T. - Oh.
Castle : I need inspiration, Beckett.
Castle : And although Lester's knowledge of alien anatomy is commendable,
UNK: it is just not enough.
UNK: Oh, sorry. Just a second.
UNK: Beckett. Okay. AII right. I will be right there.
UNK: You know that I would love to take you...
Castle : But we have to maintain the ruse of our separation until you capture LokSat.
Castle : I know, I know. I just...
Castle : what am I supposed to write about without my muse, Beckett?
Castle : I need you. I'm Sherlock without watson.
Beckett : No. You probably mean watson without your Sherlock,
Beckett : because after all, my darling, you're the writer.
UNK: Okay, I'll see ya.
UNK: Uh, you know what?
Beckett : Why don't you just go to your PI office
UNK: ifyou're so desperate for a case to solve?
Beckett : Maybe Alexis and Hayley have something that's worthy of inspiration.
Beckett : Good morning, Ryan.
UNK: Hey.
Beckett : So, I, uh, saw the broken door outside. Robbery gone wrong?
UNK: No, we don't think so.
Ryan : According to the zoo supervisor, all the animals are accounted for.
Beckett : - Is that a snake hook? - Yep.
Esposito : Looks like our victim was bludgeoned to death with it.
UNK: Okay. who is the victim?
UNK: Uh, we're not 100% sure yet.
Ryan : The zoo supervisor thinks that it's Eddie Ramirez,
Ryan : the nighttime animal caretaker.
UNK: If it is, then he's an EI Salvador native
Ryan : who's lived in the States for the past year...
UNK: Yeah, I'm sorry. Uh, can we go back?
Beckett : Why are you having trouble ID'ing the victim?
Esposito : We can't positively ID the victim yet,
Esposito : because the killer tossed his body into...
UNK: Me Sidney Perlmutter : A pit filled with deadly snakes.
UNK: Okay. well, that's a first.
Castle : Your fearless leader has arrived!
UNK: Oh, yay. Now go file these.
UNK: Wow, I take it business has been good.
UNK: We're working three cases right now.
UNK: Got a corporate malfeasance,
UNK: an insurance fraud and a financial embezzlement.
Castle : Wow. You know what all three of those cases have in common?
UNK: Agent Napier : - Mmm. - They're all incredibly boring.
UNK: You guys, come on! When did you sell out?
Alexis : - Excuse me? - I think what you meant to say, Rick,
UNK: was, "Thank you so much, ladies",
UNK: "for taking my money pit of a hobby"
UNK: "and making it into a profitable business."
Castle : I didn't open this place to make money. I opened it for the exciting cases.
Castle : You know, the double-crossing dame.
Castle : The stolen relic. A locked-room mystery.
Alexis : Dad, you're just naming plots from 1940s gumshoe novels.
Alexis : Speaking of, aren't you supposed to be writing your next Nikki Heat book?
Castle : Would if I could.
Castle : Come on, guys, Iet's just ditch this corporate nonsense
Castle : and find a case worthy of investigating.
Castle : You know, with mysteries, with bold characters
UNK: and twists and turns... And a murdered man ends up in a pit of deadly snakes?