Castle : Someone close to Eddie.
Beckett : The only people that are close to him are in the ESL class.
Beckett : So, who would kill him?
Ryan : I think I know.
Castle : And you know what this means, Beckett?
Castle : After all these years, I finally get to say "J'accuse."
UNK: we're gonna focus in on the verbs.
Emerson : Now, if we had...
UNK: Jean-Luc, you're late.
UNK: It's all right. Have a seat.
Emerson : Actually, Monsieur Emerson,
UNK: Sure.
UNK: Jean-Luc, did you bring these men here?
Castle : Oh, yeah, they're with me.
Castle : They're here to arrest you for the murder of Eddie Ramirez.
UNK: What?
Esposito : We know you were working with Judge Caldwell.
Esposito : Funneling him immigrants from this school
Esposito : in exchange for a cut of the extortion money.
UNK: You knew each of their pressure points, which ones were illegal.
Emerson : - That's absurd. - Is it?
UNK: Then why are so many ofyour students in those private detention centers?
Ryan : Too many to be a coincidence.
UNK: It was a solid plan. I mean, who's gonna notice?
Castle : They're here alone, marginalized by society.
Castle : In your position, I would've done the same thing.
Esposito : - No, you wouldn't. - No, I wouldn't have. I have a soul.
Esposito : Come on, let's go.
Castle : Everyone, I have some good news!
Castle : Anita Rodriguez has been released.
Castle : And a federal investigation has been launched
Castle : into the private detention facility that was holding her.
UNK: Nice.
Achmed : - What about the judge? - Your teacher sold him out.
UNK: He confessed everything.
Castle : Now the FBI can properly prosecute the judge and justice has been served.
UNK: Oh, but who will finish teaching us now?
Kim : I saw on the website. It's Mr. Castle.
UNK: Oh...
UNK: Uh, I'm so sorry. I have no idea how that got on there.
Hayley : I do. Only the Castle who will be filling in isn't a mister.
Alexis : - It's me. - Really?
Castle : - Nice work. - Thanks.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : Darling, I am so proud!
UNK: Martha Rodgers : Isn't she lovely? Okay, everyone, shall we dine? Follow me.
Castle : Ah, yes. And, everyone, we are so glad you were all able to join us.
Castle : Now, we celebrated your food earlier.
Castle : We think it's time for you guys to celebrate some American food.
Achmed : This is American food?
UNK: It's very international.
Martha : Exactly. And this country was founded by immigrants.
Martha : And it's those customs and cultures that have shaped and molded us.
Beckett : And you!
Martha : And you are the ones that make this country great.
Castle : Mother, I couldn't have said it better myself. Now let's dig in.
Martha : Yes, yes.
UNK: There's plates behind you there.
UNK: Mmm.
Beckett : What is it?
Castle : I wasn't in Korea.
Castle : I was in Koreatown in Los Angeles.
Castle : Beckett, I've got to go to L.A.