House : Some of us will be deplaning in body bags unless you cough up.
MAN : Here. Over here. Thank you. Thank you.
House : Thank you.
House : God bless you.
Foreman : Her brain is shutting down because of intracranial pressure.
Cameron : Or her nerves are dying.
Cameron : Because of the increased pressure.
Foreman : She has a bleed in her brain.
Chase : You said the CT showed...
Foreman : No tumors. But if she has an AVM leading to a cerebral hemorrhage,
UNK: we could've missed it. She needs a burr hole to relieve...
UNK: You wanna drill into her brain because of an invisible bleed the CT couldn't see?
Cameron : We should do an LP to confirm the presence of red blood cells.
Foreman : And her brain herniates and then she dies.
Cameron : Right. Better to kill her in the OR.
Cameron : Chase, what do you think?
Foreman : Here's a cliffhanger.
Chase : I think it would help to know what she has before we start digging into her brain.
Wilson : Might be better to play it safe to start. Do an LP.
Foreman : Sex better be damn good.
UNK: Lot of apples, not many candy bars.
Cuddy : Any antibiotics?
House : Three caps of Augmentin.
UNK: For six patients.
UNK: Give them to Peng.
House : He's allergic to penicillin.
Cuddy : The First Aid kit has two epi pens.
House : If he has a severe reaction, 10 epi pens won't save him.
House : You take the pills. He's worse.
House : He's a guy who doesn't speak English.
Cuddy : Give him the meds.
House : If it's not meningitis, we're risking his life and flushing meds down the toilet.
Cuddy : Then do an LP on him. If it's clear, you win.
Cuddy : If it's cloudy he gets the Augmentin. And we risk a reaction.
House : Sounds like a plan. All except for the part where we don't have an LP needle.
House : And the shaking of the plane means I'll probably pierce his spinal cord
House : and cripple him for life. But, I mean, it totally sounds like a plan.
Cuddy : You're right. Let him die. Give me the meds.
Chase : Got it. Damn.
Cuddy : What is it?
House : Shut up. Don't get hysterical.
Cuddy : Just tell me what the hell it is.
UNK: House. We should have turned back.
Cuddy : We should have turned back.
UNK: House.
House : Hold this.