House : Scuba certification card.
UNK: Big deal. I have one of these. Yeah.
UNK: But do you also have a receipt from Tekong's Scuba Rental dated yesterday?
Cuddy : Tell the Captain to drop as low as he can, under 5,000 feet.
UNK: We're at 38,000... Peng's got the bends.
UNK: He went diving yesterday.
House : Like an idiot, he surfaced too quickly, and like a bigger idiot,
House : he boarded a flight which is pressurized to 8,000 feet above sea level.
House : Low pressure is killing him.
House : Tell the pilot to dive until we can club baby seals out of the window.
House : And get him some oxygen.
Chase : Fifty years ago, it was one estate. The two homes shared an electrical system.
UNK: Unfortunately, the exterminator didn't know that,
Chase : so when they fumigated next door,
Chase : the poison gas flowed through the old pipe and into your house.
Chase : The scopolamine patch was masking the effects of the poison.
Wilson : You'll have to stay here for a few more days, but after that you should be fine.
Chase : I'm sorry about your cat.
Wilson : And your hair.
UNK: For 12 years, Harrington never left the property.
Fran : I thought I was being punished for going away,
Fran : but really I was being punished for coming home.
House : Thank you. I saved your life. You owe me.
Cuddy : I wasn't sick.
House : But you didn't know that. You owe me.
Cuddy : I know it now.
House : Your mind convinced your body to get a rash, photophobia, vomit.
UNK: How do you know it wouldn't have shut down your cold, cold heart next?
Cuddy : I don't owe you.
House : You're mean.
Cuddy : That's how I compensate for being weak and soft.
UNK: I just wanted to say thank you.
House : You're extremely welcome.
UNK: And I'm in New York every Monday.
UNK: Are you handicap accessible?
Wilson : Hi, Robin?
UNK: This is Dr. Wilson.
Wilson : Fran's doctor. James.
Wilson : It was a toxin. We caught it in time, and she's gonna be fine.
Wilson : Yeah, it is.
Wilson : Listen, I was just wondering if you were coming back in again to visit.
Cameron : Nice catch.
UNK: Thanks.
Cameron : Think even House would be impressed.
Chase : I don't know about that.
Cameron : Any idea how you wanna celebrate?
UNK: What?
Chase : I want more.
Robin : I thought you were getting a little worn out by...
UNK: No, that's not what I meant.
Robin : I know.
Cameron : I was just hoping you'd take the hint and pretend you never said that.
Chase : I want this to be more than it is.
Cameron : I thought we were clear.
Chase : In the beginning, but you can't tell me...
Cameron : Yes, I can. And I don't.
Cameron : It was fun. That's it.
Cameron : And now it's over.