UNK: I've got that. Oh, God.
Keo : What do we do? WOMAN : It's really bad.
House : Break out the bubbly.
House : Yo, listen up.
CUDDY : House, you're wrong.
Joy : Look at my hand.
House : Yeah. Look at her hand.
House : Shaking left hand. What is that a symptom of?
House : Not meningitis. It's basically a symptom of nothing.
UNK: I put the idea into their heads and watched it happen.
UNK: Same thing Peng cruelly did with the puking and the rash.
Joy : The rash is in my head?
House : Your mind controls your body.
UNK: If it thinks you're sick, it makes you sick.
UNK: It just started.
House : Still feel like puking? No.
Cuddy : How did you know?
House : LP was negative.
House : I came up with an alternate theory and I tested it.
House : Couldn't have done it without you. Rage is a symptom of mass hysteria.
House : Just one more thing to clean up. Peng set off the mass hysteria.
House : What set off Peng?
Cuddy : He really is dying. Yeah.
House : I haven't the faintest idea why.
UNK: What's extension pasturing?
House : It's when you're molested by a priest's cousin.
Cuddy : Do we really need these three?
House : Worried they'll make you look bad?
House : Could be symptomatic of head trauma, cerebral infarction,
UNK: or intracranial hemorrhage. Thoughts?
UNK: How long until we land?
House : Too long to wait.
House : His head's as smooth as a baby's bottom, no bumps.
House : So I think we can rule out head trauma.
UNK: But you gotta choose between what's left, a clog or a leak?
UNK: Air Foreman : You're talking of toilet?
Cuddy : House, is this actually helpful?
House : Not so far.
Cuddy : What about syphilis?
UNK: Well, first of all, he apparently speaks a language no one else speaks,
House : which makes talking up the ladies a little rough.
Cuddy : We're flying out of Singapore.
Cuddy : If he has a credit card and a condom, he can get anything he wants.
UNK: What?
UNK: Condoms.
House : He has focal limb paralysis.
UNK: Air Chase : His legs got paralyzed by a condom?
House : No, by cocaine.
UNK: It was inside the condom.