House : That's close enough.
House : And you get morally outraged at everything I say.
UNK: That's a permanent marker, you know.
UNK: Wow.
House : You guys are good.
House : We are looking for the simplest way to explain these symptoms.
House : Organophosphate poisoning. Some international flights spray pesticides.
Cuddy : Could be.
UNK: Air Foreman : Sorry, English not so nice.
UNK: Air Cameron : Is this a joke?
Cuddy : Just passed the halfway mark.
Cuddy : Can't turn around. Nice call.
House : No worries.
UNK: We think it's pesticide poisoning.
Keo : We don't spray these flights.
House : Dramamine overdose.
CUDDY : Wouldn't explain the fever.
House : Jet lag. Wouldn't explain the abdominal pain.
House : Deep vein thrombosis. Wouldn't explain the nausea.
House : Food poisoning. What was on the menu?
Keo : Steak and sea bass in First Class. Fettuccine and seafood kebabs in Economy.
UNK: Since when does food poisoning cause a rash?
House : Sea bass, seafood kebabs? He had the sea bass.
House : Please tell me she had the kebabs.
Keo : I think so.
House : Ciguatera poisoning.
UNK: It's an instant-onset toxin.
House : Symptoms include... E. All of the above.
UNK: It's only found in certain kinds of tropical game fish such as...
Keo : Sea bass?
House : Make sure you get a resume from him.
Cuddy : Meningococcus makes just as much sense.
Robin : I know.
UNK: What did you find?
Cameron : Nothing in her house. Big waste of time.
UNK: Medically.
Foreman : CT was a complete waste.
UNK: She was negative for tumors, her blood was negative for drugs,
Foreman : heavy metals, tropical diseases, food poisoning, and STDs.
Chase : Also no sign of lead poisoning or sepsis.
Chase : Apparently Venezuelan tattoo parlors have standards after all.
Cameron : Good to know.
Foreman : We sure she's even sick?
Wilson : Two more seizures in the last two hours.
Cameron : Which is slower than she was having them before you put the patch back on.
Wilson : I'm an idiot. She's exposed herself to so much crap I just assumed it was a zebra.
Wilson : It's breast cancer.
Cameron : Since when is breast cancer treatable by motion sickness meds?
Wilson : It's not. But the inflammation caused by the paraneoplastic syndrome
Wilson : caused by the cancer can be reduced by anticholinergics.
Cuddy : Hey, here you go.
Joy : Is he gonna die?
Cuddy : We're doing all we can. We don't know what's wrong with him yet.
Joy : Am I gonna die?
UNK: No.
Cuddy : Here, chew on these.
House : Good news is all the pilots are red meat men.
House : Although I was kind of looking forward to landing this puppy myself.
Cuddy : Peng's getting worse.
House : That makes sense.
House : First Class ate before Coach.
House : He digested more of his food before he threw up.
Cuddy : Or you're wrong and we're gonna start seeing neurological symptoms soon.
Cuddy : Seizures, paralysis, ataxia.
House : We're not gonna see ataxia.
Cuddy : You're so sure you're right. No.
House : It's just hard to show clumsiness when you're lying moaning in a fetal position.
House : Hey, stand up.