UNK: Number three : The way you play with your hair when you're nervous.
UNK: Number four : How brave you are for starting your life over.
UNK: Number five : How great you are with Ben.
UNK: Number six : The way you smell."
Chandler : What are you doing?
UNK: You want to open the window?
Joey : Oh, yeah.
Chandler : - What are you doing out there? - I'm...
Monica : You must be freezing. You know what you need?
Monica : How about a nice, steaming cup of hot Macholate?
Ross : Come on, open up.
Ross : Rach, come on. You gotta give me another chance.
UNK: No.
Monica : - No? - That's what I said.
Chandler : Maybe we should go.
UNK: You don't have to go. We're done.
Ross : I know how you must
Rachel : No! You don't, Ross.
Rachel : Imagine the worst things you think about yourself.
UNK: How would you feel if the person you trusted most in the world...
Rachel : ...not only thinks them too...
Rachel : ...but actually uses them as reasons not to be with you.
UNK: No, but see, I want to be with you in spite of all those things.
UNK: Well, that's mighty big of you.
Rachel : I said, don't go!
Rachel : You know what?
UNK: If it were the other way around, there is nothing you could put on a list...
UNK: ...that would make me not want to be with you.
Rachel : Well, then I guess that's the difference between us.
Rachel : See, I'd never make a list.
UNK: I never know how long to wait in this situation before you can talk.
Joey : Maybe a little longer.
UNK: In these recipes, the quantities may seem unusual.
UNK: Like these coconut Macholate holiday nut bars?
Monica : I've indicated four cups of coconut and four cups of nuts...
Monica : ...and only one tablespoon of Macholate.
UNK: Mr. Ratstatter : Doesn't matter.
UNK: Mr. Ratstatter : Our FDA approval didn't come through.
UNK: Mr. Ratstatter : Something about laboratory rats.
Monica : Gosh, I'm sorry.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Anyhow, here's your check.
UNK: Mr. Ratstatter : Thank you for all the trouble you went through.
UNK: Mr. Ratstatter : Listen, you didn't eat a lot of it while you were cooking, did you?
Monica : Well, I ate some.
UNK: Oh, some is fine. Some is not a lot.
UNK: Mr. Ratstatter : So it doesn't burn when you pee, does it?
Rachel : Is that him again?
Rachel : Tell him I'd come to the phone, but my ankles are weighing me down.
Monica : I don't think this is the best time.
UNK: Look, can you do something for me?
Monica : Sure. What?
Phoebe : All right.
UNK: Music?
UNK: Sure.
Radio : The next one's dedicated to Rachel from Ross.
Radio : Rachel, he wants you to know he's sorry for what he did...
UNK: ...and he hopes you can forgive him.
UNK: See the stones set in your eyes
UNK: See the thorn twist in your side
UNK: I'll wait for you
UNK: Sleight of hand and twist of fate
UNK: On a bed of nails she makes me wait
UNK: And I'll wait without you
Radio : We've just gotten a call from Rachel and she told us what Ross did.
Radio : It's pretty appalling. And, Ross, if you're listening...
UNK: ...I don't want to play your song anymore.
Radio : Why don't we devote our time to a couple that stands a chance?
Radio : Avery, Michelle's sorry she hit you with her car...
Radio : ...and she hopes you two will work it out.
UNK: There's a room where
UNK: I can go
UNK: And tell my secrets to
UNK: In my room
UNK: In my room
UNK: Mr. Ratstatter : Thanks for coming in again.
Monica : Not at all. I have no morals, and I need the cash.
UNK: It's like I'm looking in a mirror.
UNK: Anyway, they're called Fish-tachios.
UNK: Mr. Ratstatter : They taste exactly like pistachios...
UNK: Mr. Ratstatter : ...but they're made of reconstituted fish bits.
UNK: Mr. Ratstatter : Here, try one.
Phoebe : - All right. - You're not allergic to anything?
Monica : Cat hair.
UNK: Mr. Ratstatter : Oh, sorry.