Lucas : There won't be any. I'm ceasing all offensive operations.
UNK: I've both made my point and established my superiority.
Lucas : And if you even get to the planning stages of retaliation,
Lucas : I will tell Cuddy that she lost her dream place to you two.
Lucas : See, she's under this odd impression
Lucas : that you guys are her friends.
Chase : There's no cancer.
Chase : We scanned him head to toe,
Chase : we checked blood smears for leukemia,
Chase : we even ultrasounded his chest looking for breast cancer.
House : Maybe I was wrong about the weight loss.
Taub : You weren't wrong. We found blood in his catheter bag.
Taub : His kidneys are failing.
Thirteen : So it has to be cancer.
Chase : Paraneoplastic syndrome is the only thing
Thirteen : that can link kidney, heart and liver,
Thirteen : even the rage.
UNK: Then why can't we find it?
Foreman : We've looked everywhere inside this guy.
House : What if it's not inside?
House : You know why you're black?
Daryl : 'Cause God loves me more than he loves you.
House : Hmm. What I was going for was melanin. You got lots of it.
House : Makes your skin dark,
House : protects you from the sun's harmful UV rays.
Wilson : What are you doing?
UNK: Unfortunately, it also prevents
House : even those with advanced medical degrees
House : from considering melanoma as a diagnosis. Other hand.
House : On the rare occasion that black people do get skin cancer,
House : they usually get it on their white parts,
UNK: like the palms and soles of the feet.
House : But your hands and feet are so smashed up from football
UNK: that my team would likely have written off
House : any skin blemish as a bruise.
House : But now that I know that melanoma is the only thing that fits...
House : Come take a look at this, Mom.
House : There's the thorn in the panther's paw. Paraneoplastic syndrome.
House : Your body forms antibodies to fight the tumor.
House : Those tiny little proteins travel through your blood and wreak havoc.
House : We remove the cancerous mole, everything should be fine.
House : I'll tell Dr. Chase to schedule the surgery.
Daryl : Why bother? I missed my shot.
Daryl : What kind of life am I gonna lead now?
House : Did you study really, really hard?
House : Then the same crappy life
House : that the rest of the guys you'll be graduating with are going to lead,
House : minus the student loans.
Lucas : Hey, you ready?
UNK: Almost.
Cuddy : And done.
Cuddy : I heard House and Wilson are getting pranked by someone.
Cuddy : You wouldn't know anything about that, would you?
UNK: No.
UNK: And why should I believe you?
Lucas : You said I had a trusting face.
Lucas : I still don't understand why you wouldn't let me retaliate, though.
Lucas : They stole your dream.
Cuddy : Well, that's overstating it. It's just a condo.
Lucas : It's not because you feel guilty about hurting House?
Lucas : Or guilty for being with me?
Cuddy : We'll buy another one.
Cuddy : I just don't see the need to make a war out of it.
Lucas : Well, I think you're rationalizing,
Lucas : which a less confident man than myself
Lucas : might take as a sign that you're second guessing...
Lucas : Okay. You know what? Forget that last part.
Wilson : I heard Foreman and his brother
Wilson : are trying to work things out.
House : That's nice for them.
Wilson : It's nice of you.
Wilson : You didn't provoke Marcus to quit so the pranks would stop.
Wilson : You were becoming the common enemy they could bond over.
Wilson : You are the diabolical, yet benevolent puppetmaster.
House : I provoked Marcus to quit because he was no longer useful to me.
House : I hired him to get information, I got information.
UNK: Uh-huh.
UNK: And how are we going to get back at Lucas?
House : We're not.
Wilson : I win.