UNK: Bye.
House : Okay. No one who is employed by me
House : leaves here until they account
House : for their whereabouts the evening last.
House : What about you, Professor Chase?
Chase : Why would I?
House : Because you hold me responsible
House : for breaking up your marriage.
Chase : I was here all night with Thirteen
Chase : monitoring our patient's IV blood thinners.
House : Can either of you prove that?
Thirteen : The patient's alive and improving.
Thirteen : Is that proof enough?
House : For now.
House : What about you, Colonel Taub?
Taub : I was out to dinner with my wife.
House : Really? Your wife?
Taub : Yes, really.
House : Good enough. 'Cause I had you pegged all along.
House : You certainly had all the motive in the world.
Foreman : First of all, I'm not interested.
Foreman : Second, I don't even know where you guys live.
House : Yesterday, I confirmed that you are a liar.
Wilson : What are you talking about?
House : Well, at least a liar by omission.
UNK: House!
UNK: Don't.
House : Get this, class. Foreman's mom died.
House : He ever tell any of you?
Wilson : House, I think you're getting off topic here.
Thirteen : Is he serious? Did your mom pass away?
Foreman : About three months ago.
House : I'm so sorry.
Taub : Why didn't you tell anybody?
House : And to top it off,
UNK: he refused to say anything nice about her at the funeral.
Foreman : I didn't talk because it isn't anyone's business.
Marcus : Stop. You don't have to explain yourself to this guy.
House : You want to hit me, don't you?
Foreman : Marcus, don't.
Marcus : I quit.
Thirteen : You should stop him. He needs this job.
Foreman : Our patient needs a fresh IV.
Daryl : I don't need two to three weeks.
UNK: See? Got my color back.
UNK: It means you're getting better, but it doesn't...
Daryl : Means I am better. My coach had the team doctor come by.
Daryl : He cleared me to play.
Foreman : Did your team doctor realize you're on blood thinners?
Daryl : I'm off them now.
Foreman : You're still sick.
Foreman : You're not ready to go off your meds.
Glenda : Daryl, listen to him. It is not worth the risk...
Wilson : I'll come back on Sunday, Mom.
Daryl : You guys can give me all the meds I need then.
Foreman : The treatment doesn't work that way.
Glenda : Please, go with him.
UNK: The antibiotics aren't working.
UNK: We're going to switch you to different ones,
UNK: but you're going to lose your toe.
Jim : Outstanding, soldier!
House : As a general rule, before you celebrate, do a little research.