Marcus : We drove for about 10 minutes
Marcus : before we got caught and that was it.
UNK: When mom came down to the station,
Marcus : she didn't say a word the whole ride home.
UNK: She came to the driveway, turned off the car.
Marcus : We're sitting in there in silence.
Taub : And then, without turning around,
Marcus : she said, "I'll pray for you."
UNK: Then she got out of the car.
House : Wow. You got off easy.
Marcus : Easy for you, easy for me. Not easy for Eric.
Marcus : His life mission became to never disappoint our mother like that again.
UNK: Because he is a good guy.
UNK: Thought he would tell that story at the eulogy,
UNK: but I heard he didn't give one.
House : Your mother's dead?
Marcus : If he didn't tell you, I'm sure he had a reason.
Marcus : Look, you can mock him all you want about peeing the bed,
Marcus : but please don't bring up our mother.
Foreman : Your blood contains an abnormally high volume of certain proteins,
Foreman : called cryoglobulins.
Foreman : They become thick when it gets cold outside.
Foreman : It's like a car trying to run after the oil's turned to sludge.
Foreman : We think that's what's been causing all your problems.
Daryl : So I just need a quick oil change and I'm good to go.
Foreman : This oil change isn't so quick.
Foreman : We have to put you on blood thinners and other medications.
Foreman : The process will take two to three weeks,
Foreman : but after that, you should be able to play without a problem.
Foreman : After that, it's not gonna matter.
Glenda : Doctor, if Daryl doesn't play in front of the scouts
Glenda : on Saturday, he won't get drafted.
Glenda : Can't you wait until after the game?
Foreman : If we wait and let him play,
Foreman : there's a good chance he dies right on the field.
House : I had an epiphany.
Wilson : Usually that precedes you walking away with purpose, so...
Marcus : Flathead screwdriver.
Wilson : And then I say...
House : It's not a game, it's proof
House : that you didn't rig the grab rail and make me fall.
Wilson : I already have proof of that.
Jim : The fact that I didn't do it.
House : I can't go on that.
House : But I can go on the fact
House : that I had to borrow a flathead screwdriver from Nora
UNK: to install the thing because we only had a Phillips head.
House : Then, of course, I returned it late that night
House : in a completely successful effort to see her braless.
Wilson : Whoa! Wait. Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
House : Which means that you didn't have the tool to sabotage the grab rail.
Wilson : Braless? Under, like, a sweater? Or, like, a...
House : Now I also have proof that I'm not responsible for the opossum
House : because I'm absolving you of responsibility instead of escalating,
House : which you know is not in my nature.
Wilson : So someone is breaking into our place just to screw with us?
Wilson : The opossum was meant for me.
UNK: I'm so tired. It was exciting until about 2 : 00 a.m.
UNK: Now it's just torture.
House : Did you even go to college?
Wilson : This is the escalation, isn't it?
Wilson : Keeping me up all night.
Wilson : Nothing happens, then you keep me up all night again tomorrow.
Wilson : This is your retaliation.
House : You see, that's just illogical,
House : 'cause I'm staying up, too.
Wilson : Maybe you napped all day.
House : I gave you empirical proof that I did not prank you.
Wilson : No. No, you did not. You created empirical proof
House : that I didn't prank you,
Wilson : selling me on the notion that you didn't prank me.
Wilson : Maybe you self-pranked.
House : I don't masterprank.
Wilson : Is that cut on your cheek even real?
House : See? This is exactly what our nemesis wants. Divide and conquer.
House : Can't you see that?
UNK: Okay. I'm going to bed.
House : I'm telling you, if we sleep now,
UNK: we're going to wake up next to severed horse heads.
House : Or worse, the rest of it.
UNK: Oh!
UNK: House!
UNK: The flatscreen!
Wilson : You would never sacrifice the flatscreen.
UNK: Oh, this guy's good.
Cuddy : Is there a reason for this?
UNK: There is a reason for everything, mes amis.
UNK: I am troubled to report that we have a criminal in our midst.
Taub : Guilty of what, exactly?
Wilson : Last night the fire sprinklers flooded our apartment.
Wilson : And before that, I found an opossum in my bathtub.
House : You each had motive, you each had opportunity.
Cuddy : This is the emergency you paged me about?
House : Not so fast, Mademoiselle Cuddy.
House : No one leaves here until they can account
House : for their whereabouts the evening last.