Jim : Hey, come on, I waited an extra hour just to make sure I got you.
UNK: Why?
Jim : I saw you limping out there.
UNK: Vietnam?
UNK: Viet...
House : How old do you think I am?
Jim : I don't know. Vietnam age?
House : Well, back in my day
House : the real dodgers had the stones to run off to Canada
House : or shoot themselves in the foot.
House : They didn't come to free clinics whining for doctors' notes.
House : Go hug your wife, tell her to get a babysitter,
UNK: and you'll be back in time to video the kid's first steps.
UNK: Yeah, I don't need to see the scan.
House : I can tell from your little puppy dog eyes that his pituitary's fine.
House : Are you gonna say it, or should I?
Taub : You were right about the steroids.
Taub : You're a genius.
House : Next time, with feeling.
House : Put the cheater on a somatostatin analogue
House : to clear it out of his system,
House : send him back to his football game.
Daryl : I've never done steroids.
Taub : Well, somehow your GnRH got elevated.
Taub : This will help get it back down.
Daryl : Mom, I swear!
Glenda : Who's gonna draft you, Daryl?
Glenda : You're stupid enough to try that stuff,
Glenda : especially the week you know you're getting tested?
UNK: You guys must have mixed up your labs
Daryl : or got somebody else's blood,
UNK: because I never...
Glenda : Okay, what is that?
UNK: Tachycardia. Lay back down, Daryl.
Daryl : Why's my heart beating like this?
Taub : It's not steroids.
Taub : I need some adenosine, and get that crash cart over here.
Foreman : House, next time...
UNK: Marcus.
House : Oh, right. You two know each other.
Foreman : What are you doing here?
UNK: Interviewing.
UNK: Oh.
House : Who are we kidding? Interview's over, you got the job.
Foreman : What job?
House : My new assistant.
House : Part of his parole, he needs a job.
House : Just trying to do my part.
Foreman : You were wrong about the steroids.
Foreman : Patient had a paroxysmal tachycardia.
Foreman : We cardioverted him back to sinus rhythm.
UNK: We're going to get a EKG and a sestamibi scan.
UNK: Marcus, let's talk outside.
House : Family is family.
Marcus : Hey, good to see you, too.
Marcus : Did you have a hard stretch?
Marcus : Not bad, I hardly got raped at all.
Foreman : You can't work here.
UNK: But your boss says I can.
Foreman : I'm not playing.
Marcus : Lighten up. I mean, this could be fun.
Marcus : I get to see your world. You get me access to the pharmacy.
Marcus : I am playing. Come on, man. You look good.
Marcus : I'd already know that, if you came to visit every once in a while,
Marcus : but whatever, I get it. It's cool.
UNK: You don't wanna see me, you don't wanna pick me up.
Marcus : It's all justified.
Marcus : I'll just have to win you back over.
Foreman : Let me explain something. This man who's offering you the job?
Taub : He's not a philanthropist.
Marcus : He seems more helpful than you.
Foreman : He doesn't want to help you,
Foreman : he only wants to use you to screw with me.
Marcus : You know how you can screw with him?
Marcus : Act like your brother getting a job doesn't screw with you.
Foreman : Trust me, it'll be better for both of us if you go back in there
Foreman : and tell him you can't take the job.
Marcus : I'm not a person who has the luxury of turning down jobs.
Foreman : Well, figure something out
UNK: because you cannot work here.