Marcus : And if I can't get my own family
Marcus : to give me an opportunity to prove that,
Marcus : then what's the point?
Foreman : Mom and Dad gave you a chance.
Foreman : And a second. And a third.
Foreman : I'm not about to give you a 54th.
Wilson : Why isn't your minion fetching your lunch?
House : He's busy spying on his little brother.
UNK: What?
Wilson : That's very demeaning.
House : You obviously have a theory as to why demeaning is not demeaning.
Wilson : You're escalating to prove I was wrong about you being nice.
Wilson : Which you would only do if I was right.
House : Do you even listen to yourself?
UNK: Twenty-three-year-old just came in to the ER, asked for you.
House : What's her cup size?
UNK: I don't think his cup size is relevant to his condition.
UNK: He accidentally shot himself in the foot.
UNK: Oh, for...
UNK: Seriously?
House : I give you a choice between moving to Canada
House : and shooting yourself in the foot,
UNK: and you choose the bullet?
Jim : I didn't want to be a fugitive.
House : You think this is gonna get you discharged?
House : We'll patch it up and send you right back.
UNK: Well, don't patch it up.
House : Look, you got screwed over
House : by your own government and that sucks.
UNK: But all you're going to get out of this
House : is a five-day vacation and a band-aid.
Jim : When I signed up, I was just a guy.
Jim : Now I'm about to be a dad.
Jim : I go back over, there's a chance
Jim : my kid grows up without a father.
House : You got a girl pregnant. You're still just a guy.
Daryl : How much longer we have to wait?
Foreman : We have to keep going until you start feeling something.
Daryl : Might help if you told me what I'm supposed to feel.
Foreman : I do that, that's all you'll be thinking about.
Foreman : Then you'll be telling me that's what you're feeling.
Foreman : Power of suggestion.
Daryl : The other black dude who was in here earlier, he your brother?
Foreman : What gave it away?
Daryl : The way you looked at him.
Daryl : I have two older brothers, and we always want to kill each other.
Taub : Something wrong?
Daryl : Not really. Just feels itchy.
Daryl : Is that what you were waiting for?
Foreman : Means lymphoma's most likely.
Foreman : But that's actually good news.
UNK: How can that be good news?
Foreman : Because it's treatable,
Foreman : we can remove your spleen tonight laparoscopically.
UNK: Will I be up and around by Saturday?