House : Hit the kill screen, boss is here.
Taub : It's not porn, it's our new patient.
UNK: Bummer.
UNK: Twenty-two-year-old male, 6'7", 310 pounds.
Thirteen : Clearly has brain involvement.
Thirteen : The guy has no recollection of this entire incident.
House : Football player.
House : Those are the ones that get hit in the head a lot, right?
UNK: ER CTed him.
Chase : No concussion, no stroke, no cortical degeneration.
Taub : And he had a full psych evaluation. He's not crazy.
House : So it's roid rage.
House : You don't think they grow them that big naturally?
Foreman : ER also tested for steroids, he's clean.
House : Only proving that our guy got his hands on the good stuff.
Foreman : The negative test at least means steroids is less likely.
Foreman : We should discuss other possibilities.
UNK: Why?
House : He injects his sore ankles with lidocaine every game,
House : you think he's above injecting steroids?
Foreman : Repeated head trauma could damage the base of the brain,
Foreman : leading to a pituitary adenoma, which leaks GnRH.
Thirteen : Pituitary damage wouldn't be visible on a CT scan.
Chase : Could cause the excess hormones that could cause the rage
Chase : and would elude the ER's steroid test.
House : Fine. Bilateral venous sampling to find the elevated GnRH,
House : MRI to find the pituitary damage.
House : Unless, of course, there is no pituitary damage,
House : in which case, our guy got his hands on the good stuff.
House : Foreman. Let the peasants handle the peasantry.
House : Your brother needs to get picked up this afternoon.
House : From prison.
House : Your older brother, in case your confusion is related...
Foreman : How do you know about that?
House : He left a message.
UNK: He said he couldn't get you on your cell or at home.
House : I get it, you're busy, you'll pick him up
House : the next time he comes out of prison.
Foreman : Is that all?
House : You're officially unbusy. Family is family.
House : Take the rest of the day, go see your brother.
Foreman : I have work to do.
Taub : Do you feel any pain that's deep and persistent?
Taub : Not just muscles or joints.
Daryl : Everything hurts all the time. That's football.
Taub : It might not be just football.
UNK: We're going to test for damage to your pituitary.
Taub : If there is, it could create excess hormones,
Taub : which could be causing your pain.
Taub : It would also explain your rage attack.
Daryl : And if my pituitary is damaged,
Daryl : how long would it take to treat?
Taub : I don't want to get ahead of ourselves
Taub : and start promising deadlines.
Glenda : I'm sorry, Doctor,
Glenda : but he's playing in front of pro scouts,
Glenda : coaches and GMs this Saturday.
Glenda : This is the job interview for the rest of his life.
Taub : If we do find something wrong,
Taub : we can go in through the nose
Taub : and repair the damage, nothing too invasive.
Taub : You'll need a couple of days of recovery,
Taub : and then we can have you back by game time.
Daryl : Thank you, Doctor.
House : There's nothing wrong with your eyes.
Jim : Well, then, your gizmo's broken. I'm seeing spots.
House : Or you enlisted, you got the cool haircut and the awesome pants,
House : then you realized that your plane ticket
House : to the Middle East was coach,
House : and you decided to rethink your promise.
Jim : No. I've already been there.
Jim : Three deployments. Now they want me to go again.
Jim : But my wife's pregnant.
House : So our Homeland should be unsafe
House : because your Private was unsafe?
Jim : Look, my wife and I planned this perfect.
Jim : My enlistment was supposed to be over last week,
Jim : so we got pregnant six months ago.
Jim : Now they tell me I'm getting stop-Iossed.
Jim : Army speak for they don't care
Jim : about the fact that I've finished my contract.
House : I don't care about the fact that they don't care.