House : Not buying it.
UNK: Okay.
House : Why don't you tell me my real evil plan?
Wilson : I don't think there is an evil plan.
Wilson : You regret not having a relationship with your own family,
Wilson : and you don't want to see Foreman go down that same path.
Wilson : I think you're actually being nice.
House : Oh, shut up.
House : You can't accuse me of an opossum attack
House : and underhanded kindness in the same visit.
Wilson : Then I'll come back.
Chase : Treadmill test was a bust.
Chase : The guy's in unbelievable shape,
Chase : we couldn't get his heart rate above 150.
Wilson : Your boss is secretly a very nice man.
Taub : I know.
Chase : If we can't recreate the cardiac event,
Chase : we can't prove hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
House : Either we find a bigger treadmill, or...
House : Did I miss the memo about you being released?
Daryl : I'm feeling fine. I can't keep laying here
Daryl : in this bed, missing practices.
House : All excellent points. Give me your arm.
Glenda : What's in the shot?
House : It's a vasodilator.
House : Since we can't exercise your son's heart on the treadmill,
UNK: we're gonna have to do it chemically.
Daryl : What's wrong?
House : You're turning white.
Glenda : What does that mean?
House : It means he doesn't need football to get a good job anymore.
Taub : Raynaud's Phenomenon.
Taub : Vasospasms cut off the blood supply to his fingers,
Taub : could be early onset rheumatoid arthritis.
UNK: His rheumatoid factor is negative.
Thirteen : Arterial plaque throwing clots
Thirteen : would explain the fingers, head, heart.
House : You really think a guy with stenosis
House : could've aced that treadmill test?
Foreman : You're kidding me. You got him a desk?
House : And a nameplate. Man's got to have a place he can call his own.
Chase : What about Takayasu's arteritis?
Foreman : Lymphoma's a better fit.
Foreman : We should remove his spleen.
Chase : Bold move to skip straight to surgery.
Foreman : His big game's coming up, we don't have time to biopsy,
Foreman : wait for the pathology report, and resect.
Chase : Right. We should remove his spleen without confirmation
Chase : so he won't miss the big game.
House : Hang an ethanol drip.
Foreman : That won't treat for either lymphoma or Takayasu's.
House : If it's lymphoma, the ethanol will make him itchy,
House : and Foreman can remove his spleen.
House : If it's Takayasu's, he'll lose his radial pulse,
House : and Chase can start him on steroids.
UNK: Marcus!
Wilson : What are you doing here?
Marcus : My new assignment is to shadow you into enemy territory
Marcus : and document your every word to the patient.
Marcus : Just don't say anything stupid.
Foreman : You're not an idiot. Don't do this.
Marcus : Come on, man. I'm a new person now.
Marcus : No more drugs, no more lying.