House : The Army's Medical Evaluation Board
House : is perfectly fine with nine-toed infantrymen,
House : as long as they can walk and run.
Jim : So I lost a toe for nothing?
Hose : Afraid so.
Hose : Unless you want me to keep you on the old antibiotics.
UNK: We can let the infection spread,
UNK: then we can amputate more than just a toe.
Foreman : Why are you risking your life for this?
Foreman : Your mom doesn't want you to.
Daryl : My mom sacrificed everything for me.
Daryl : Her telling me not to come here
Daryl : is just another example of that.
Daryl : I do good out there,
Daryl : I could take care of her for the rest of her life.
Daryl : Who am I if I don't sacrifice for her? That's family.
Foreman : You okay?
Daryl : Everything's blurry.
Daryl : I can't see.
Daryl : Take me back to the hospital.
Taub : The blindness means we were wrong about...
UNK: Actually, I'm responsible for that.
UNK: I spiked his water bottle with nitrates. Dropped his blood pressure,
UNK: robbed oxygen rich blood from his brain, making him blind.
UNK: I figured a temporarily blind patient
Foreman : is better than a permanently dead one.
UNK: His vision was already coming back
Foreman : by the time I dropped him off at the hospital.
House : Well played. If only we could combine your medical chicanery
House : with your brother's ability to fetch me mochas,
House : you'd be the perfect Foreman.
House : Where are you?
Foreman : I'm busy.
Taub : Great, so we don't have a new symptom.
Chase : Means we should just stick him back on his blood thinners,
Chase : and he should be okay to leave in a couple weeks.
House : Actually, we do have a new symptom.
House : Any of you take a look at his readmittance chart?
House : Between the time he checked in
House : and the time he re-checked in,
House : our patient lost a single pound.
House : Patient like that would usually shed over 10 pounds.
Taub : The obvious answer would be steroids,
Taub : but since we've already ruled them out...
Chase : So he's not injecting, but he could be getting them naturally.
Chase : Paraneoplastic syndrome,
Chase : the body produces antibodies which battle cancer,
Chase : which could also act like growth hormone.
House : We've eliminated lymphoma. What other cancers mimic growth hormone?
Taub : Lung, pancreatic, renal, breast...
House : It was a rhetorical question, I don't really care.
House : Go test him for all of them.
Foreman : What are you doing here?
Foreman : You need a job.
Foreman : Maybe I can talk to House,
Foreman : see if I can get your job back.
UNK: As soon as he knows you're okay with me being there,
Marcus : he won't want me back.
Foreman : Maybe I can help you figure out something else.
Marcus : I promise I won't let you down.
House : Don't do that.
Foreman : Let's just see how it goes.
Foreman : So do they mandate you to stay here at the halfway house,
Foreman : or can you come stay with family?
House : It's Foreman.
Wilson : Well, it should stop now that Marcus left.
House : Well, that's the whole point.
Lucas : Oh, I'm sorry. Was my leg sticking out?
Lucas : I'm so distracted lately, trying to think of something funnier
Lucas : than fire sprinklers going off
Lucas : in the middle of the night. Any ideas?
Lucas : Whoa. Easy there, tiger. I know where you live. You know how I know?
Lucas : 'Cause my girlfriend and I,
Lucas : we tried to buy that very same condo.
House : Why don't you leave me out of this?
House : Wilson was the one who bought the place.
Lucas : And you're living there. You deserve to suffer equally.
UNK: Actually, I've suffered more now that you just tripped me.
UNK: Hey, hey. I'm...
Lucas : His suffering will equal out because he actually feels remorse.
House : Why would you out yourself?
House : You can't even imagine the retribution.