Foreman : We can get to the radiation in the off-season.
Daryl : Hey, Ma. Wake up. Ma, wake up. I'm itchy.
Daryl : Means I can play.
Wilson : What are you doing in the dark?
House : Lying in wait.
Wilson : Jeez, what happened to your face?
House : Right, play innocent.
House : Like you weren't looking for revenge
House : for the prank that I didn't pull.
Wilson : It's karmic justice, but I didn't do it.
House : Of course you realize, this means war.
UNK: Isolating the gastroepiploic artery.
Chase : Nearly there.
Chase : Foreman, come and take a look at this.
Foreman : Liver's inflamed.
Foreman : So the itching wasn't caused by his spleen.
Chase : It's not lymphoma.
Foreman : What happened to your face?
House : Wilson annexed the Sudetenland.
Foreman : No abnormal T-cells or B-cells,
Foreman : it's definitely not lymphoma.
Foreman : Liver biopsy only revealed non-specific inflammation.
House : Kind of like the time
House : you took your mom's birth control pills on a dare
House : and ended up with swollen nipples.
Foreman : That never happened. Right.
House : And your nickname all the way up through high school wasn't Erica.
Foreman : It wasn't.
Marcus : Okay, I may have made that one up.
Marcus : With the understanding that my brother still had his sense of humor
Marcus : and would figure out to play along.
Foreman : Polymyositis would explain the head,
Foreman : liver, heart, even the white fingers.
House : Would also be accompanied by a significant decrease in muscle power.
UNK: Marcus, chance to redeem yourself.
House : Does our patient look strong to you?
House : Sorry, Eric. Big brother disagrees with your diagnosis.
Chase : Felty syndrome?
House : You said the liver was inflamed, not the spleen.
House : Can you believe they let this guy perform surgery?
Wilson : What are you doing?
Taub : Requesting permission to share my idea
Taub : without being belittled in front of your new assistant.
House : Permission denied. Continue.
Taub : Our patient has cartilage damage in both ankles,
Taub : he gets lidocaine shots before every game to mask the pain.
Taub : Team doctor uses the same needle twice by accident?
Taub : Viral hepatitis.
UNK: Do you think he's an idiot, Marcus?
Wilson : I don't think he's an idiot.
UNK: Okay. Go test his blood.
House : Come on. We have a lunch scheduled.
House : So you jerked me around.
House : Your allegiance lies with your brother. I get it. Admirable.
House : But here's the problem. I hired you to tell me the truth.
House : If you don't do that, you no longer have a job.
Marcus : I don't know what secret you're looking to uncover,
Marcus : but my brother is a decent guy.
House : He was arrested for grand theft auto.
House : You're gonna be disappointed.
House : Try me.
Marcus : He tell you I was with him?
House : Was it your idea?
Marcus : We did everything together,
Jim : I don't know whose idea it was.
Marcus : I was 16, he was only 14.
Marcus : Little punk couldn't even see over the steering wheel,
UNK: but he was quicker with a flathead screwdriver
Marcus : than most people with a key.
Foreman : Sorry to interrupt my character assassination with boring medical stuff,
Foreman : but when we drew the patient's blood
Foreman : it clotted right there in the vacutainer.
House : So the problem is not in his blood, it's the blood itself.
Foreman : He's been working out in the cold, doing two-a-days,
Foreman : it's got to be cryoglobulinemia.
House : I usually love breaking bad news, but in this case...
House : Start the patient on warfarin.
UNK: I am so sorry about that. You were saying?