UNK: House!
UNK: Okay...
Taub : We spent all night, used all the fancy machines.
Taub : Patient's heart looks fine.
House : Well, if it was fine, it wouldn't go aflutter
UNK: just because you walked into the room.
Marcus : Light whip, two extra shots.
Daryl : Thank you, sir.
House : Judging by the look on your face,
House : I assume you're upset that big bro
House : didn't take your advice and skip town.
Foreman : You told him about our conversation?
Marcus : He bought me breakfast.
UNK: It was fun. Put lunch in the books, just you and me.
Foreman : Our patient could have a PFO.
House : Well, naturally you jump right to a urinary issue.
Foreman : PFO's not urinary, it's a heart issue.
UNK: It is? Oh.
House : Well, naturally you think it's not a urinary issue
UNK: because you're so embarrassed
House : about your own past urinary issues,
House : you don't dare broach the subject.
House : Oh, come on.
House : You spending the night over at Bobby Samson's?
Foreman : I did not wet the bed, I spilled a drink.
House : We're not buying it, Eric. We never bought it.
Foreman : Why are you telling him these things?
Marcus : What's the big deal? It was 25 years ago.
Foreman : Oxygenated and de-oxygenated blood mix,
Foreman : the rough flow causes a clot, explains the heart and head.
Marcus : Like that power forward from Loyola Marymount when he...
Foreman : Hank Gathers? That's not what happened to him.
UNK: Whoa, let your brother speak.
Foreman : What happened to Hank Gathers?
Marcus : Conference tournament.
Marcus : Alley-oop dunk, jams it home,
Marcus : then he runs up the court and splat.
Marcus : He dropped dead of a heart thing right there on the court.
Taub : I remember that. On autopsy they found
UNK: he had a hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
House : Rage and tachycardia are warning signs.
UNK: Seriously?
Foreman : Because my brother remembers a basketball game?
House : Hey, I don't care where an idea comes from,
House : as long as it makes sense and embarrasses someone.
Wilson : Are you out of your mind?
House : As a former psychiatric patient,
House : I take offense at that terminology.
Wilson : All I did was ban you from my tub.
Wilson : Whatever happened to proportional response?
Wilson : Whatever happened to coherent conversation?
Wilson : That thing broke tiles, gashed the walls, and pooped everywhere.
Wilson : Expect a bill for repairs. And payback.
Chase : What was that?
House : I have no idea.
House : Everybody else thinks hypertrophic cardiomyopathy makes sense?
House : Good, stick the patient on a treadmill.
House : Stress his heart until it stops.
Thirteen : You want to induce cardiac arrest?
UNK: The only real treatment is for the patient never to stress his heart again,
House : which means we have to tell him to retire at the ripe old age of 21.
House : Stopping his heart speaks louder than words. Go.
Cuddy : Maybe it's a good thing. He gave your brother a job, responsibility.
Foreman : I'm not arguing that he shouldn't have a job,
Foreman : I just don't want him having one here.
Cuddy : I understand that House did this to annoy you,
Cuddy : but why is he succeeding?
Foreman : You know what my brother did
Foreman : the last time he got out of prison?
Foreman : He stole money from my parents to buy drugs.
Foreman : He robbed a liquor store, then he moved on to jacking luxury cars...
Foreman : Last time.
Foreman : Every time.
Foreman : I've known my brother for over 30 years.
Foreman : You haven't even known him a day.
Glenda : I'm sorry.
Wilson : The exterminator charged 250
Wilson : to get the opossum out of there,
Wilson : and the contractor estimates 1,500 to fix the bathroom.
Wilson : And why are you jerking Foreman around?
House : Because it's fun.
House : Maybe you should give those bills to the guy
House : who left his own bathroom window open.
Wilson : Your motives always run deeper than simple fun.
House : I want to learn more about one of my employees
House : so that I can manipulate him
House : and destroy him if and when I choose. Information is power.