UNK: And so, Marshall, to honor Lily,
Priest : you must find that busty delivery girl from that one time
Lily : and plow her like a cornfield.
UNK: Delivery girl : Delivery for Marshall Eriksen.
Marshall : Where do I sign?
Marshall : And then watch out, because it is on!
Barney : That is the saddest thing I've ever heard.
Barney : Dude, Lily gets you in real life
Barney : She has no business in your fantasies.
Marshall : It's all I know, okay?
Marshall : I can't, I can't help it.
Barney : I accept your invitation.
UNK: Delivery girl : Marshall Eriksen,
Barney : from this day forward,
Barney : I will be the wingman of your mind.
Barney : Now, focus on the next dancer.
Barney : Put Lily completely out of your mind.
Voice : Gentlemen,
Voice : say hello J-J-J-Jasmine.
Marshall : Barney?
Marsahll : Is it just me or does that stripper look exactly like...?
Barney : Ted, we found a stripper who looks exactly like Lily!
Ted : Yeah, I can't talk right now.
Barney : I'm speechless, too.
Barney : Everything's as perky as we've always imagined!
Marshall : Stop looking at her.
Ted : Uh, look, I got to go.
Ted : Take a picture.
Barney : Oh, I will.
Barney : But first, I'm going to make Marshall
Barney : watch as I wedge Ulysses S. Grant
Barney : between his wife's tatas.
Marshall : I'll kill you!
Ted : Sorry about that.
Jen : So, any thoughts on food?
Ted : Yeah, do you wanna share the oysters?
Jen : I would love to share the oysters.
Ted : Good. 'Cause if you didn't...
Ted : ...that would be mighty shellfish.
Jen : Wow, that's bad.
Ted : That's why it's funny!
UNK: Ted and Jen : We've been on this date before.
UNK: Ted and Jen : We've been on this
Ted : exact blind date before.
Jen : In this exact same restaurant.
Ted : Correct me if I'm wrong, but I don't think that blind date went too well.
Jen : Me neither.
Jen : I remember thinking that you were a little snobby.
Ted : Wait, you...
UNK: You dress ur cats up in weird costumes.
Jen : They're not weird. See, you're being snobby again.
Ted : Oh, my God.
Ted : Do you realize what this means?
Ted : Since our first date, we've done a complete lap
Ted : of all the single people in New York
Ted : only to end up back here, with each other.
Jen : Whoa.
Jen : We're going to die alone, aren't we?
Ted : Well, you've got your cats.
Jen : This is insane.
Ted : Wait, I got to ask.
Ted : Why did you think I was snobby?
Jen : Wait... Okay... yeah, we were
Jen : sitting over there...
Ted : Main Lobster.
Ted : They spelled "Maine" without the "e."
Ted : Good to know we're not getting the crappy
Ted : understudy lobsters, right?
Ted : Tonight, the role of pound-and-a-half lobster
Ted : will be played by...
Jen : I get it, Ted.
Jen : Pointing out spelling errors in a menu
Jen : makes you seem kind of snooty.
Ted : Huh.
Ted : I had no idea.
Jen : Okay, well, what about me?
Jen : Aside from the cats, how did I come across?
Ted : That's right-- the check.
Ted : The check came
Ted : and, of course, I was going to pay,
Ted : but you didn't do the check dance.