UNK: Guys want to wave the girl off
UNK: and, you know, look like a big shot.
Ted : Huh. I had no idea.
Ted : This is good. We're learning stuff.
Ted : You know what we should do?
Ted : We should retrace the rest of that night
Ted : and figure out what else we do wrong on first dates.
Ted : 'Cause let's be honest-- we are scaring people off, Jen.
Jen : We really are.
Jen : Okay, I'm in.
Ted : Great. Where'd we go next?
Ted : I think we went to MacLaren's. Okay.
Jen : Hey, I didn't really talk about my cats that much, did I?
Marshall : And then,
Jen : there's Tabby-gail Adams, the jester of the group.
Jen : Tone down the kitty talk.
Ted : Check.
Barney : You will not believe who we saw tonight.
Marshall : Dude, um...
Barney : We saw the third doppelganger!
UNK: I should explain.
UNK: Over the years we had spotted two strangers
UNK: who looked exactly like members of our group.
Barney : Hey, hey, hey, hey!
UNK: Lesbian Robin.
UNK: And Moustache Marshall.
UNK: By the following summer,
UNK: we would find the remaining two doppelgangers.
UNK: But I'll get to that.
Barney : Ladies, meet Stripper Lily.
Lily : Oh! Okay.
Barney : Yeah, I couldn't get her face in it.
Barney : But she looks just like you.
Lily : So you went to a strip club?
Barney : Busted.
Lily : And there was a stripper who looked exactly like me?
Marshall : Okay, babe, look, before you get mad, let me...
Marshall : Awesome!
Lily : I bet the guys were going crazy.
Lily : Oh, I bet they wanted to touch her so bad.
Lily : But all you can do is look, unless you go
Lily : into the back room, but honey, you got to pay for that.
Robin : So...
Lily : Strip club.
Barney : Marshall made me go.
Ted : All right, so what did I do wrong next?
Ted : Let me have it. I'here to learn.
Jen : Well, I kept telling you I was cold, but you didn't offer me your jacket.
Jen : It's a little brisk out tonight, huh?
Ted : Not really. Really?
Jen : I can't feel my fingers.
Ted : I'm pretty impervious to stuff like that.
Barney : I couldn't admit I was cold.
Ted : I didn't want to seem like a wimp
Ted : compared to your action hero ex-boyfriend
Ted : who you wouldn't stop talking about.
Jen : After a day of fighting fires,
Jen : Jim would love to come home and unwind
Jen : working on his '68 Camo.
Jen : That or bare-knuck boxing,
Jen : which he learned in the Marine Corps.
Ted : I had an aunt in the Coast Guard.
Jen : Okay, so no talking about the ex.
Jen : Not even about his shockingly small wiener?
Ted : See? Why didn't you lead off with that?
Lily : Was there a shower on stage?
Lily : Sometimes there's a shower on stage.
Lily : I bet stripper me would get in there
Lily : with another girl and just go bananas.
UNK: See, Marshall?
Barney : We got to have a bros' night at a strip club
Barney : and both of our ladies are totally cool with it.
Robin : I'm not cool with it.
Barney : Because they understand that it's healthy for us
Barney : to do that from time to time.
Robin : It's disgusting.
Barney : Because it's harmless.
Robin : Did one of your whores tell you that?
UNK: And, Lil, Marshall shouldn't have to go to so much trouble
Barney : just to have an innocent fantasy.
Lily : Trouble? What trouble?
Marshall : It's, no, it's nothing.
Barney : Marshall, tell her. We're all friends here.
Robin : No, we're not.
Marshall : Sometimes I think about other women.
Marshall : Okay, it happens
Marshall : But even when I do, I feel so guilty
UNK: that I-I have to imagine you... passing away first,
Marshall : You're... you're just my life, baby.
Marshall : And I love you.
UNK: You kill me first?!
Lily : I mean, fantasize about other girls all you want,
Lily : but could you maybe not murder me?!
Marshall : Murder?!
Marshall : No! I, baby-no.
Marshall : You develop a chronic illness!
Marshall : I spare no expense for your care!
Marshall : We're, like, this close to a cure.
Ted : Remember?
Jen : Oh, yeah!
Jen : I do remember.
Jen : We went in here for a drink with your friends.
Jen : Who I loved... Or hated,
Jen : depending on whether you're still friends with them.
Ted : You loved them. They're family, Ted.