UNK: This is the story of two blind dates.
UNK: One in 2009...
UNK: And one seven years earlier.
UNK: In all that time, my dating routine
UNK: remained more or less the same...
UNK: ...until the fall of 2009,
UNK: when I finally had a date that was different.
UNK: Because it was exactly the same.
UNK: I was on a blind date with the same woman
UNK: I went on a blind date with seven years earlier.
Jen : Ted? Ted?
Ted : Jen? Jen?
Jen : It's nice to meet you.
UNK: And she didn't remember it.
UNK: But then again...
Ted : It's nice to meet you, too.
UNK: Neither did I.
UNK: Do you want to...? Yeah.
Barney : Guess who just got four tickets
UNK: to the "Origins of Chewbacca" Star Wars exhibit?
Lily : Why? No, I said, "Guess who?"
Lily : I heard you.
Robin : Yeah, um, isn't it a little early in our relationship
Robin : to do something that would end our relationship?
Marshall : What? No, what are you talking about?
Marshall : It can be our first double date as couples!
Marshall : And plus, it sounds awesome!
Marshall : Is the original Chewbacca going to be there?
Barney : Peter Mayhew, in the fur.
Barney : Who's with me?
Marshall : Hey, do you think they'll have
Marshall : Wookiee to English dictionaries there?
Marshall : I mean, even just an everyday phrase book would be helpful.
Barney : We're not going
Barney : to the "Origins of Chewbacca" exhibit, Marshall.
UNK: It's in Houston this year.
Barney : Everyone knows that.
Barney : I just wanted to get rid of the girls.
Marshall : Where are you taking me, Barney?
UNK: This wasn't the first time your Uncle Barney had kidnapped one of us.
Ted : Wait a second.
Barney : The "Origins of Chewbacca" exhibit's in Montreal this year.
Barney : Everyone knows that.
Ted : Where are you taking me?
Barney : My guy in the DA's office scored us
Barney : front row seats to a lethal injection.
Barney : But we're still stopping for chili dogs first.
Ted : Stop the cab.
Ted : Where are you taking me?
Marshall : Barney, why are we here?
Barney : Marshall, now that Robin and I are together,
Barney : I've learned a lot about relationships
Barney : by watching you and Lily.
Marshall : Thanks, man.
Barney : You're a terrible couple.
Barney : Lily has taken
Barney : all the man out of you.
Barney : I used to think that's just every relationship.
Barney : But what I've got with Robin proves that you can
Barney : have a girlfriend and fully functioning male genitalia
Barney : all at the same time.
Marshall : Okay, right.
Marshall : So, if Robin knew that you were here,
Marshall : she would be completely fine with it?
UNK: Are you kidding?
UNK: She'd sprint down here with a purse full of singles
UNK: and a poncho for the 10 : 30 Jell-O show.
UNK: BT-Dub, I called ahead-- it's lime.
UNK: Meanwhile, Jen and I were at my favorite
UNK: first date restaurant...
UNK: for the second time.
Ted : So, Jen, what do you do?
Jen : I'm between jobs-- banking crisis.
Jen : I'm between jobs-- Internet bubble burst.
Jen : Makes me realize I should
Jen : go into something more stable...
Jen : like banking.
Jen : So what about you?
Ted : I'm an architect.
Ted : Hopefully, one day,
Ted : I can use my own humble brush
Ted : on the masterpiece that is Manhattan's skyline.
UNK: I teach aritecture.
Ted : Get 50% off
Marshall : Married!
Barney : What is wrong with you?
Barney : You're just looking.
Barney : It's like fantasizing about other women.
Barney : It's harmless.
Marshall : What.
Barney : Don't tell me you don't fantasize about other women.
Marshall : I do!
Marshall : It's just not that easy.
Barney : False.
Barney : I once fantasized about that silhouette chick
Barney : you see on a truck's mudflaps.
Barney : Took me less than a mile.
Marshall : Not everyone is you, okay, Barney?
Marshall : Even when I do start to have a dirty thought like that...
UNK: it seems so much like cheating on Lily, that I feel guilty
UNK: So first, I need to have a different fantasy.
Doctor : Bad news.
Doctor : Lily has a rare and fatal hiccup disorder
Doctor : that's apparently medical illegitimate.
Marshall : What?! How could this be?!
Doctor : Beats me, but it says it right here
Doctor : on this doctor clipboard that doctors have.