Barney : You know, I don't come here that much.
Waitress : Hey, Barney.
Waitress : He's the usual and I'll send over
Waitress : the other usual as soon as she's done stretching.
UNK: Hmm...
Barney : Thank you, kindly stranger.
Voice : Ladies and gentlemen...
Voice : Oh, hey, Barney.
Voice : Didn't see you come in.
Voice : I'll load up some AC/DC for you, buddy.
Voice : Ladies and gentlemen, please
Voice : put your hands together for Jasmine.
Lily : I am hot!
UNK: TED 2030 : Ye. Oh, crawl for it, stripper me.
Lily : I is awesome.
Lily : Baby, can I get another hundred?
Marshall : That was a hundred?
Lily : Wow, she crawls fast.
Ted : Look, Jen, I wish I could
Ted : go back and talk some sense into 2002 Ted,
Ted : but that guy's a lost cause.
Ted : He's 24.
Ted : He thinks a little facial hair makes him look like John Depp.
Ted : And he has no idea
Ted : what a great girl he's missing out on.
Ted : But I've learned a lot since then.
Ted : I've learned a lot tonight.
Jen : The only thing that we've learned is that, seven years ago,
Jen : it was mistake for us to go out.
Jen : And I guess it was a mistake for us to go out tonight.
Ted : No, it wasn't.
Ted : I had a great time tonight.
Ted : And seven years ago, if you think about it,
Ted : we didn't miss by that much.
Ted : If a couple things
Ted : had gone a little bit differently...
Ted : who knows what would have happened?
Jen : Wow.
Jen : Wow.
Barney : You are the best.
Barney : My girlfriend is at a strip club with me
Barney : and she couldn't care less.
Robin : I do care, Barney.
Robin : Look, we're dating now, okay? That changes things.
Robin : We have to have a serious talk about this.
Barney : Just the best. Hey.
Marshall : Girlfriend trouble?
Marshall : I wish I could help, but my unbelievably cool wife
Marshall : just bought us a private dance with her stripper body double.
Marshall : So if you need me, I'll be getting grinded
Marshall : like some pepper, in the Champagne room.
Barney : Just the best.
Jen : ...now what?
Ted : I just remembered why I didn't call you.
Lily : Why?
Ted : I can't believe I'm gonna
Ted : screw this up again, but, um...
Ted : I like finding typos in menus.
Marshall : What?
Ted : And I know my shellfish pun is stupid
Ted : but the truth ...
Ted : I'm not suddenly gonna stop making stupid jokes.
Jen : Now that you mention it...
Jen : I'm never going to stop talking about my cats.
Jen : They're funny and adorable
Jen : and totally worth having to take six Benadryl a day.
Ted : Shouldn't we hold out
Ted : for the person who doesn't just tolerate our little quirks,
Ted : but actually kind of likes them?
Ted : Even if it means finding ourselves
Ted : on another blind date with each other, seven years from now?
Jen : Oh, dear God, I hope that don't happen.
Ted : Well... good luck out there, Jen.
Jen : You too, Ted.
Jen : You'll find your shellfish lady.
UNK: And kids, when I told your mother that shellfish joke,
UNK: she did laugh.
UNK: Ted 2030 : And I swear, it was only, like, 30% pity.
Marshall : Hey, Lil.
Marshall : Looks like, uh, Jasmine's having a hard time
Marshall : getting out of those boots.
Lily : What did you say, buddy?
Marshall : Lily?
Barney : Who?
Lily : Oh, yes... I am this Lily.
Lily : We married long time.
Lily : May I have monies for shopping?