Taub : TEE and intra-operative visualization
Taub : showed no vegetations on the valves,
Taub : no structural abnormalities.
Foreman : The dissection means we were wrong
Foreman : about alcohol causing a hypertensive crisis.
House : And by "we" you mean "you. " Yeah.
Foreman : You were the one who didn't have any better ideas.
House : It's not my fault. I was busy trying to judge Taub.
Taub : Since we already ruled out trauma,
Taub : the dissection's probably a genetic defect.
Foreman : We're running the tests. She's not marfanoid.
Thirteen : What about an allergy?
Thirteen : A severe enough one could set off a systemic immune reaction,
Thirteen : cause fluid in the lungs and inflammation that could weaken the aorta.
Chase : If it was an allergy, she'd be getting better in the hospital, not worse.
Thirteen : Unless it was inside her.
UNK: Meaning?
Nick : You want my sperm?
Thirteen : We think a severe allergic reaction could be causing a systemic breakdown.
Artie : To my son's sperm?
Taub : Actually, his semen is more likely the problem,
Taub : which I realize is not what you were reacting to.
Thirteen : When's the last time the two of you had unprotected sex?
UNK: Never. I use a condom.
Taub : You always use a condom? For everything?
UNK: Well, for most everything.
UNK: When?
Nick : The night before she collapsed.
Chase : I'm placing a drop of Nick's semen protein onto the skin.
Chase : Then I'll abrade it with a needle,
Chase : check for a rash in an hour or so.
Abby : Mom, come on, we've been dating for three years.
June : I'm not mad, sweetheart. I'm just confused.
Foreman : A systemic reaction can be triggered by the protein in semen.
Foreman : In most cases, the reaction is fairly minor,
Foreman : but in rare cases, repeat exposure
Foreman : can trigger a hypersensitivity response.
UNK: "Repeat exposure"?
June : I know, I know, three years.
UNK: Is this supposed to hurt?
UNK: A reaction should take longer than...
Abby : No, it's not that. Ow.
Foreman : Abby, what's wrong?
Abby : My stomach.
Chase : Blood in the urine.
Abby : Help me!
Foreman : No allergic reaction.
Foreman : On the other hand, now her kidneys are failing.
Taub : Could be some kind of neuropathy.
UNK: Syphilitic lightning pains?
House : It's not syphilis.
House : VDRL and enzyme immunoassays were negative.
Foreman : What about a blood clot?
House : While she's on anticoagulants
UNK: for the aortic surgery?
Taub : Interstitial nephritis?
House : Wouldn't cause the edema or dissection.
Chase : But cancer could.
House : Would you care to be a little bit more specific?
Chase : If I could, I would've.
Foreman : We could do a full body scan.
House : We hate full body scans.
House : And by "we" you mean "you."
Foreman : We also hate when a patient dies
Foreman : before we figure out what's wrong with them.
House : Do the scan.
Taub : How can you convince someone you're not cheating on them?
Foreman : Don't cheat. After a while, they'll catch on.
Taub : What if I don't want to wait that long?
Foreman : Take them with you wherever you go for 24 hours a day.
Foreman : So your wife's a little insecure. Is that so bad?
Foreman : At least you know she still cares.
Taub : I know she cares. What I want is for her to be happy.
Taub : What? You don't think I want my wife to be happy?
Foreman : Sure. As long as it makes you happy.
Wilson : What do you think?
House : I think you work quickly.
Wilson : Piece of cake. You give them money, they give you furniture.
Wilson : Not bad, huh?
House : Nope, it's not bad at all.
Abby : It's taking a really long time.
Foreman : Just hang in there, and try not to talk unless you really have to.
Foreman : It can affect the images.
Abby : What was that? Hello, are you still there?
Abby : I think there's something wrong with the machine.
Foreman : It's not the machine. It's an earthquake.
Foreman : Hold on, we'll get you out.
Abby : Get me out now.