Thirteen : Now you don't want me to do it?
Rachel : Just go to work. No.
Taub : I'm not leaving until we work this out.
Rachel : I'm fine. Please, just go.
Nick : Where's Abby Nash?
Nick : I'm Nick, her boyfriend. This is my dad.
UNK: Hi.
Taub : You can wait in...
Nick : Where is she?
Nick : Is she okay?
Taub : She's having some tests run.
Nick : Is she okay?
Taub : We think her drinking may have damaged her heart.
Foreman : Her heart?
Nick : No. She doesn't drink. Not that much.
Taub : Just when she's at school?
Artie : Nick, what's he talking about?
Nick : It was a field trip. One of the kids had a fake ID.
Nick : But, Dad, you know Abby. Tell him.
Artie : I know what she's like when the two of you are around me, but...
Taub : If you're right, the tests will come back negative.
Nick : Can you give her a message?
Nick : I brought her homework. And I love her.
Taub : Sorry I'm late.
Taub : Nick loves you.
Chase : House doesn't believe you got a flat tire.
Taub : What does he think I was doing?
Chase : Fighting with the wife.
Taub : Why would I lie about that?
Taub : She wants me to do yoga.
Chase : We need thinner cuts.
Taub : When you and Cameron had disagreements...
Chase : I'm probably not the best guy to go to for marital advice.
UNK: Sorry.
Abby : It's just... What's that in the mitral valve?
UNK: Mr. Damon : All right, I get the message.
Chase : No. No, I'm serious.
Chase : What is that?
Thirteen : Could be a fungus.
Foreman : ER drew blood cultures. All negative.
Foreman : No parasites, no fungus.
Taub : Could be fastidious enteric bacteria.
House : You think she's been eating your wife's cooking?
House : Hey, I'm on your side, man.
Taub : I am not fighting with my wife. I had a flat tire.
Taub : It's in my trunk. You can go look at it if you want.
House : Don't need to. Face tells me you're bluffing.
House : Not yours, Chase's.
Foreman : If she was infected through the intestinal tract,
Foreman : she'd have intestinal symptoms.
Taub : There are other ways to get enteric bacteria into the bloodstream.
Chase : She's not an intravenous drug user, she has no tattoos,
Chase : and she doesn't have any scars
Chase : that would indicate she's a cutter.
Thirteen : Transesophageal echo could give us a better idea of what we're looking at.
Taub : If that valve is about to dehisce,
Taub : echo could trigger a heart attack.
House : So come up with a better idea,
House : or have a crash cart ready.
Thirteen : Why are you lying to House?