House : Damn, now it's explicit.
Wilson : It could swamp out the resistance of the cancer cells.
House : The fact that it theoretically should work
House : doesn't make it any less stupid.
Wilson : Of course it does. It's exactly what you would do.
House : I'm me. You're you.
Wilson : And a table is a table.
House : And chemo is poison, and double chemo is double poison.
House : And I can handle it when things go wrong. You can't.
House : And things could go very, very wrong.
House : I can handle it.
Tucker : Sounds pretty dangerous.
Ashley : It is.
Tucker : What do you think, Mel?
Melissa : I think you should call Ashley.
Tucker : You're my family.
Tucker : I'm sorry I forgot that.
Wilson : I think that you should try
Emily : whatever could keep you with us longer.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Look.
Tucker : I can move them.
UNK: Hey. Thank you.
Tucker : What is it, Jim?
Wilson : I'm gonna need to run some tests.
Taub : Intraepidermal superficial bullae. Could be pemphigus.
Thirteen : Or it could be from the fire.
Taub : Either way, he's dead. We can't stop the oozing.
UNK: Don't care.
House : I'm here because it's 1 : 15
UNK: and Wilson started testing at 12 : 45, which means...
UNK: The cancer is gone, but over half his hepatocytes are dead.
Taub : In only 24 hours?
Wilson : He needs a new liver.
House : Look on the bright side.
House : You can publish the results of this case study.
House : No one will ever double the dose again.
Wilson : The double dose of chemo got rid of your cancer,
Wilson : but it also trashed your liver.
Wilson : If I don't find you a new liver...
Wilson : You've only got about 24 hours left.
Emily : So what do we do now?
Wilson : Your father's been moved to the top of the transplant list.
Wilson : But all we really can do is wait.
Melissa : That's it? We wait?
Melissa : Tell me something that I can do.
Wilson : I'm sorry, Mel.
Wilson : You and Emily don't match Tuck's blood type,
Wilson : and neither does Ashley.
Wilson : So a live liver donation is out.
Wilson : The best thing to do is just what you've been doing,
Wilson : be together.
House : Hope he already told you that you're gonna die,
House : 'cause it's gonna make what I'm about to say a lot more relevant.
Wilson : House, I know it's raining out there in the hallway, but...
House : I was just in the ER, testing my patient for autonomic dysfunction.
House : It's the only department with a shower
House : big enough for the whole team,
UNK: plus the cardiac monitors, plus me, plus... Anyway, relevant part.
House : We're just wheeling the guy out, a trauma came in.
House : Motorcycle versus semi.
Wilson : How bad?
House : Bad for the motorcycle, good for your liver. Blood type's a match.
Wilson : Why wasn't I paged?
UNK: Because there is a problem.
House : No organ donor card.
House : Dead guy's sister is next of kin,
UNK: she's refusing to allow the donation.
Wilson : Where is she?
UNK: Twenty minutes away.
Wilson : How do you get the call that your brother's dead,
Wilson : and then run out the door?
UNK: "That reminds me,
UNK: "I had dry cleaning to pick up."