Tucker : I'd really like her to be here.
Wilson : Of course.
Wilson : Exactly how serious does it have to be
Wilson : to justify you coming to see your father?
Wilson : No, I'm sorry.
Wilson : I'd rather you regretted coming than regretted not coming.
Wilson : Thanks, Emily.
Cuddy : How's Tucker?
Wilson : Well, he's made a mess of his personal life,
Wilson : but physically I think he's going to be fine.
Wilson : Transverse Myelitis.
Cuddy : What does House think?
Wilson : What is this? Is House my overseer now?
Cuddy : No, it's just not always a good idea
Cuddy : for doctors to treat their friends, that's all.
Wilson : Well, House has got 100 bucks on cancer.
Wilson : So unless you want in on the action...
Cuddy : Um, is Bonnie still a realtor?
Wilson : As far as I know.
Cuddy : Do you mind if I call her? I'm looking for a new place.
Cuddy : I'm moving in with Lucas.
Taub : It wasn't the tennis.
Wilson : You're moving in with Lucas?
UNK: Yes.
Wilson : You're Bonnie's friend, you know how to reach her,
Wilson : and yet, instead of calling her,
Wilson : you come and seek my permission.
Wilson : You want my blessing, and, implicitly, House's blessing.
Cuddy : I don't need House's blessing.
UNK: Good.
Ashley : So when will he be able to move his arm again?
Wilson : Should be soon.
UNK: You started smoking again?
UNK: No.
Ashley : What does that mean? Is it bad that he's coughing?
Emily : Hi, Dad. Hey.
Tucker : Melissa, hey. I didn't know you were coming.
Emily : I was at Mom's house when Dr. Wilson called.
Melissa : I can go if it's gonna be weird.
Tucker : No, no. Stay, it's fine.
UNK: Hi.
Wilson : How are you? Is he okay?
Wilson : Yeah, he's okay. I'm not a big fan of his coughing, though.
Melissa : You must be Ashley. Hi.
Ashley : Hey, are you okay?
Ashley : Do you think this cold sore thing could've caused this?
UNK: No. Whatever is causing this is affecting more than his nerves.
Wilson : I need a crash cart in here.
Wilson : Don't you guys have a dying Mexican crooner to attend to?
Foreman : He isn't dying any more.
Foreman : Found out he was on a popcorn diet,
UNK: eating 10 bags of microwave popcorn a day.
Foreman : Huffing the fumes scarred his lungs.
Wilson : Wow. That's very strange. Where's House?
Taub : Performing his ritual "hiding from Cuddy
UNK: "to avoid getting a new case" dance.
Taub : It's sort of a jazz-fusion type of thing.
Thirteen : He's probably eating lunch in the morgue.
Thirteen : I can page him to your office if you want.
Wilson : Actually, maybe it would be better if I talk to you guys alone.
Wilson : House and I have a bet about one of my patients.
Wilson : You guys mind making him 100 bucks poorer?
UNK: Forty-three-year-old male in remission from leukemia,
UNK: presents with left-arm paralysis and trouble breathing.
Chase : I assume House's money is on cancer.
UNK: Thanks, that's very helpful.
Taub : Subdural hematoma would explain...
Wilson : CT ruled it out.
Wilson : I thought it was TM, so I started him on anti-virals.
Wilson : But he got worse. Bacterial infection?
Wilson : Bacteria would move much faster than this, he'd be dead already.
UNK: It could be fungal.
UNK: A fungal infection would explain his breathing problem,
Taub : but not his "unable to move his arm" problem.