House : Obviously, something is knocking out his immune system.
House : HIV, acquired SCID,
House : or, my personal favorite, cancer.
House : I'm sure you'll test for all three.
UNK: Sixty-two-year-old African-American man
Wilson : with lymphoma now in remission.
Wilson : I did a CT and found a small lesion
Wilson : on the upper lobe of his left lung.
UNK: But if he's in remission,
UNK: Dr. D'razio : why did you bother scanning him?
Wilson : During a routine follow-up,
Wilson : I realized the patient was depressed.
UNK: Dr. D'razio : Wow. That's quite a call.
UNK: Thanks. The treatment indicated...
House : Oh, I'm sorry,
House : I didn't realize you were in the middle of something.
Wilson : It's a conference room with glass walls.
Tucker : You thought I'd be alone?
House : Your patient has cancer.
House : Not that guy, who probably also has cancer.
UNK: And who's probably also your buddy.
House : Thought you'd want to know.
House : And you owe me 100 bucks.
Wilson : You have acute lymphoblastic leukemia. ALL.
Melissa : So it is a recurrence?
Wilson : No, it's different. It's a second leukemia,
Wilson : probably caused by the chemotherapy
Wilson : we gave him five years ago.
Tucker : That's why you didn't see it?
Tucker : Maybe they can rename it Ironic leukemia.
Wilson : This is not the end.
Wilson : Tests show that the cancer is limited to your brain.
Wilson : That's good news.
Ashley : How can cancer in his head be good news?
Wilson : The blood-brain barrier separates the blood in your head
Wilson : from the blood in your body,
Wilson : keeps the cancer bottled up. We can go for a cure.
Melissa : So give me the numbers. What are we looking at?
UNK: Ninety percent chance of cure.
UNK: Really? What if we're in the 10%?
Wilson : Steady decline, but six months of a good quality life.
Emily : Does he have to go through another bone marrow transplant?
Wilson : No. Chemotherapy. We can go at this with drugs alone.
Melissa : When do we get started?
Wilson : We begin by surgically planting a shunt,
Wilson : so we can get the drugs directly into your brain.
Wilson : I already booked the OR.
Tucker : You're the only one who can make cancer sound like good news.
Wilson : We get it out of your head and you walk out of here.
Wilson : Paralysis gone and cancer free.
Wilson : We also need you to sign a healthcare proxy.
Wilson : If something goes wrong in surgery,
Wilson : someone needs to be appointed to make decisions for you.
Ashley : What are the chances of that happening?
Wilson : Very remote.
Tucker : I think maybe Melissa should be my proxy.
UNK: What? No.
Foreman : Coming through. House got a new case.
House : Revised OR schedule. Sorry, Wilson, had to bump you.
UNK: It's not like your guy is bleeding out of his eyes.
Wilson : House, your guy's not bleeding out of his eyes, either.
House : The nurse who books the OR thinks he is.
Wilson : Your case is no more urgent than mine.
House : Yeah, but you're way more patient.
Wilson : It's okay.
Wilson : You can talk about the paperwork in the prep area.
Ashley : You trust her more than me?
Tucker : About this, yes.
Tucker : You've been through the good stuff,
Tucker : but Melissa's been to hell and back with me.
Tucker : She gives me the best shot of getting through this.
Ashley : You still love her.
Tucker : Don't be silly. I love you.
Tucker : Please, don't make this into more than it is.
Wilson : Okay. Anything? No.
Wilson : Can you feel this?
UNK: No.
Wilson : How about here?
UNK: No.
Wilson : Where is everybody?
Tucker : Melissa and Emily went downstairs to get some breakfast.
UNK: Ashley? She had work to do.
Del : I thought she was off today.
Tucker : Well, she didn't really have work to do.
UNK: She's just pissed, so she pretended to have work to do.
Tucker : I let her pretend.
UNK: Okay.
Wilson : Move your fingers.
Wilson : The chemo's not working.
Ashley : Does that mean it's not cancer?
Wilson : No. It means the chemo from your first round of treatment
Wilson : has made the leukemia resistant.
Tucker : So I'm in the 10% that don't get cured.
Wilson : Maybe not.
House : We just removed a screw from a guy's lung,
House : and the weird thing is, he didn't get better.
House : Any idea what that means?
Wilson : It means you're not listening to me.
Wilson : No, it means I'm ignoring you
House : to make a point. There is a difference.
Wilson : The problem with that technique
Wilson : is I have no idea what point you're making.
House : That your idea is implicitly not worth responding to.
House : Doubling your patient's chemo dose is stupid.