Wilson : Actually, if aspergillus fungus balls took root in his lungs
Wilson : and spread to his spine, it would explain both.
UNK: Thanks.
Wilson : The treatment involves riddling the infected area
Wilson : with BB-sized pellets of anti-fungal meds.
Tucker : I assume you don't just load up the 12 gauge and pepper me with birdshot.
Wilson : No, we have a slightly more humane delivery system.
Wilson : But we do have to open you up. It is surgery.
Wilson : And like any operation, there are risks.
Ashley : What do you think, honey?
Ashley : I don't know. I mean, is surgery really such a good idea?
Ashley : He just seems so sick. I just...
Ashley : You should do whatever you think is best.
Melissa : Is this the only way to go after this thing?
Wilson : Because of the rapid progression,
Wilson : I don't think we have time to test or try IVs.
Melissa : And he's strong enough to endure anesthesia?
UNK: Definitely.
Melissa : I want you there during the surgery.
Wilson : Of course.
Melissa : You gotta do it.
UNK: Good.
Wilson : Dr. Chase will be in here soon to get you set up for the OR.
Wilson : Page Dr. Chase to Tucker's room for a surgery consult,
Wilson : and can you get me...
Sandy : Mr. Koplovitz wants to talk to you.
Wilson : Is everything all right?
Sandy : He wanted to talk to his doctor,
Taub : not his doctor's assistant.
Sandy : Oh. And House is looking for you.
UNK: What'd you tell him?
House : That you were in the clinic.
Sandy : I figure that gives you about 10 minutes.
Sandy : Here, Mr. Koplovitz's chart, go.
Wilson : Hello, Saul. I heard you were looking for me.
Saul : I'm very tired, but I can't sleep.
Wilson : Today's your lucky day. I happen to be a sleep specialist.
Saul : Thanks, Doc.
UNK: Hey, can't a guy get a little privacy?
Wilson : Nice hiding spot.
House : Actually, it's perfect.
House : It allows me to hide from Cuddy and find you.
House : What did she want?
Wilson : She was checking up on Tucker, thanks to you.
House : That's it?
Wilson : Like what? Something about you?
Wilson : Something you could interpret as being about you?
Wilson : An anagram maybe?
Wilson : It'd be great if you could play
Wilson : hide and seek somewhere else, my patient's...
House : No problem. Just give me the 100 bucks you owe me and I'm gone.
Wilson : Tucker doesn't have cancer.
House : He doesn't have a ball of fungus in his lungs either.
House : Next time you want to use my team,
House : I suggest you at least leave a tip.
Wilson : I'm late for surgery.
Cuddy : Ah. Your assistant said you'd be in here. I talked to Bonnie.
Wilson : Let's take this outside. Mr. Koplovitz just got to sleep.
Cuddy : Oh, sorry. She found us this fantastic loft.
UNK: Outside.
Cuddy : It's not a loft, it's just more urban.
Cuddy : Not that I'm urban, but I used to be.
UNK: It's got two bedrooms, got wonderful views. It's a really great place.
Wilson : Procedure should take about an hour.
Wilson : I'll be observing the entire time.
UNK: Thanks.
Tucker : Maybe it'd be better if you would stay with Ashley.
Tucker : She's more scared than I am.
Wilson : Well, she's...
Wilson : At her age,
Wilson : she's not supposed to be dealing with issues of life and death.
Tucker : Wasn't what I was planning when I went after her.
Wilson : Why did you leave Melissa?
Tucker : We got married young. We...
Tucker : I'm not sure.
Wilson : There's nothing to talk about.
House : Why are you doing surgery when I need you finding me a new case?
Chase : You don't want a new case.
House : Oh, right. Guess I'm here for Wilson.
UNK: Obviously, you didn't tell me
House : that Cuddy was moving in with Lucas
Tucker : because you were protecting me,
House : which is odd, since I told you
House : that I'm fine with their relationship.