House : Look, friends don't diagnose friends with cancer. I get it.
House : Your problem is you're not objective.
House : Your caring is clouding your diagnosis.
UNK: If you just cut that out, you could be a pretty decent doctor.
House : Just give me the lactic acid level.
UNK: Twenty-seven.
House : The fact that you can't speak English
House : is not an excuse for you not being humiliated by what I'm about to say.
House : It's also not an excuse for you
House : not telling us that you were a tennis pro.
House : If you had, we wouldn't have wasted our time.
UNK: Fine. Hundred bucks.
Wilson : Tucker settling in?
UNK: Yep. Already got his first dose of acyclovir.
Sandy : And don't worry, I ordered his girlfriend the kiddie meal.
Wilson : Next patient on deck.
Sandy : Del Clinton, day six of chemo.
Sandy : You just missed the grandkids.
UNK: Oh.
Wilson : That's all right. Last time they were here, they painted my tie.
Wilson : You're almost ready to go home. You feeling okay?
Del : I feel like I felt after the last four rounds.
Wilson : In oncology, familiar pain means all is well.
Del : So that's good, right?
UNK: Yeah.
Wilson : I heard Jesse and Zeke were by earlier.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: I'm sorry, Del, I gotta run.
Wilson : How are they doing?
Del : They're fine.
Wilson : No game-winning hits? No aced report cards? No school plays?
Del : I guess not.
Del : I thought you had to go.
Wilson : Are you depressed?
Del : I have cancer.
Wilson : You've had cancer for a long time,
UNK: and it's never stopped you
Wilson : from bragging about the grandkids.
UNK: Oh.
Del : I guess I'm feeling a little more down than usual.
Del : Can you give me something?
UNK: Yeah.
Wilson : I don't want you to get alarmed,
Wilson : but sometimes depression can be a sign
Wilson : that something else is going on.
Wilson : I'm just gonna order a couple of extra tests, okay?
Wilson : What's going on? It's his foot now.
Tucker : It's nothing.
Ashley : It's not nothing.
Tucker : I just started getting a little tingling feeling in my foot.
Ashley : Is that bad?
UNK: Ashley, it's gonna be okay.
Wilson : It might mean his foot fell asleep. It might mean nothing.
UNK: Can you give us a few minutes?
Ashley : Why can't you tell me?
Tucker : Because you're making him nervous.
Tucker : Just give us a few minutes, okay, hon?
Tucker : Does this mean that it's not the disease you thought it was?
Wilson : It means the medicine I gave you is not working.
Wilson : I just might have to hit it harder.
Wilson : I'm going to add ribavirin to your treatment.
UNK: Jim.
Tucker : Are you sure that this isn't a recurrence?
Wilson : So the brave face is just for Ashley.
Tucker : She's young and she's terrified.
Wilson : She's not really equipped.
Sandy : Don't worry.
Wilson : Once you've had cancer, recurrence is your biggest fear. I get it.
Wilson : I've looked at this thing every which way there is.
Wilson : That's not what's happening here.
Tucker : Can you call my daughter and ask her to come down?
Wilson : You can't do it?
Tucker : She hasn't exactly been talking to me
Tucker : since I got together with Ashley.