Taylor : It's your call.
Frankie : Can you pass me my laptop?
UNK: Seriously? I want to get some feedback.
Taylor : You really think that asking strangers
UNK: for some off-the-top-of- their-head response is gonna be helpful here?
Taylor : A lot of your readers are into animal rights.
Taylor : They've got you two-thirds of the way to vegan,
Taylor : what are they gonna say about you buying your life with the life of a pig?
Frankie : Whatever they say, I don't have to do it.
Taylor : It won't work out that way,
Taylor : and we're the ones that are gonna have to live with this.
Taylor : Please, Frankie. Don't tell them.
Frankie : If I start picking and choosing, I'm being dishonest.
Taylor : I'm sorry.
UNK: Thanks.
Sandy : Though I guess I should thank whoever taught you how to please a woman.
Sandy : Maybe it was the forest nymphs.
Wilson : Get my Vertigo poster back.
UNK: Not-wilson : Be not afraid, it's exact change.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Hello.
Wilson : I'm looking to get something on House.
Chase : Couldn't you just ask the love-nymphs for the secret?
UNK: Don't.
Wilson : My mission is to find something that House would not like to see made public,
Wilson : and make it public.
UNK: In.
Chase : But you know him better than anyone, why do you need my help?
Wilson : House would never leave anything secret around the condo.
Wilson : But you've worked in the same office with him, on and off, for years.
Wilson : Think back. Were there ever any odd phone calls or visitors from the past?
Chase : He openly brings prostitutes into the hospital,
UNK: and he gambles with bookies because he's too lazy to go to the OTB,
Chase : and you're asking for...
Wilson : What? What? What?
Chase : He's reading The Golden Bowl.
Wilson : By Henry James?
UNK: Yeah. No, he's not really reading it.
UNK: Okay. I don't understand.
Chase : That book's at least 400 pages long,
Chase : whatever he's reading is only half that thick.
Wilson : Maybe he's reading a version with a smaller font.
Chase : He's not using his reading glasses.
Wilson : That's a good point.
Chase : He took the cover off The Golden Bowl and put it onto this other book,
Chase : so no one would know what he was reading.
Chase : Whatever it is, he's ashamed of it.
UNK: Huh.
Frankie : I'm going with plastic. It just makes more sense.
Frankie : I don't want another operation later.
Taylor : That's not why you're doing this.
Taylor : Look, when you were first telling me about why you love the Internet,
Taylor : you said that no one has to be alone again.
Taylor : Whoever you are, whatever you love, you can connect with someone.
Taylor : If you want to recreate the Boston Tea Party,
Taylor : while dressed as Imperial Stormtroopers,
UNK: you can find the 10 other people in the world that have always wanted to do that.
Frankie : That hasn't changed.
Taylor : But you have.
Taylor : This thing that you do, it's not about connection anymore.
Taylor : It's about an audience. It's a performance,
Taylor : and you've got one eye on the number of hits.
Taylor : You've turned our lives into their entertainment.
Taylor : You're smart, you're fun to read, it's okay.
Taylor : But don't give them this.
Taylor : Or if you do, don't expect me to be here.