Wilson : Oh, boy.
UNK: No one... Hey, look at me. No one can know about this.
House : From this moment on, my lips are sealed.
UNK: Sorry. It's okay.
UNK: Not-wilson : Be not afraid.
Thirteen : Find anything?
Chase : Relevant? No. Interesting? I guess.
UNK: There's nothing she doesn't share. "Angry sex is overrated.
UNK: "How can he expect me to be aroused when I'm so pissed at him?"
Thirteen : Revelations like that might just earn her a new kidney.
Thirteen : An hour after she blogged about her kidney failure,
Thirteen : the hospital got a call from Singapore.
Thirteen : One of Frankie's readers asking how hard it would be to donate.
Chase : How good-looking am I?
Chase : I'm not asking if you're attracted to me,
Chase : I'm looking for an objective answer.
Thirteen : Oh, okay, then it's an appropriate question.
Chase : Last night I acted like a complete tosser to prove to House
Chase : that women don't go out with me for my looks.
UNK: Cost me 100 bucks and my definition of myself. And women.
Thirteen : So date men, they're not shallow at all.
Chase : Everything's physical. Yes,
Thirteen : we are physical beings. Some more than others.
Thirteen : Please don't define my entire gender based on one night.
Chase : No. What if the patient's problem is a physical reaction,
Chase : not an emotional one?
Chase : What if her lack of arousal had nothing to do with their fight?
UNK: Sjogrens would inhibit her normal secretions.
Chase : Sorry for keeping you up. I thought it better not to wait till morning.
Frankie : Oh, it's no problem, I'm a night owl.
UNK: So you think I might have this Sjogrens because of my lack of discharge?
UNK: Yes. It's lucky you wrote about that.
Frankie : And a little crazy, you're thinking, to share that much.
Chase : Not crazy, unusual, to be so intimate with people you don't know.
Frankie : But I do know them. They read my blog, I comment on theirs.
UNK: Just because you haven't met someone physically
Frankie : doesn't mean you don't know them.
Frankie : What about you? Are you in a relationship?
Chase : It recently ended.
Frankie : Oh, sorry.
Chase : Lie flat on your back, all the way.
Frankie : But you saw each other every day, right?
Frankie : How much did you tell her about what you were thinking?
Frankie : Or did you just end up talking about where you were going to dinner
Frankie : and who needed to do the laundry?
Chase : Is that what your relationship with Taylor is like?
UNK: No.
UNK: Well, maybe a little.
Frankie : He's great, but sometimes
Frankie : it's easier to open up to people who aren't looking at you.
Chase : You need to lie flat for us to get the x-ray.
Frankie : I'm actually not comfortable on my back. Can't we do it this way?
Chase : Did you strain a muscle?
UNK: No.
House : What's wrong?
Chase : I've booked our patient in for heart surgery.
Chase : I was doing a sialogram on her, and she didn't want to lie on her back.
Chase : That's a complaint you hear from people with heart valve issues.
UNK: It fits. Sjogrens damaged her heart,
Chase : causing her clotting problems, causing her kidneys to fail.
Taub : You based all that on the fact that she didn't want to lie down?
Chase : That, and the cardiac echo I performed after she didn't want to lie down.
House : Her mitral valve is nearly gone,
House : which means she's nearly gone.
House : God, you're pretty.
Chase : So we can replace the mitral valve with a pig valve or with a plastic one.
Frankie : From an actual pig?
Taub : It's the better choice if you want to have children someday.
UNK: The plastic valve requires you to be on anticoagulants,
Taub : which are known to cause birth defects.
Taub : On the other hand, the pig valve wears out quickly,
Taub : so you'd need to have heart surgery again in 10 years.
Chase : I know that you're on the fence about having kids, but Taylor really wants them.
Chase : It's in the blog.
Chase : I'm afraid you two will need to agree on that decision earlier than planned.