Joan : Take it easy. Okay.
Frankie : What? She reads my blog.
Taub : Personally, I don't think you're condescending at all.
Frankie : That's not what I wrote. When you were taking my history,
Frankie : I told you I went white-water rafting six months ago,
UNK: and you said it was "unlikely to be related."
Frankie : I was just giving information.
Frankie : Let's face it, you got a little snarky.
Foreman : You can't convey a tone of voice in writing.
Frankie : I just put what you said.
Frankie : If you don't want people to think you're condescending,
Frankie : maybe you shouldn't say condescending things.
Frankie : Can this wait a second? 'Cause I have to pee.
Frankie : I think people behave badly because there are no records of what we say or do,
Frankie : and nobody believes anymore that God's watching.
Frankie : Well, God's not, but I am.
Frankie : Everything is on the record, including everything I do.
Frankie : I don't think my pee is supposed to be mud-colored.
Foreman : We were wrong about the rat poison.
House : Coagulopathy plus kidney equals what?
UNK: Hemolytic uremic syndrome.
House : Normal creatinine levels.
Foreman : She has elevated cholesterol.
House : Hey, Wilson! I can't find my pornos.
Wilson : Have you tried offering a reward?
Taub : Gaucher's Disease. It would affect her ability to synthesize Vitamin K.
Chase : She's on a semi- vegetarian diet.
Chase : Means she gets plenty of Vitamin K.
UNK: Sjogrens is more likely.
House : I assume you moved them while you were dusting.
UNK: I checked the drawers, window sill, the DVD player in your room.
House : The quiet ones are always deeply repressed.
Wilson : I returned them to the store.
Foreman : She had a fish dinner a couple of nights ago.
Foreman : Could be Haff Disease causing rhabdo.
House : What? Why did you return them to the store?
Wilson : It's no trouble, I had to stop next door for my dry cleaning anyway.
UNK: Sjogrens would inhibit the clotting enzymes, infiltrate the kidneys,
Chase : explains everything. So does Haff Disease.
House : I'm not thanking you, I'm asking you why.
Wilson : Because if I did happen to bring a woman home last night,
Wilson : I wanted it to be a porn-free zone.
House : You do realize things don't have to be socks to go into a sock drawer.
Taylor : I'm sorry. Horribly, horribly sorry.
Wilson : I thought you'd watched them all.
House : You completely ruined my morning.
House : I had to pull out your old family photos.
House : Your mom was pretty hot.
House : Haff Disease fits the timing best.
House : Start her on saline and Mannitol.
Wilson : You reading your patient's blog?
UNK: No.
Frankie : You should. Could be some clues.
UNK: Too many. It'd be like doing a whole body scan,
House : send us up eight blind alleys.
House : That's why Chase is doing it.
Wilson : She mentions you.
House : She's never met me.
Wilson : You're an unseen presence, like the Wizard of Oz.
House : He was a fraud. She couldn't have gone with Keyser Soze?
House : Speaking of movies that don't make any sense,
House : I stopped at the rental store to get those pornos back.
House : I told the guy at the counter I was so grateful that you'd returned them,
UNK: but I wanted them, and guess what? You only returned two.
House : You lost the third.
House : Decent of you to pay for it, not let them put it on my bill.
Taub : You know...
Wilson : I can explain what happened.
House : I'm sure you could,
House : but rather than listen to your lies, I thought it'd be more fun
House : to drive all over town and get another copy.
UNK: You have it here?
UNK: Oh, God. Oh, God.