House : We all need some secrets.
UNK: So long as they don't kill us, they keep us safe and warm.
UNK: I'm...
Frankie : I'm gonna be okay?
Chase : You'll still need a new heart valve,
Chase : and you'll be on meds for a few years, but basically, yeah, your odds are good.
Wilson : Thank God.
Frankie : I think I wanna go with the pig valve.
Taylor : I know you'll go crazy if you don't tell people.
Wilson : Thank God you're an enabler.
Chase : Do you think people can actually know each other better
Wilson : on the Internet than face-to-face?
Thirteen : Faces can be distracting,
Thirteen : but there's nothing better than looking into someone's eyes
House : and everything that goes with that.
Chase : I don't know. People meet, they like something superficial,
Chase : and then they fill in the blanks with whatever they want to believe.
Wilson : Why are you so hung up on this?
Thirteen : I refuse to believe it's all because you just noticed you have a nice face.
UNK: I mean, you just came off a relationship,
Thirteen : you know things go deeper than...
Thirteen : Is that what this is about? You and Cameron?
Chase : I was the one that pursued her.
Chase : Maybe I was just filling in the blanks, maybe...
UNK: Maybe her first reaction was right.
Chase : We were just two people who were in proximity
Chase : and found each other attractive, and I never should have...
Thirteen : Paranoia. You felt something real. So did she.
Thirteen : Don't try to take it back now.
Chase : Can I borrow your car?
UNK: No.
Wilson : Why would it make more sense for you to read your father's book
Wilson : than to go talk with him?
House : Can you write a book, so I can stop talking to you?
Wilson : You weren't looking for some big catharsis,
Wilson : you didn't want to hug the guy.
Wilson : You just wanted to know how his head works, how he thinks.
UNK: Because I'm fascinated with how ministers think.
Wilson : Because you're not ordinary, House.
Wilson : You're way out there on the fringe somewhere.
Wilson : I'm your best friend, and half the time I don't understand you.
UNK: You're alone, you've been alone your whole life.
Wilson : When you read that book you were hoping that somewhere,
Wilson : underneath all that talk of God, there would be a way of thinking,
Wilson : a mind that you could recognize.
Wilson : You wanted what we all want.
House : The power to transform into any water-based object?
Wilson : To look across the gulf and know there's someone else like you.
UNK: At least tell me this, did you find something there?
House : Underneath the God stuff,
House : more God stuff.
Cuddy : Get maintenance to take that down.