Amber : False assumptions. You're good.
Amber : You're trying to get me to think like him.
Cameron : And you're trying to kiss my ass. Why are you talking to me?
Amber : Because House is turning patient care into a game. It's dangerous.
Amber : The patient's going to suffer. Maybe die.
House : Wow! You really need a shave.
House : See what I did there?
UNK: Whoa.
UNK: Interesting.
UNK: I need a crash cart in here!
House : I didn't do it.
Thirteen : When a person faints, it's because they're
Thirteen : not getting enough blood to their brain.
Thirteen : The act of falling corrects the problem.
Thirteen : You faint again strapped into that power chair where you can't fall,
Thirteen : you might not wake up.
Stark : Killed by an assistive device?
Stark : At least my death would be ironic.
Thirteen : I think when you went to Thailand,
Thirteen : you picked up a threadworm called strongyloides.
Thirteen : They usually go up through your feet.
Stark : I didn't do a lot of walking on the beach.
Thirteen : But I assume you did have someone lay you down in the sand.
Thirteen : Bare back, bare legs increases exposure tenfold over bare feet.
Thirteen : Two pills. You'll be all better.
Stark : Can I have some water for those, please?
Thirteen : Hey, take a number!
Kutner : House didn't say anything about taking turns.
Kutner : What's she testing you for?
UNK: Don't. They'll spend all day obsessing over my idea
Thirteen : instead of coming up with one of their own.
UNK: And, hey, I might be wrong.
Kutner : Seriously. I'm worried that if we don't know
Kutner : what she's given you, there could be conflicts.
Stark : No, you're not.
Stark : House told me he's keeping track of all that.
Stark : Ten doctors. I should be getting ten cures.
Kutner : We need blood, hair, and stool.
Kutner : You poop and then you use the wooden
Kutner : sticks to collect the fecal matter,
UNK: then rub it on the green box.
Stark : Hand it to my dog.
UNK: Only one of those things I can do on my own.
Stark : And the last couple of days, I haven't been doing that.
Brennan : Is it all right with you if we carry you into the bathroom?
Stark : If you want me there, that's the way you're going to have to do it.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Ready? Mmm-hmm.
Brennan : One, two, three.
Stark : Can I get a little head support, please?
Stark : Thank you.