House : The patient didn't respond to antibiotics or steroids.
Thirteen : You okay, boy?
House : What's wrong with the dog?
Amber : He's dead.
Jody : There are only a handful of viruses
Jody : that can cross between dogs and humans.
Jody : But they may not be connected at all.
Jody : The dog was old. I've seen it before.
Jody : They hang on way past their normal life expectancy
Jody : to take care of their masters.
House : Did you watch him take the pills?
House : The ivermectin. Did you watch the patient
House : put them in his mouth and swallow them?
Thirteen : I don't know. I think so.
House : What kind of dog is that?
Jody : English Shepherd.
UNK: That's in the collie family, right?
Jody : Not really.
UNK: But they share the MDR-1 gene?
UNK: Yeah.
House : What happens when you give a dog with the MDR-1 gene ivermectin?
Jody : They don't.
Jody : I mean, it's used to treat heartworms in most dogs,
UNK: but it would be fatal if they...
House : Look familiar?
House : I think the last time you saw it,
House : it didn't have that dead dog's teeth marks on it.
Thirteen : I just put it on the bed tray to get him some water.
House : When I asked you if you watched the patient swallow the pills,
UNK: the right answer was, "No. "
House : Take his body down to the morgue.
Cuddy : If you hadn't treated this patient as a game, he wouldn't be dead.
House : Feeling much better, thank you.
Cuddy : I'm supposed to show you sympathy?
Cuddy : He died while his attending was lying on a hospital bed
Cuddy : because he stuck a knife in a wall socket.
House : He died because a doctor made a mistake.
UNK: She was an idiot.
Cuddy : You employed her.
Cuddy : You're responsible.
Schaffer : Dr. Foreman.
Schaffer : How's she doing?
Foreman : Fever's gone. AST and ALT are back within normal range.
Foreman : She should be out of here in a few days.
Schaffer : Gutsy call.
UNK: Thanks.
Schaffer : It wasn't a compliment.
Schaffer : If you were wrong, she'd be dead.
Foreman : I was sure...
Schaffer : No, you weren't. You couldn't be.
Schaffer : There's a reason we have rules.
Schaffer : If every doctor did whatever his gut told him was right,
Schaffer : we'd have a lot more dead bodies to deal with.
Foreman : It won't happen again.
Schaffer : Yes, it will.
UNK: Because you confuse saving her life with doing the right thing.
Schaffer : I'm sorry, Dr. Foreman, you're fired.
Thirteen : As soon as the pathologist cut into the lungs,
Thirteen : we saw the threadworms.
UNK: Do you think it's fair that I fired
House : all the other members of your team
House : when you guys actually came up with the right diagnosis?
Thirteen : I keep replaying it in my mind.
Thirteen : Did I drop the pills when I put them on the bed tray?
Thirteen : Did I knock them over when I turned to leave?
House : You know, he'd be alive.
House : His dog would be alive.
House : I know.
House : You forced us to act on a false assumption.
House : I know.
House : Everything we built from that step on,
House : every test, every theory, every treatment...
Thirteen : I know. Forget the lecture and fire me already.
UNK: If I was gonna fire you, I wouldn't be giving you the lecture.
UNK: I know you're not gonna let anything like this ever happen again.
House : I'll see you tomorrow.
House : I'm sorry to say,
House : I told you so.