Wilson : You can't let a dying man take solace in his beliefs?
House : His beliefs are stupid.
Wilson : Everybody lies.
Wilson : Some for good reasons, some for bad.
Wilson : This would have been a fantastic reason to lie.
House : Hi. Greg House.
Wilson : Why can't you just let him have his fairy tale?
UNK: If it gives him comfort to imagine beaches
Wilson : and loved ones and life outside a wheelchair...
House : Are there 72 virgins, too?
Thirteen : It's over.
Wilson : He's got days, maybe hours left.
Wilson : What pain does it cause you if he spends that time with a peaceful smile?
Wilson : What sick pleasure do you get in making
Wilson : damn sure he's filled with fear and dread?
House : He shouldn't be making a decision based on a lie.
House : Misery is better than nothing.
Wilson : You don't know there's nothing. You haven't been there.
House : Oh, God, I am tired of that argument.
House : I don't have to go to Detroit to know that it smells.
Wilson : Yes. Detroit, the afterlife, same thing.
Amber : You're not getting enough oxygen,
Amber : so we're inserting a tube directly into your lungs.
Amber : It should help us drain some of this excess fluid.
Thirteen : Should make you a little more comfortable.
Amber : SATs are still dropping.
Thirteen : The fluid's clear.
Thirteen : If this was cancer, there should be blood.
Thirteen : Call House.
Amber : He just paged me.
Amber : Dr. House!
Cole : Maybe it was
Cole : just an accident.
Amber : It wasn't an accident.
Taub : Think his nihilism got the best of him and he tried to kill himself?
UNK: He paged me. He paged you?
UNK: Why you? I assume because...
Wilson : Don't assume anything.
Wilson : Don't fall into that trap.
Thirteen : Is he okay?
Wilson : Burned his hand pretty good.
Wilson : His heart stopped for nearly a minute.
Wilson : But your cohort managed to restart it.
Wilson : But he has not regained consciousness.
UNK: So, since I have you all here,
Wilson : we should probably talk about your actual patient.
Wilson : Clear fluid from the lungs indicates that it's probably not cancer.
Wilson : So it would be nice if we could come up with a new idea.
Wilson : You're an idiot. You nearly killed yourself.
House : That was the whole idea.
Wilson : You wanted to kill yourself?
House : I wanted to nearly kill myself.
House : Is he better?
UNK: No.
Wilson : But he doesn't have cancer.
Wilson : We think it might be eosinophilic pneumonia.
Wilson : Maybe you didn't want to die, but you didn't care if you lived.
House : You insisted that I needed to see for myself.
House : Was he discharged?
Wilson : No. He's dying.
Wilson : You've already had two near-death experiences.
House : Not that guy, the guy in the car accident.
House : With the knife.
House : I need to talk to him.