UNK: Put him on an IV amp and gent.
Amber : Our team's scleroderma diagnosis still holds.
Amber : The test could have been negative because
UNK: the blood was tainted with the contrast.
House : Do a skin biopsy.
House : Get a side of lymph node to confirm.
House : I could have you fired.
UNK: You already had me fired.
UNK: Just proves that I can.
Chase : Were the men wrong?
UNK: No.
House : That doesn't change the fact... Why are you yelling at me?
House : Because performing tests for someone
House : who is not a doctor in this hospital...
UNK: You're frustrated. You want help, I'm here.
Chase : If you just need to vent, leave a message.
UNK: I like him better like this. You?
Thirteen : Patient developed pneumonia.
Thirteen : His lungs are filling fast.
Thirteen : We started him on antibiotics.
Thirteen : Nothing. We were wrong.
House : And you're here to say?
Brennan : We were wrong, too.
Brennan : He doesn't have scleroderma.
Brennan : Biopsy revealed no fibrotic changes.
House : Cervical lymph node has black flecks.
UNK: Just small areas of necrosis. It's nothing.
UNK: You say, "Nothing," I say, "Cancer. "
Schaffer : It's a bit of a stretch to jump right to cancer.
Foreman : I'm not jumping.
Foreman : Broad specs haven't worked, so it's not bacterial.
Foreman : Failing liver despite treatment suggests it's not fungal.
Foreman : And her high lactic acidosis points towards
Foreman : anaplastic large cell lymphoma.
Schaffer : Also suggests infection, which is a lot easier and safer to treat.
UNK: Large cell lymphoma is incredibly aggressive.
Foreman : She'll be dead in a week if we follow the textbooks.
Schaffer : Unless it's infection, in which case you irradiate her,
Schaffer : and she'll be dead in a day.
UNK: And I know you have some experience with that.
Schaffer : I've seen doctors do this before.
Schaffer : Go back to the scene of the crime,
Schaffer : if you're right this time, you purge yourself of past ghosts.
Foreman : I know it's contrary to protocol.
UNK: But I think it's more likely...
Schaffer : Ghosts are there for a reason.
Schaffer : So you don't make the same mistake twice.
Schaffer : Switch her over to third-generation cephalosporin.
Cuddy : You want to remove his eye?
House : Who told you?
Cuddy : You booked the OR.
UNK: Good.
Cuddy : You can't beat me in a foot race.
UNK: I thought we were dancing.
House : Cervical lymph node is a garbage dump.
House : A very small one.
UNK: Just one truck comes and it only comes from one home.
House : Al Gore would be appalled. The home...
Cuddy : The home is the right eye. I get it.
Cuddy : Do a biopsy.
House : On my way.
Cuddy : You're not doing a biopsy.
Cuddy : You ordered an orbital exenteration.
House : Right. Because I don't want to remove a little, tiny piece,
UNK: sit in the lab and confirm what I already know,
House : while my patient drowns in his own fluid.
House : But if you want me to, I absolutely will.
Cuddy : How advanced is the pneumonia?
House : It's taking college courses.
House : Hey, Wilson!
House : I'm going to cut some cripple's eye out!
House : Want to come watch?
Wilson : Good times.
House : We good to go?
Stark : I thought melanoma was skin cancer.
Wilson : Technically, it's cancer of the pigment cells.
Wilson : The same cells that give your iris its color.
UNK: Cancer?
Stark : Why not? What else can God throw at me?
House : Hail, locusts, smiting of the first born...
House : All depends on how evil you've been.
UNK: House.
Stark : If it's cancer, it's spread everywhere, right?
UNK: That's what's in my lungs? My kidneys?
Wilson : There is a chance, by removing the eye, to get the primary tumor,
Wilson : and three courses of radiation,
Wilson : that could...
UNK: Could what? A few months? Years?
Wilson : More likely months.
Stark : Any of your other doctors have any cheerier diagnoses?
House : If they do, they're wrong. This is the answer.
House : It's the only way to help you.
Stark : I already can't walk. I can't eat.
Stark : You're telling me that the rest of my life
UNK: is in this bed, puking and pain?
Wilson : We can manage the pain.
Stark : I'd rather just get this over with.
Stark : I've been trapped in this useless body long enough.
Stark : It'd be nice to finally get out.
House : Get out and go where?
UNK: I mean, you think you're going to sprout wings
House : and start flying around with the other angels?
House : Don't be an idiot.
UNK: There is no "after". There's just this.
UNK: House!