House : This is not the job you want.
House : This is the job in the zip code you want.
House : You engaged?
UNK: Yes.
UNK: Ta-da!
Brennan : Am I not allowed to grow up and change my priorities?
House : You're allowed to. People usually don't.
Thirteen : This is not a new symptom.
Thirteen : Our patient has spinal muscular atrophy.
Thirteen : He has documented trouble swallowing.
Thirteen : The choking is not new.
House : So, if it's nothing new, what caused the old?
Thirteen : Strongyloides worms explain the fainting.
Thirteen : We already treated...
House : So, he's all better, woman who... Thirteen.
UNK: He hasn't gotten any worse.
House : That's a pretty passive approach
House : for the daughter of an alcoholic.
Thirteen : Wrong again.
UNK: Twin 15a : We could stress his system, put him on a tilt table.
UNK: Twin 15a : If he stays conscious,
UNK: Twin 15a : it means we made the right diagnosis and we win.
House : Then, why haven't you?
House : Six against four.
House : One of the men is going to have to join the women's team.
House : On the other hand, one of the men isn't
House : an actual doctor, so I guess it's pretty fair.
House : Men, you're in the penalty box.
Taub : Who's not the doctor?
House : Glad you asked about that.
UNK: The reason I'm penalizing you is time management.
House : In diagnostics, you're always working against the clock.
House : The women came up with a theory and they treated the patient.
House : You guys just sat around in a lab,
House : hoping a series of blind tests would give you a theory.
House : You wasted the patient's time.
House : Now, I'm going to waste yours.
UNK: Handsome Fellow : Her gums are turning yellow.
UNK: Latino Fellow : Whatever it is, it's in her liver now.
UNK: Female Fellow : Fungal fit perfectly.
Foreman : We were wrong.
Foreman : And we're going to keep being wrong until we're right.
UNK: Latino Fellow : Or until she dies.
Foreman : Yeah. That was very helpful.
Foreman : Need a team to tell me we're mortals.
Foreman : Look. I'm sorry. You're right.
Foreman : Doesn't hurt to be reminded that we're dealing with real stakes, here.
UNK: Liver failure is a bad thing, but it's also a clue.
Foreman : What does it tell us?
UNK: I can't let you leave if I think you're still suicidal.
UNK: I wasn't trying to off myself.
House : No, that's right, you were just trying to kill the wall.
House : I check this box, and your next roommates
UNK: are going to be Jesus and Crazy McLoonybin.
House : That guy never had a chance.
UNK: It's going to sound stupid.
House : Suddenly, you're shy?
House : You pooped your pants in front of me.
House : It's one of the nasty side effects of dying.
UNK: Last Saturday I got in a car crash.
UNK: A drunk driver came over the line and hit me, head on.
UNK: It was like slow motion.
UNK: I saw these headlights,
UNK: then,
UNK: I saw...
UNK: Paramedics said I was technically dead for 97 seconds.
UNK: It was the best 97 seconds of my life.
House : Okay, here's what happened.
House : Your oxygen-deprived brain was shutting down.
House : A flood of endorphins and serotonin was released.
House : That's what gave you the visions.
UNK: No. Believe me. It wasn't chemicals.
UNK: I've done every hallucinogenic there is.
UNK: This was way bigger than that.
UNK: There's something out there.
UNK: Something more.
UNK: Hey, can I have my knife back?
UNK: Nope.
Taub : Who the hell isn't a doctor?
Cole : House said we can't talk.
Taub : He meant we can't talk about the case.
Dobson : House is just jerking us around.
Dobson : That's what he does.
Taub : You're not curious.
Taub : Only one reason you wouldn't be curious.
Amber : We should talk about the case.
Amber : He's punishing us for wasting time.
Amber : Maybe we shouldn't be wasting this time.
Brennan : Close that door.
Brennan : You're going to get us all fired.
Amber : We need to find a link between fainting and trouble swallowing.
Taub : We need to know if it's dysphagia or full-blown achalasia.
UNK: Paraganglioma.
Taub : How would a neo-plastic growth in his abdomen explain...
Dobson : Not his abdomen. In his neck.
Dobson : A carotid body tumor causes trouble swallowing.
Dobson : Food presses against the vagus nerve and causes the fainting.
Cole : So, if this guy has cancer, we get to keep our jobs.
Cole : If he's healthy, we're fired.
UNK: We need a CT to prove it.
Brennan : And we need the women not to figure it out while we're sitting here.