Dobson : It was the best two weeks of my life.
House : I think I will miss you most of all, Ridiculously Old Fraud.
Amber : Do you think House could be wrong?
Chase : I thought he fired you.
Amber : No. He fired the men.
Chase : I don't think he's wrong.
Amber : If he is, how would I prove it?
UNK: I just said I don't think he is.
Amber : Well, thinking isn't good enough.
UNK: You have to run a blood test for anticentromere antibodies.
Amber : Would you mind running the labs?
Thirteen : You can't.
Amber : Well, I can, but...
Chase : No, I was making a statement.
Chase : You've been fired.
Chase : So, you no longer have lab privileges.
Chase : You weren't coming here for advice.
UNK: You were coming here to con a favor to save your job.
UNK: Sorry. I'm not working for him anymore,
Chase : but he can still make my life miserable.
UNK: And you have a chance to make his life miserable.
Chase : I'm insulted.
Chase : You conned Cameron by appealing to her humanity...
Amber : I told her what she wanted to hear.
Chase : And you told me what you thought I wanted to hear.
Amber : If it's any consolation, I think your motives are more interesting.
Chase : I cannot believe he fired you.
Chase : Go draw his blood.
UNK: I'll meet you in the lab when I'm done here.
Stark : Guess you didn't find your tumor.
Amber : The other doctors tell you that you were fine?
UNK: Yeah, in the sense it's just my disease getting worse.
Stark : You come to terms with this disease.
Stark : You know it's there. You know it's waiting.
Stark : And every now and again it takes something away.
Stark : Took my walking. Took my modesty.
Stark : Now, it's taking one of my last pleasures.
UNK: Well, there's an outside shot
Amber : that something other than the SMA
Amber : is causing your eating problems.
Amber : And if it is, we can fix it, remove that tube.
UNK: Is that my blood? It's green.
Stark : What does that mean?
Amber : It means I'm not fired.
House : Is he a Vulcan?
House : If no, what makes Nimoy bleed green?
Kutner : Are we officially un-fired?
UNK: Twin 15b : How do we know she didn't fake the green blood?
House : 'Cause that would be stupid.
House : And while she may be manipulative, borderline evil, shallow...
Amber : They get it. I'm not stupid.
Taub : What contrast did you use for the CT?
UNK: ICM.
Taub : His kidneys aren't working.
Taub : They didn't filter the contrast, which, in ICM, is green.
House : Ten points.
UNK: Okay, let's add kidney failure to our list of symptoms.
Kutner : What are these points? Is that how you're deciding who to fire?
House : I'm going to fire the next person who asks me who I'm going to fire.
UNK: Now we're on the point system?
Kutner : What happened to men against women?
House : Forget the game.
Kutner : What do you mean, forget the game?
House : I mean, forget the damn game!
UNK: This guy's kidneys are failing.
House : We need to diagnose exactly...
Dobson : I thought we were diagnosing.
House : You were diagnosing. Now, I am, too.
House : I thought that Thirteen was right about the strongyloides.
House : I was obviously wrong.
House : Okay, kidney failure, aspiration, fainting. Go.
Thirteen : Kidney failure could be the result of a gram negative bacteria.
Thirteen : Our patient wears a catheter full-time.
Thirteen : It virtually guarantees bacterial infection.
UNK: Twin 15b : Which could have migrated up to his kidneys.
UNK: Twin 15a : Infection stresses his already weakened system, makes his SMA worse.
UNK: Twin 15a : That explains the choking and fainting.