Alexis : to have their father crowned one of the most available hotties of the year.
Martha : Well, according to this, your father may not be on the market.
Martha : - You didn't read the blurb here? - Mmm-mmm.
Martha : "Though claiming to be single, Richard Castle is rumored
UNK: "to be romantically involved with NYPD Detective Kate Beckett."
UNK: Mrs Dyson : - What? - "The inspiration for Nikki Heat,
UNK: "the heroine of his latest best-selling novel.
UNK: "Bachelor number nine may not be eligible for next year's list."
Castle : - Where did they get that? - Let me see.
Castle : I didn't say anything like that in my interview.
Alexis : Detective Beckett is not going to love this.
UNK: Well, maybe she'll just laugh it off.
Martha : How is it, for a man who is surrounded by women,
Martha : that you know so little about us?
Castle : Speak of the devil. Okay, either Beckett's calling
UNK: because there's a dead body, or because she read the article.
Martha : Pray for murder.
Castle : Good morning.
Castle : Dead body, I'm good.
UNK: Detective Javier Esposito : No one else had access to you home, not even your maid?
UNK: No. Nothing. Nobody like that? Okay.
UNK: Okay. Okay. Thank you.
UNK: And your daughter... Your daughter's school, they knew about...
Esposito : They knew about you guys going out of town?
UNK: Mrs Dyson : - What? - What, what?
UNK: So, what've we got?
UNK: Dr Lanie Parish : Your guess is as good as mine. John Doe. No ID.
UNK: Dr Lanie Parish : Approximate time of death is between 9 : 00 last night and 1 : 00 this morning.
Beckett : The family found him after returning from vacation.
Beckett : Apparently, he made himself quite at home.
Castle : How so?
Beckett : Well, we found his food in the fridge, toiletries in the bathroom,
Beckett : even some of his clothes in the dryer.
UNK: A real-life Goldilocks.
UNK: Mmm-hmm. It looks as though he even slept in the parents' bed.
Castle : Well, of course. That one was too hard,
Castle : and Baby Bear's bed was just right.
Castle : - Looks like he struggled. - Unsuccessfully. Here, you see that?
UNK: It's a needle mark from a syringe.
UNK: Probably was injected with something that stopped his heart.
Lanie : I'll run toxicology.
UNK: As soon as I can pinpoint a COD, I'll give you a call.
Beckett : - Great, thank you. Mmm-hmm.
UNK: Hey.
Castle : You know who kills with syringes? Mad doctors and B-movie Nazis.
Castle : - Why not just use a gun? - Guns are loud.
Beckett : I've seen squatters in abandoned buildings, but nothing like this.
Castle : And then someone sneaks in and kills him with a needle. Weird.
Beckett : - How're the Dysons doing? - Mom and Dad are pretty shaken up.
UNK: Little girl doesn't really know what's going on.
Beckett : Did anyone know they were leaving town?
Esposito : Just people from work, daughter's school, stuff like that.
UNK: - We're running them down. - Hey, check this out.
UNK: Detective Kevin Ryan : Dysons found this in the kitchen. Said it's not theirs.
Beckett : This is here. Yeah. Weird, huh?
Beckett : Why would he take pictures?
Castle : So he could put everything back the way he found it.
Beckett : He was hoping nobody would know that he was here.
Castle : Almost as though he was hiding.
Beckett : All right, have a tech pull the memory card.
Beckett : See if any of the deleted photos can tell us who he is.
UNK: - Ooh! She's gonna kill him. - He's dead.
Ryan : So, Castle, is it true? You finally off the market?
Castle : Guys, seriously, if you breathe a word of this, I swear I will make you...
Beckett : Montgomery's up to speed.
Beckett : Anything back from the Dysons' workplace or the kid's school?
UNK: I ran background checks on everyone
Esposito : who knew the family was gonna be out of town.
Esposito : So far, everyone's come back clean, but I'm gonna keep digging.
Beckett : - Anything on the canvass? Whole lot of nothing.
UNK: No doorman in the building.
UNK: None of the Dysons' neighbors noticed anything out of the ordinary.
UNK: Shocker. I've lived in my spot eight years,
UNK: I couldn't pick my neighbors out of a lineup.
Castle : Well, that's Manhattan for you.
Castle : Nobody notices anything unless it affects them directly.
Esposito : - Unless it's in the paper. - Excuse me. Beckett.
UNK: Great. Okay, good. Got a hit off of John Doe's fingerprints.
UNK: Douglass Bishop. He's in the system.
UNK: Douglass Bishop. Arrested once, 10 years ago.
UNK: Misdemeanor, drunk and disorderly.
Esposito : Charges were dropped. Besides that, he's clean.
UNK: All right, find the next of kin. After they ID the body,
Beckett : maybe they can tell us what the hell he was doing in that apartment.
Lanie : I got the results back from the lab.
UNK: He was injected with an anesthetic, ketamine.
Castle : Special K? He was killed by a club drug?
Lanie : Not in this dose.
Lanie : Whoever shot up Mr. Bishop was not looking to get him high.
Lanie : Gave him enough to put down a horse.
Orderly : The victim's sister is here.
Beckett : I'm Detective Beckett. Thank you so much for coming down.
UNK: Melanie Kopek : Is that him? Is that Doug?
Beckett : That's what we'll need you to verify.
UNK: Stan Kopek : None of this makes any sense.
UNK: Stan Kopek : I mean, why would Doug be living in these people's apartment?
UNK: Stan Kopek : He's got his own place out in Hoboken.
Beckett : Is it possible that your brother was in trouble?
Beckett : - That he was hiding from someone? - No, everybody loved Doug.
Castle : Did he owe anybody money, or have any financial problems?
UNK: Melanie Kopek : Not that I know of.