Castle : I'll be fine.
Alexis : Yeah, that's what you said when you tried to deep-fry a turkey,
Alexis : and we all know how that turned out. I just don't want you to get hurt.
Alexis : Or burn your eyebrows off again.
Castle : - I'm glad they grew back. - They're finally matching.
UNK: Heard this place was impossible to get into.
UNK: Mrs Dyson : - Excuse me. - Ricky!
UNK: Frankie! Come here.
UNK: Maitre'd : - Nice to see you again. - And you.
UNK: Maitre'd : Your table will be ready momentarily.
UNK: Castle?
UNK: Beckett?
UNK: Brad Dekker : I take it you two know each other?
Beckett : Yeah. Brad, this is Richard Castle. We work together.
Castle : Amanda, this is Kate Beckett. We work together.
UNK: Hi. Nice to meet you.
UNK: Donna Vincennes : What are you doing here? You knew that I was coming here.
Castle : I knew you wanted to come here.
Castle : I didn't think you could get a table last-minute.
UNK: You got a table last-minute.
UNK: - Yeah, I've got connections. - So do I. City health inspector.
Castle : Wow! Nice abuse of power.
UNK: So, Richard, you a cop, too?
Beckett : No, he's a novelist who's been shadowing me on my murder cases.
UNK: Oh, I do a little more than shadowing.
Waitress : Your table is ready.
Brad : So, you two working a homicide?
Beckett : A double homicide. It's actually a rather tricky case because the killer is...
Castle : I like to call him the Third Man.
Amanda : Very mysterious. Sounds like one of your books.
UNK: Yeah, it kind of does.
Castle : Anyway, he and his two partners...
Beckett : ...were going to rob a bank.
Beckett : Only he turned on the other two and killed them
Beckett : before they even finished the job.
UNK: Stan Kopek : I mean, it doesn't even make any sense,
Beckett : since usually you'd wait until you got the money
UNK: before you double-crossed your partners.
Castle : I mean, they didn't even have the right equipment to rob a bank.
Amanda : Well, I'm sure you'll figure it out, eventually.
Amanda : You know, speaking of great mysteries,
Amanda : I saw an incredible play off-Broadway the other night.
Castle : I just wish I could figure out what they were doing with the ketamine.
Beckett : Maybe it had something to do with the pet store.
Brad : You gonna eat that?
UNK: Just, it's not like there was really anything to steal there.
Castle : Unless the pet store was just a front for something else.
Amanda : Waiter, can I have another glass of wine, please?
Beckett : In which case, the owner might have been lying
UNK: when he said that nothing was stolen.
UNK: Do you want to have sex with me later?
Beckett : I'm sorry, would you mind if I made a telephone call?
Castle : - Nah. - Thanks.
UNK: Um...
Castle : Bathrooms are out by the front, right? Pardon me.
Castle : Have you got something?
Beckett : I was just having Ryan and Esposito run something down for me.
Castle : - The pet shop? - Yes! How did you know?
Castle : I was thinking the exact same thing, it's probably a front for something.
UNK: Okay, so they're going to dig up everything they can on the owner.
UNK: It could be that he's hiding something.
Castle : Right. Well, I should get back to this date.
Beckett : - How's yours going? - Great. Yours?
Beckett : Fantastic. Well, I'll see you.
Amanda : Pheasant is amazing.
Beckett : - Sorry, that's the station. - Yeah, go ahead.
Castle : - Would you pardon me? - Bathroom again?
UNK: So, what'd they find out?
UNK: Yo, we ran the pet shop owner, Noel du Preez?
Esposito : - He came up clean. - Really?
Beckett : What about in the past couple of days? Anything unusual?
Ryan : Day before yesterday, customs has him taking possession
Ryan : of half a dozen African Gray Parrots, four baboon spiders
Ryan : and two black-tailed pythons, all from South Africa.
UNK: Wait a minute, did you say black-tailed pythons from South Africa?
Ryan : Yeah, why?
Castle : Because black-tailed pythons, also known as Indian rock pythons,
Castle : are not indigenous to that area.
Castle : Why would they be coming from Africa?
Ryan : Why do you care about some motherfreaking snakes
Esposito : on a motherfreaking plane?
Castle : Because as a murder mystery novelist, I am highly paid to think like a bad guy.
Castle : Here are a few fun facts about snakes, they are cold-blooded,
Castle : they swallow huge amounts and they digest their food very slowly.
Beckett : Perfect for smuggling.
UNK: there are two things in abundance in South Africa,
UNK: racial hatred and diamonds.
Esposito : Smuggling diamonds in live snakes.
UNK: That's why the Maitlans' trip had to be this week.
Castle : They knew the shipment was coming in.
Castle : - And then the ketamine... - Was to dope the snakes,
Beckett : so they could take them up the shaft without a fight.
UNK: - And then when we came to the store... - The owner couldn't say a word,
Castle : otherwise he'd implicate himself in smuggling.
UNK: - So, we find out who robbed him. - We find the Third Man.
Ryan : Do they know they're finishing each other's sentences?
Beckett : Have uniforms pick up the owner, we'll meet you at the store.
UNK: Hi, is this seat taken?
UNK: - My name's Brad. What should we tell them?
Castle : This is going to be awkward.
UNK: They'll be okay.
Beckett : Is the owner in custody?
Ryan : Wife said he was here working late. Place looks closed.
UNK: Okay, Castle, hold my purse. Follow me.
Esposito : Ready? Let's go.
Esposito : Room all clear. Here, too.
UNK: Whoa!
UNK: NYPD!
UNK: Drop the weapon!
UNK: Get down! Down!
UNK: Hey, you okay?
UNK: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Takes a lot more than that to scare me.
Beckett : What about a big hairy spider on your shoulder?
Castle : Yeah, that would do it.
UNK: Du Preez : I didn't know you were the police! I have a right to defend my store.
Beckett : Defend from who, Mr. Du Preez?
Beckett : According to customs, you took possession of two black-tailed pythons.
UNK: Du Preez : Which is not a crime.
Castle : No, but black-tailed pythons are indigenous to India,
Castle : so why ship them in from South Africa?
UNK: My suppliers are there. There is nothing illegal about my business.
Castle : Then where are the snakes?
Beckett : They weren't in the store,
Beckett : and we didn't find any invoices indicating that they were sold.
Castle : You know what we did find?
UNK: A color grader, a UV Lamp, and a karat weight scale.
UNK: All tools of the diamond trade. So what happened, Mr. Du Preez?
Beckett : Because we think someone broke into your store,
Beckett : came down the dumbwaiter shaft and stole your shipment of diamonds.
Beckett : Now that's your problem.
Beckett : My problem is that they left two bodies behind.
UNK: Okay. Fine. You don't want to implicate yourself, I get it.
Beckett : So, I'm simply going to ask, who knew about the shipment?
Beckett : Come on, Mr. Du Preez.
Beckett : Don't you want us to find them? Who knew? Who did you tell?
UNK: Du Preez : - I told no one. - Mr. Du Preez...
UNK: Du Preez : I picked up my cargo at the airport personally,
UNK: Du Preez : and I locked them in my office.
UNK: Du Preez : The next day, they were gone.