Beckett : - Just looking for a place to go. - What? Like on a date?
Beckett : Yes, on a date. Why do you sound so surprised?
UNK: No, I just never figured you for a Drago kind of girl.
UNK: Really? What kind of a girl do you figure me for, Castle?
UNK: Oh! There's your boy.
UNK: Mickey Carlson? I'm... Hey! Hey!
Beckett : Mickey Carlson, you're under arrest for the murder of Douglass Bishop.
Beckett : This is the ketamine that you used to kill Doug Bishop.
UNK: No, no, no. That's not mine.
Beckett : Pretty smart, not using the gun, Mickey. That would have been too messy.
Carlson : That's not my gun. Look, I didn't kill anybody, I swear.
UNK: I'm not a criminal, all right? I was just squatting there.
Castle : Well, technically, squatting is a crime.
Carlson : Yeah, a victimless crime, especially the way I do it.
Beckett : If you didn't kill Doug Bishop,
Beckett : then how did he end up dead in the Dysons' apartment?
UNK: Guy from the Maitlans' apartment must've killed him.
UNK: And who are the Maitlans?
Carlson : People whose apartment I stayed in before the Dysons'.
UNK: Okay, why don't you start from the beginning
Beckett : and take us through it from there.
UNK: Maitlans put a week hold on their paper, which I was psyched about,
Carlson : because they live on East 27th, which has amazing Indian restaurants.
UNK: So, I pick the lock, I start taking pictures,
UNK: so I can return everything to its original state.
UNK: So, I'm taking pictures when I find these syringes on the table.
Carlson : Kind of weird, but I'm thinking
UNK: maybe one of the Maitlans must be diabetic or something, right?
Carlson : So, I keep going, and then, bam, it hits me.
Carlson : What's a gun with a silencer doing out on the bed?
Carlson : And next to it, I see all this gear.
Carlson : - Gear? - Mountain climbing equipment.
Carlson : At this point, I'd seen enough. I decide to get out of there.
Carlson : But just as I'm grabbing my stuff, I hear the door unlock,
Carlson : and I barely reach the closet in time.
UNK: I could see them through the slats. There was three of them.
UNK: Was this guy, a plain-Iooking dude, and a tough-Iooking SOB, man,
Carlson : he had a scar on his face, looked like a crescent moon!
Carlson : A crescent moon?
Carlson : I know, right? It's crazy. Anyway, they head into the back,
Carlson : I take the opportunity to grab my stuff and get the hell out of there.
Carlson : I end up at the Dysons'.
Carlson : Take a load off, I get comfortable, when out of nowhere,
Carlson : the front door opens and him and his friend come in.
Castle : - Who, Crescent Moon Scarface? - No, the other guy, the plain one.
UNK: They grab me and demand that I give them their phone back!
Carlson : - Their phone? - Are you making this up as you go?
UNK: No, no, no. See, in my race to get out of the Maitlans',
UNK: I must've grabbed one of their jackets which had their phone in it.
Carlson : But I don't know how they knew.
Castle : Newer phones have GPS,
UNK: - they can track it on the web. - Huh?
Carlson : Well, I didn't want their phone, and I tried to give it back.
UNK: The guy pulls out a syringe and is ready to stab me with it,
UNK: but thank God for Doug. Oh, man!
Carlson : Doug says, "I didn't sign up for murder."
Carlson : Then they start arguing. And then the syringe guy says,
UNK: "We've got three mil on the line, he's seen too much."
Carlson : Next thing I know, they're fighting, so I ran out of there.
Castle : I'm just saying it's a really good story.
Castle : Come on, mysterious bad guys,
Castle : crescent-shaped scars, hiding in a closet...
Beckett : It sounds like fiction, because it probably is.
UNK: That's too bad. He's a nice guy.
Esposito : So was Jeffrey Dahmer. Didn't stop him from eating people.
UNK: - Where are we on these Maitlans? - They're on a cruise ship.
Ryan : We're getting the ship's security to track them down right now.
UNK: All right, have them track faster.
Beckett : I need their permission to get into the place.
Castle : Can't we just get a warrant?
Beckett : On the word of a possible murder suspect? Not exactly probable cause.
Beckett : But once we disprove Mr. Carlson's story,
Beckett : we'll be able to press charges for murder.
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: Oh, hi, Brad, I...