UNK: Melanie Kopek : Not since the holiday party.
UNK: Melanie Kopek : Doug's agency threw it out by the airport,
UNK: Melanie Kopek : which is where Stan works, so we all went.
UNK: Melanie Kopek : You just never think something like this is gonna happen,
UNK: Melanie Kopek : so you don't make time.
UNK: It's okay.
UNK: Okay, thank you.
Beckett : That was the travel agency.
Beckett : If Doug was hiding from someone, he wasn't doing a very good job.
Beckett : Apparently, he hasn't missed a day of work until yesterday.
Castle : What about the Dysons' trip?
Beckett : They booked it through a different agency.
Castle : - The scuba fund? - Didn't touch it.
Castle : So, he wasn't in hiding, he didn't owe anybody any money,
Castle : and he had no discernible way
Castle : of knowing when the Dysons would be out of town.
UNK: Hey, Beckett. The geeks managed to pull the deleted photos
UNK: from our squatter's memory card.
Ryan : Care to take a look?
Ryan : Stuff on counters, inside cabinets.
Beckett : That's not the Dysons' place.
Castle : He's done this before, but in other apartments.
Ryan : Maybe he does it for the thrill.
Beckett : Maybe someone found out and got mad.
Castle : Yeah, but he'd still have to know when they were away.
Beckett : Unless Doug Bishop isn't our squatter.
Ryan : That's definitely not Doug Bishop.
UNK: Who is he?
Beckett : He's probably our killer.
Castle : What kind of psychopath takes pictures of himself and his murder weapons?
Beckett : Some killers keep trophies.
UNK: In his defense, he did delete these photos.
UNK: .45 with a silencer.
UNK: - I wonder what he had lined up for this. - Nothing good.
UNK: Has CSU pulled the prints off of the camera and personal effects?
Esposito : Yeah, they don't match Doug Bishop and they're not in the system.
Beckett : Which means he doesn't have a record.
Castle : Well, if Doug wasn't our squatter,
Castle : what was he doing in the Dysons' apartment?
Beckett : He had to have known the squatter somehow.
UNK: If this squatter was so meticulous about putting things back,
UNK: why'd he leave all this for us to find?
Castle : You're right. It makes no sense.
UNK: What? No grand theatrical theory to spin for us?
Castle : Honestly, I got nothing.
Esposito : More importantly, we don't have any prints or leads.
UNK: - How are we gonna catch a ghost? - By finding out how he haunts.
Beckett : If we can figure out how the squatter knew his marks were out of town,
Beckett : find something that connects him to the other places that he's stayed,