Beckett : then maybe we can narrow down the field.
Ryan : We'll keep going through these. With any luck, we'll find something
Ryan : that can tell us whose apartments these are.
UNK: Okay, great. Thank you.
UNK: Hey.
Castle : - Hey. - What are you doing?
Beckett : Looking to see who won the game last night.
Castle : We won.
Beckett : Do you even know what game I'm talking about?
UNK: Sure I do. The big game.
UNK: Okay, Castle. What's going on?
Esposito : Yo, Beckett. Check this out.
UNK: He took a picture of the inside of someone's medicine cabinet.
Ryan : You can almost make out the name on these prescription bottles.
Beckett : Have IS take a look at it. See if they can enhance the photo.
UNK: Michelle Langford : Oh, God! He went through my medicine cabinet?
UNK: Michelle Langford : Please tell me he didn't go through my diary.
UNK: We're not sure, Ms. Langford. Are you sure you don't recognize him?
Michelle : Yeah, I'm positive.
Beckett : And you don't know the Dysons?
UNK: No. The only person that knew I was even out of town was my mother.
Michelle : Everyone else thought I was on sick leave.
Michelle : You won't tell my boss that, will you?
Castle : Did you notice anything unusual when you returned?
Michelle : - Oh, that totally explains it. What?
Michelle : My faucet.
Michelle : For weeks I've been asking my super to fix my leaky faucet, but he never came.
Michelle : And then when I got back, it was fixed, so I just assumed that he finally did it.
UNK: But then later when I saw him on the stairs,
Michelle : he didn't even know what I was talking about.
Castle : The squatter fixed your sink?
Michelle : Yeah. And there was this bottle of,
Michelle : like, weird strawberry champagne in the fridge.
Michelle : And I just assumed that one of my friends had left it
Michelle : during a dinner party I had before I left.
Michelle : But none of my friends would have bought such a...
Castle : - Cheap bottle of booze. - Exactly.
Castle : So, he makes repairs, leaves hostess gifts.
Castle : He's the Gentleman Squatter.
Beckett : Who killed a man, so don't make him out to be the houseguest of the year.
UNK: Thank you for coming in, Ms. Langford.
Michelle : By the way, that photo in the paper did you no justice.
Michelle : - You're much better looking in person. - There's a picture of you in the paper?
Michelle : So, are you the detective girlfriend?
Beckett : - I'm sorry, the what? - He is such a catch.
UNK: Don't.
Beckett : Show me, now.
Martha : - Romantically involved? - Rumored to be.
Beckett : - What did you tell them? - Nothing! Why would I do that?
Castle : Do you have any idea what this does to my reputation?
Beckett : Your reputation? What about my reputation?
Castle : I am just as upset as you are. I'm on your team!
Castle : This is shoddy journalism, and I am two seconds away
UNK: from canceling my subscription! My subscription.
Beckett : Do you have any idea how hard it is to be a female cop?
Beckett : The last thing I need is for you to give them more ammo to...
Castle : Langford said that the only person who knew she was on vacation
Castle : was her mother, but that's not true.
Castle : If she was actually pretending to be sick,
Castle : the last thing she'd want is newspapers piling up at her front door.
Beckett : She had the papers held.
Castle : Yes, your subscription department, please.
Castle : Anyone with access to vacation-hold information
UNK: would know exactly who was out of town, and for exactly how long.
Castle : Yes, I would like to verify vacation-hold information
Castle : on two of your subscribers, please.
UNK: Who am I? I'm...
Castle : I sometimes forget I'm not actually a cop.
Castle : I don't.
Beckett : Hi, this is Detective Kate Beckett with the NYPD.
Beckett : I'd like to speak with your supervisor, please.
UNK: I can't really say he looks familiar, but you gotta understand,
UNK: we have hundreds of employees.
Beckett : Well, how many of them had access to vacation-hold information?
UNK: Well, you got about a dozen in subscriptions,
Fickas : another handful in billing,
Fickas : and of course the newspaper boys themselves.
UNK: I'm gonna need to see a list of their names.
Fickas : Sure, follow me.
UNK: Donna?
UNK: Donna Vincennes : Richard, what are you doing here?
UNK: Donna Vincennes : You're not mad about number nine, are you?
UNK: Donna Vincennes : I told my editor to keep you at seven.
Castle : No, no, it's not that. I don't care about that, much.
UNK: It's... I just... Why did you say I was dating Detective Beckett?
Donna : Oh, well, I just assumed. You kept bringing her up during the interview.
Castle : - No, I didn't. - Sure you did.
Donna : You went on and on about her.
UNK: "Beckett said the funniest this, she's the best that."
Castle : Really? I did that?
Donna : Last year, all you did was talk about yourself.
Castle : Well, Donna, I am very, very single.
Donna : Really? Because if you aren't involved, Bachelorette Number Three
Donna : asked about you this morning. Did you see her?
UNK: No.
Donna : Or are you one of those people who never goes below the fold?
Castle : I go below the fold, it's just, lately,
Castle : I've been very busy with my second Nikki Heat novel and I...
Castle : - Oh, my God. - Mmm-hmm.
Donna : Amanda Livingston.
Donna : So, do you want her number? 'Cause she wants yours.
Beckett : Hey, we got a match. Mickey Carlson, delivery boy.
UNK: Both the Dysons and Michele Langford are on his route.
Castle : Delivery boy, knew it.
Beckett : Anyway, he didn't show this morning, another carrier had to cover.
UNK: You know, there's no address on this application.
Beckett : Do you have one on file?
Fickas : No, he never gave us one. And now I know why.
UNK: Says there that payday is tomorrow.
Beckett : Does Mickey do direct deposit or does...
UNK: Or pick up his own check? Like clockwork.
UNK: Payroll comes in at 10 : 00 in the morning, Mickey's here at 10 : 01.
UNK: A delivery boy with a silencer and syringes full of ketamine?
Beckett : His job's just a front for whatever business he's really in.
UNK: Here's a list of all the vacation-holds on his route.
Beckett : He could be squatting at any one of them.
Beckett : He's armed, so make sure your teams use extreme caution.
Beckett : Castle and I will set up at the paper, in case he shows.
Esposito : If he's out there, we'll find him.
UNK: It's ironic, you know. People put in vacation-holds to avoid break-ins.
Castle : Good use of irony.
Beckett : - So, who's your friend at the paper? - Oh, Donna Vincennes?
Castle : She's the one who wrote the blurb about us.
Beckett : - There is no us. - I know that.
Beckett : Did you tell her that?
UNK: Yes, I did. Which worked out, actually, really well for me.
Castle : very interested in meeting me.
Castle : Once the infotainers get a hold of her with me,
UNK: they're gonna forget all about you and I.
Beckett : I can just see the headlines now, "Nine meets Three at dinner for two."
Castle : Believe it or not, there's a lot of women in this town
Castle : who like the idea of being romantically linked to me.
Beckett : I have no life.
Lanie : No, Mr. Bishop has no life. That's why he's on my table.
Beckett : - I need a date. - What?
Beckett : A date, a guy, a man.
Beckett : You're always trying to set me up with people, so here I am.
UNK: I'm game. What do you got?
UNK: Okay, what's gotten into you?
Beckett : I get so wrapped up in work. All I want to do is go home where it's quiet.
UNK: And I'm so tired of quiet, I want loud.
UNK: Okay. I have the perfect prescription for you.
UNK: - A bradekker? - No, no, baby. That's Brad Dekker.
Lanie : That firefighter I wanted to set you up with.
Beckett : Is he cute?
Lanie : He was Mr. July in last year's New York Firefighter's calendar.
Beckett : - July, huh? - Mmm-hmm.
Beckett : They always put the really hot ones in the summer months.
UNK: Exactly.
UNK: Well, then, shall we say around 8 : 00? All right. Me, too.
UNK: Good night, Amanda.
Castle : - Sorry I missed dinner. - There's quiche, if you're hungry.
UNK: Sweet, or savory, actually. So, how was your day?
Alexis : I had a truly great day.
Alexis : I got pulled out of class and called to the vice-principal's office.
Castle : - Why? What did she want? - You. Here's her number.
Donna : - Her number? - Oh!
Alexis : She's two years from ordering off the senior menu,
Alexis : but here's her number, too.
UNK: Too old? That's okay, 'cause my friend Sloan thinks you're real choice.
UNK: She is 17, but she'll be legal in three months.
Alexis : Hey, maybe we could double?
Castle : Oh? You hate me a little bit right now, don't you?
UNK: Just a little. What'd Beckett say?
Castle : Oh! I'm sure she'll be fine with it. Maybe even a little flattered.
UNK: Flattered.
UNK: I was just gonna eat that.
UNK: 10 : 15. Maybe he's a no-show.
Beckett : Patience, Castle. Hey, have you ever heard of Drago?
Castle : It's pricey, and impossible to get a table.
Castle : Unless you know someone. Why?