Castle : Has to kill him, send a message to anyone else who owes him.
Castle : So one night, he lures him into an abandoned building,
Castle : strangles him to death and throws him off the roof.
UNK: Sounds like lot of work.
UNK: Blue Shirt Guy : Why not just put bullet in his head?
UNK: Blue Shirt Guy : - Bang. - Oh, my God.
Esposito : Hey, Ryan, check this out. What is he doing with his finger?
Beckett : Punch in on that.
Beckett : It's a prosthetic.
Beckett : That's why it didn't leave a mark on our vic. That's our guy.
UNK: Hey, if he thinks Castle's a threat,
UNK: Cosmo Reporter amy : - he's... - We gotta get him out of there, now.
UNK: Their security's pretty well-armed. We go in as cops, it might get messy.
Ryan : - What are you doing? - I'm gonna go in there.
UNK: And if I'm not out in 10 minutes, you guys call for backup.
Beckett : Can I have my purse, please?
UNK: What're you gonna do? Lip gloss them to death?
Beckett : Something like that.
Beckett : Come on, boys. My boyfriend is waiting.
UNK: He is player. If I don't go inside, he will lose.
Beckett : I'm his lucky charm, you know? No?
Beckett : Well, maybe I can be a lucky charm for you.
UNK: We win, and when I'm in there we always win,
UNK: and then maybe I can share some of my boyfriend's luck with you.
UNK: Blue Shirt Guy : All in.
UNK: It's a big pot, Mr. Writer Man. All that money.
UNK: But then what is money to a millionaire, huh?
UNK: You just can write it off on your taxes as doing research.
UNK: Blue Shirt Guy : All in.
UNK: You are like character in your book, in too deep.
Castle : Three queens.
Castle : That's very impressive.
Castle : Not a lot can beat three queens.
Castle : Except an inside straight, maybe. Sweetheart, this is for you.
Castle : Would you change this into something a little smaller that I can carry?
Castle : Now that is a big pile of money. But what's money to a mobster, right?
UNK: Walk.
UNK: Guy In White : - Who are you? - I told you, I'm, I'm a novelist.
UNK: Guy In White : The story. The dead man, the roof. Who told you? Who knows?
Castle : His family knows. His children know.
UNK: Guy In White : If he paid what he owed, he'd be home with them now.
UNK: Guy In White : But he crossed me. And now you have crossed me.
UNK: - No, no, no, no. I'm just a writer. - Do not lie! You are cop.
Beckett : Him, a cop? Don't make me laugh. He's barely even a man.
UNK: Cosmo Reporter amy : - Beckett? - But you are a man, aren't you?
UNK: A very handsome man.