Beckett : Richard, are you bothering this handsome man?
UNK: Guy In White : Go away.
Beckett : Okay. Boys and their guns. Am I supposed to be impressed?
UNK: Guy In White : It doesn't concern you.
UNK: Actually...
Beckett : It does.
Castle : Is it just my imagination or did you change?
UNK: Castle, could you get some backup, please?
UNK: Mrs Allen : - Yeah. Yeah. - Quiet.
Beckett : Thank you.
UNK: This way.
UNK: So, how is she?
Beckett : It's hard when everything you thought you knew turns out to be a lie.
Castle : Well, not everything was a lie. Not her husband's love.
Castle : I mean, sometimes we do the wrong things for the right reasons.
Castle : Speaking of happy endings, thanks for saving my life.
UNK: I was just trying to avoid paperwork.
Castle : We make a pretty good team, you know.
Castle : Like Starsky and Hutch.
Castle : Tango and Cash. Turner and Hooch.
Beckett : You know, now that you mention it, you do remind me a little of Hooch.
UNK: Mmm.
Castle : It's because you're afraid, isn't it?
UNK: You're afraid that if you look into your mother's death,
Castle : that you'll go back down that rabbit hole and lose yourself again.
Castle : But it's different this time.
Castle : We have good leads. We have strong leads.
Castle : And you won't have to do it alone. We can do it together.
UNK: What if I don't wanna know? Did you ever think of that?
Beckett : What if I'm not ready?
Beckett : What if the idea of catching my mom's murderer
Beckett : and then having to sit there and watch as he cuts some deal
UNK: that puts him back out on the street in 10 years makes me nauseous?
Beckett : You dredged up my past for you, Castle,
Beckett : not for me, and you're too selfish to even see it.
Beckett : The case is closed, Castle.
Beckett : We made a deal, and I expect you to honor it.
Alexis : - You're writing? - It's time.
Alexis : And Beckett?
Alexis : I'm sorry, Dad.
Castle : So how was the movie?
Alexis : We didn't go.
UNK: Blue Shirt Guy : - Why not? - Owen.
Beckett : What happened?
Alexis : He was playing video games and lost track of time.
Alexis : By the time he showed up, it was too late.
UNK: Sorry, sweetie.
Alexis : And then when he did show up, he tried to act like it's no big deal.
Alexis : Like I'm overreacting. I mean, he didn't even call.
Alexis : Why do boys do that? Why do they always have to justify everything?
Alexis : Why can't they just say they're sorry?
Beckett : Thank you.
UNK: For what?
UNK: For just being you.
Castle : I'm sorry. What I did was wrong.
Castle : I violated your trust,
Castle : I opened old wounds, and I did not respect your wishes.
UNK: And if we're not gonna see each other again,
Castle : then you deserve to know...
Castle : I'm very, very sorry.
UNK: Castle.
Beckett : I'll see you tomorrow.