Beckett : They wouldn't have looked at him twice at customs.
UNK: The guy had skills. Why would he do something so stupid?
Ryan : Because he had to.
Ryan : - I just went over financials with the wife. - How bad?
UNK: They've been living on credit cards the last six months.
UNK: And she had no idea. She thought everything was fine.
Beckett : Well, if he wasn't going to work every day, where was he going?
Ryan : Applying for jobs.
Beckett : I don't understand. Why didn't they just sell the apartment?
Ryan : - Wasn't worth the mortgage. - That's harsh.
Castle : Life insurance?
Ryan : Stopped making payments four months ago.
Ryan : The guy was basically worthless, alive or dead.
UNK: Hey, Ryan here.
Castle : You know, I get desperation. I get needing the money.
Castle : I even get being a drug mule.
Esposito : What I don't get is, where did he get the job?
UNK: Yeah, thanks, Bill. That was CSU.
UNK: Because our perps were wearing gloves,
UNK: the only prints they grabbed off the car
UNK: belonged to the owner who reported it stolen last night.
UNK: Looks like we're not gonna grab a break on this one.
Beckett : What about the glove we found at the scene?
Esposito : Dusted it, too. Nothing.
Beckett : Well, did you dust inside?
Beckett : - Inside? - Yeah, inside the glove.
Castle : You want me to put on some music?
Castle : they always do it to music in poorly-lit rooms.
UNK: It kind of reminds me of porn.
Beckett : Zip it, Castle.
Castle : Ever consider becoming a mohel?
Lanie : Keep talking and I'll practice on you.
UNK: Got you, you son of a bitch.
Esposito : Boom! Got a hit.
UNK: Luther Whitehead, busted twice for possession with intent,
Esposito : once on conspiracy.
Esposito : Pled out on all three. Did a nickel upstate for a gun charge
Esposito : and is currently on parole for conspiracy to distribute.
UNK: Something tells me his parole's about to be revoked. You got an address?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Go!
UNK: Hold it right there! Nobody move!
UNK: Hands behind your back. Hands!
UNK: Counselor, I have them dead to rights
Beckett : on weapons, possession, assault,
Beckett : desecration of a body, and about a dozen other things
Beckett : I haven't even begun to think about yet.
Beckett : - What is my incentive to cut a deal? - You don't have them on the murder.