UNK: Sexy, sexy.
UNK: Ladies, I love it, I love it. I love it. Sexy. Sexy's not a crime.
UNK: What's so special about world-famous
UNK: Cosmo Reporter amy : mystery novelist Richard Castle?
UNK: Cosmo Reporter amy : He's rich, he's handsome, and he's basing his next best seller on you.
UNK: Cosmo Reporter amy : Tell me, Detective Beckett, what's it like being the inspiration
UNK: for thrill-master Richard Castle's new character, Nikki Heat?
UNK: Kate Beckett : On behalf of the NYPD,
UNK: Kate Beckett : it has been a pleasure to offer Mr. Castle insight into the profession.
Amy : Given all his best sellers, it's obvious
Amy : Mr. Castle has tremendous insight into the criminal mind.
Amy : I'm told in many occasions,
Amy : his participation was essential to solving your toughest cases.
Beckett : Really? You were told that? By who?
Amy : - By Castle. Sexy.
UNK: Try unbuttoning his shirt. Just, just the first one right there.
UNK: - Could you excuse me for a moment? Yeah. I love it.
Beckett : Sir, could I talk to you in private for a moment, please?
UNK: - Beckett, I have a couple... - Now.
Montgomery : We had a deal, Beckett.
Beckett : - The deal is off. - What's the problem?
Beckett : Not only does he have the bachelor-party cop twins out there
Beckett : using him as a stripper pole while I make nicey-nice with the press,
UNK: - but do you know what he said? - No.
Beckett : He said that he has been instrumental in helping us solve crimes.
UNK: - Well, hasn't he? - That's not the point.
Montgomery : Do you know how hard it is for NYPD to get good press?
Montgomery : I mean, in a magazine that people actually read?
Montgomery : This article is very important to the mayor,
Montgomery : therefore we are going to cooperate. Do I make myself clear?
Beckett : Okay. Fine.
UNK: It was nice to meet you.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : We should have photo shoots here more often.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Hey, Beckett, how come you don't wear a uniform like that?
UNK: Because I don't wanna get paid in singles.
UNK: Hey.
Ryan : Oh, hey, don't we have that thing?
UNK: No.
UNK: Yeah. You know, the thing with the guy.
UNK: - Oh, yeah. The thing with the guy. - Yeah, excuse us.
Castle : I just wanted you to know I had nothing to do with this.
Castle : I mean, it was the magazine.
UNK: Well, the mayor thought it would be good press.
Beckett : - You don't have to explain yourself. - Really?
UNK: Really. See? I don't care anymore.
Beckett : Now, if you'll excuse me, I have an interview to get back to.
Castle : What did I do that was so wrong?
Beckett : The one thing I asked you not to do.
Castle : Okay, so you asked me not to look into your mother's murder.
Castle : But look at what I found.
Beckett : It doesn't matter what you found. I put that all behind me a long time ago.
Beckett : We can get back to the interview now.
UNK: Nope, you're gonna have to reschedule. We just caught a body.
Beckett : - So sorry to step out on you, Amy. - Oh! Are you kidding? It's perfect.
Amy : A chance to see Castle in action. Our readers'll love it.
Montgomery : Well, we wouldn't want to disappoint your readers,
Montgomery : now, would we, Detective?
Castle : - Hey, can we talk about this, please? - There's nothing to talk about.