Beckett : As much as we all appreciate your insightful
Beckett : and incredibly believable theories,
UNK: Ms. Cosmo is gone, so I believe you can go home now.
UNK: Home? No. No, no, no. This case just got good. And I'm a witness.
Beckett : All right, I'll let you work this one case with me
Beckett : if you promise to leave me alone when it's over
Beckett : and not to weasel your way back in.
Castle : Deal. But fair warning, Detective. I will make you change your mind.
Beckett : - I won't. - You will.
Castle : So what's the next step? Victim's family?
Ryan : I didn't think she'd take him back.
Beckett : - Mrs. Allen? - Yes?
Beckett : It's about your husband.
UNK: Mrs Allen : He was just right here, just a couple of hours ago. And now he's dead.
Beckett : Do you know of any reason why he'd be in that part of town?
UNK: Mrs Allen : No. His office is in Midtown. It's nowhere near Ninth.
Beckett : What time did he leave the apartment?
UNK: Around 6 : 00. He'd just gotten back from his trip
UNK: Mrs Allen : and he said he needed to catch up on some paperwork.
UNK: Mrs Allen : He said he'd only be gone for a couple of hours.
UNK: You said "a trip"?
UNK: Mrs Allen : He was in Albuquerque on a training seminar. It was just two nights.
Beckett : Did you notice anything unusual recently? Any strange behavior?
UNK: Well, he had to work late a little more often than usual,
UNK: but, I mean, in this economy, who doesn't?
UNK: Mrs Allen : He had to lay off half his department last year.
Castle : And you're sure he was working late?
UNK: Mrs Allen : What are you saying? That he was cheating?
UNK: Mrs Allen : Every night, he would walk through that door,
UNK: Mrs Allen : and the kids would just race into his arms, okay?
UNK: Mrs Allen : And now he's gone.
UNK: Mrs Allen : So don't ask me if he was really working late.
UNK: Mrs Allen : Tell me why he was killed.
Beckett : - He didn't mean to imply... - What about phone calls?
Castle : - Maybe late at night? - Castle.
UNK: Mrs Allen : Yeah. Yeah. One of the guys that John fired, Max Haverstock,
UNK: Mrs Allen : he would call him up late at night
UNK: Mrs Allen : and he would yell at him, all sorts of things.
UNK: Mrs Allen : I guess he was hurting, he needed money.
UNK: And I, I told John that he should just hang up on him,
UNK: and John said no, he couldn't do that.
Beckett : Did he ever give him money?
UNK: Mrs Allen : My husband didn't believe in handouts.
UNK: Mrs Allen : He believed that a man should make his way.
UNK: Mrs Allen : Where is he? I'd like to say goodbye.
Beckett : About that, um...
Castle : That was awkward.
UNK: It just, it doesn't make any sense.
UNK: The guy's got a stable, middle-class life.
UNK: Good job, good family.
Castle : Maybe his friend Max was jealous.
UNK: Yeah, maybe enough to kill him, but to steal his body?
Beckett : Hey, Esposito, I need you to look up a friend of the vic, Max Haverstock.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : Okay, find him and bring him in.
Alexis : Dad. Thank God you're home. Are you okay?
Castle : Yeah, I'm fine. Why?
UNK: "Fine"? Masked gunmen, body snatchers?
Alexis : I texted you, like, a thousand times.
Castle : I'm sorry. My phone must have been off. How did you know?
Alexis : - Beckett called. - Really?
Martha : She just wanted to let us know you were all right.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Martha : So, has she forgiven you?
Castle : Not exactly, Mother. But I'm working on it.
Castle : She has agreed to let me help on the case.
UNK: Well, that's a start, I suppose.
Castle : It is more than a start. It is an opportunity.
Castle : She may have built a wall between us,
Castle : but I am going to build a door in that wall,
Castle : or put up a ladder, or dig a hole.
Martha : - You have a strategy? - Be my usual charming self.
UNK: Uh-huh. What about plan B?
Alexis : So was it awful? Were you scared?
UNK: Me, scared? No way. Come on.
Castle : Now excuse me while I change my shorts.
Ryan : - Dad. - No, I was scared,
Castle : but all they were after was the body.