Castle : There's a whole table of tattooed Russians.
Castle : Apparently, there are a lot more Russians in Chinatown than I thought.
Castle : So, the Russians are regulars here,
Castle : but only a handful of them play at the no-limit table,
Castle : which is where John Allen would have gone.
UNK: The guy said they're card bullies, pushing up pots,
Ryan : You think he has any idea he's recapping a conversation
UNK: that we just heard in its entirety?
Esposito : Give the guy a gadget, he thinks he's Bond.
Ryan : Let's just hope he remembers he's wearing a camera
Ryan : before he goes and takes a leak.
Esposito : - Why would you even... - Trust me.
UNK: I'm going to go sit at the table, see if I can find anything out.
Beckett : What did he say?
UNK: - He just said he's taking a seat... - That's not the plan.
Beckett : That's not the plan, Castle!
Beckett : How's it going?
UNK: This is no-limit table.
UNK: Which is perfect, because I am a no-limit kind of guy.
UNK: Change for 20,000, please.
UNK: No, no, no, no, no, no! No! What's he doing?
UNK: Dropping half my yearly salary like it was pocket change.
Castle : Nice tats.
UNK: Tat... No, tattoos. The tat... It's nice. What do they say?
UNK: Track Jacket Guy : It says mind your own business and play cards.
Castle : All right. Don't mean to pry. I'm just... I'm actually just a writer.
UNK: I'm just doing a little bit of research.
UNK: Anything we might have heard of?
UNK: Vest Guy : - Derrick Storm. - Yeah.
UNK: I love this guy. Why did you kill him?
Castle : It's a long story. But I'm working on a new one about underground poker.
UNK: And you, you want for it to be authentic.
UNK: Exactly.
UNK: Goatee Guy : No problem.
UNK: Yeah.
Esposito : Seems like he's making friends.
UNK: They just said they're gonna take him for everything he's got.
Esposito : What, you speak Russian?
Beckett : Semester in Kiev between junior and senior year.
Beckett : Sometimes, when I am bored, I go to Glechik Cafe in Little Odessa
UNK: and pretend to be Muscovite.
UNK: Now, that's kind of hot.
UNK: Raise.
UNK: Call.
UNK: Track Suit Guy : I call.
UNK: Check the players' hands. See if there's anything
UNK: that'll explain the bruise patterns on our vic's neck.
UNK: Call.
UNK: Mr. Castle, tell me a little bit more about this book.
UNK: Well, it's about a Russian mobster with a taste for cards.
UNK: He preys off of desperation,
UNK: luring people into betting more than they have.
UNK: Blue Shirt Guy : And why would he do this?
Castle : Because he's also a loan shark.
Beckett : - What the hell's he doing? - He's playing poker.
Esposito : He's trying to provoke one of these guys into giving up their hand.
Beckett : Or he's trying to tip off our killer.
UNK: a family guy, he gets in a little too deep.
UNK: He can't pay the loan back.
Castle : So the mobster got no choice.