Castle : - Why? - Why indeed?
UNK: "Dad, where are you?" "Dad, are you all right?"
UNK: "Dad, call us right away."
Castle : Your concern is touching.
Alexis : Okay, that one was after I knew you were all right.
Castle : Yeah, but I thought we were gonna go see that together.
Alexis : We were, and we still can.
Alexis : But he invited me to go see it with him next Friday.
Castle : You'd rather go with your boyfriend than your dad?
Castle : What is wrong with you?
Alexis : If you really want me to go with you, I will.
Montgomery : No, no. You tell Owen he has won this round,
Alexis : Thanks, Dad. And I'm glad you weren't killed by body snatchers.
Castle : Me, too.
Martha : Has Hollywood totally run out of ideas?
Castle : But Ryan Reynolds is playing the wee triangle, and he's good.
Beckett : Are you sure this is the guy?
Esposito : Maxwell Haverstock. And he confirmed he knew the vic.
Castle : This guy couldn't throw a wet sponge off the roof, let alone a body.
Beckett : - Mr. Haverstock? - Yes?
Beckett : Do you know why you're here?
UNK: Max Haverstock : No, they just told me I needed to come in.
Beckett : It's about John Allen. He was murdered last night.
UNK: Max Haverstock : That's terrible.
Beckett : - You and he were friends. - We had adjoining cubicles.
Beckett : When was the last time you saw him?
UNK: Max Haverstock : Not since D-Day. That's what we called it.
UNK: You know, "D" for "downsizing."
Beckett : - You were let go? - Yeah.
Beckett : I bet that made you pretty angry.
UNK: Max Haverstock : Yeah. Fifteen years we worked there together, you know.
UNK: Max Haverstock : You'd think that would mean something.
UNK: You think that loyalty would be worth something.
UNK: Max Haverstock : You know what it's worth? A kick in the teeth!
Beckett : - Did you ever call and tell John that? - Yeah, all the time.
UNK: Max Haverstock : Yeah, I told him we didn't deserve to be treated like that.
UNK: Max Haverstock : But I promised him one day the worm would turn,
UNK: 'cause karma's a nasty little bitch.
Beckett : Is that why you killed him?
Beckett : - Who? - John.
UNK: - Why would I wanna kill John? - For firing you.
UNK: Max Haverstock : He didn't fire me. We were let go together on D-Day.
UNK: Max Haverstock : Fortunately, I was able to find another job.
Beckett : He didn't have a job?
UNK: Max Haverstock : I guess he doesn't have to look for one anymore.
Esposito : Hey, yo, Beckett. Story checks.
Esposito : John Allen was laid off eight months ago when the AIG crisis hit.
Beckett : What about Albuquerque?
Ryan : No record of a John Allen coming back from any flight in the Tri-State area.
UNK: Well, makes you wonder what else he lied to his wife about.
UNK: And how he paid all of his bills.
UNK: Beckett.
Beckett : All right. Thank you.
Beckett : They found his body. Again.
Beckett : What happened?
Lanie : - Someone operated on him. - Operated?
Lanie : They cut him open and took all of his organs out.
UNK: Well, somebody hated his guts.
Lanie : The guys who did this weren't surgeons.
Lanie : The cuts are sloppy. Box cutters and kitchen knives.
UNK: Any idea what they were looking for?
Lanie : I ran a tox screen and found nothing in the bloodstream.
Lanie : But in the body cavity itself there were trace amounts of powder cocaine.
UNK: - He was their drug mule. - Guess they couldn't wait for him
Lanie : to pass the packets the old-fashioned way.
Castle : I don't buy it.
Castle : How does a middle-aged insurance actuary
Castle : with no history of substance abuse, no criminal record,
Castle : become a drug mule? I mean, this was not a bad guy.
Castle : You don't just fill out an ad on Craigslist.
UNK: You gotta, you gotta know people. Bad people.
Lanie : As freaky as all this is, let's not forget it happened post mortem.
Lanie : The actual cause of death is up here.
Lanie : Bruise pattern indicates the assailant strangled him with both hands.
Castle : The bruising is a little lighter right there.
Beckett : What would account for that?
UNK: Dislocated or broken finger, maybe.
UNK: Maybe he's fancy. Strangle people with his pinky sticking out.
Castle : Like tea.
Esposito : Just got off with Homeland Security. Passport records indicate
Esposito : that John Allen was coming back from Mexico, not New Mexico.
Beckett : No criminal history, healthy, white, middle-class.