Joey : Did you know that during pregnancy..
Joey : your fingers swell up to twice their size and never go back?
UNK: Oh, my God! Let me see that.
Joey : You fall for it every time.
UNK: Hey! I brought you my old maternity clothes.
UNK: Oh, Pheebs, that's so sweet. Oh, those are so cute!
UNK: Look. See how they expand as the baby grows?
UNK: And after the baby's born they're great for shoplifting melons.
UNK: Good, you're all here. Thanksgiving, 4 : 00.
Monica : Guess who I invited? Remember Will Culvert from high school?
UNK: -No. -He was in Ross' class.
UNK: Marching band, was kind of overweight. Really overweight.
Monica : I was his thin friend.
UNK: I don't remember. Are you talking about your imaginary boyfriend?
UNK: No, that was Jared.
UNK: Wow. Haven't thought about him in a long time.
UNK: Will's here on business, and he didn't have a place to go, so I invited him here.
UNK: -That's nice. -Oh, he's lost a bunch of weight.
UNK: He looks good. Okay, I mean really gorgeous.
Monica : -I still love Chandler. -Wouldn't hurt you to say it once in a while.
Monica : Just so you know, I'm not gonna make a turkey this year..
UNK: -What? -Phoebe doesn't eat turkey.
UNK: -Phoebe! -Turkeys are beautiful, intelligent animals.
UNK: No, they're not! They're ugly and stupid and delicious!
UNK: Plus, eating them is like a tradition.
UNK: It goes back to the first Thanksgiving when the Indians sat down with the cowboys.
UNK: Oh, right. That's when they had that big rodeo at Plymouth Rock.
UNK: It's not just Phoebe. Will's still on a diet, Chandler doesn't eat Thanksgiving food..
UNK: -Rachel's having her aversion to poultry. -She is?
UNK: Yeah. Remember? I had to leave the other day when you had that chicken.
Joey : I thought that was because I put the whole thing..
Joey : on my hand and made it walk across the table.
UNK: It's not worth it to make a whole turkey for just three people. It's a lot of work.
Joey : But you gotta have turkey on Thanksgiving!
Joey : Thanksgiving with no turkey is like Fourth of July with no apple pie.
Joey : Or Friday with no two pizzas.
Monica : Fine, if it means that much to you. But there's gonna be a ton left over.
UNK: No. I promise I will finish that turkey.
UNK: You're telling me you can eat almost an entire turkey in one sitting?
UNK: That's right. Because I'm a Tribbiani! This is what we do.
Joey : We may not be great thinkers or world leaders..
UNK: we don't read a lot or run fast, but damn it, we can eat!
UNK: Rachel's. But good to know where you're at.
UNK: -Hey! -Hey!
Phoebe : -Happy Thanksgiving. -You too!
UNK: -Can I help? -Yes.
Monica : Chandler usually helps, but he's into the game.
UNK: Could you fold these napkins? I'm gonna go across the hall to check on the yams.