UNK: Richard Castle : - Hi! - Hi.
UNK: There's something I need to show you.
Castle : I found this in the archives from his first run for office.
Castle : See, Horn wasn't wealthy, but his wife came from money.
UNK: She tapped into her family trust to finance his first campaign.
UNK: All this time we thought that Horn was hiding his affair from his wife.
UNK: Yeah. But what if she knew about the affair?
Castle : What if he got the blackmail money from her?
Ryan : Yes, ma'am. Account number 737-88103?
Esposito : According to the administrator of the family trust,
UNK: Mrs. Horn marketed about 300,000 worth of stocks last week.
Castle : She knew.
Ryan : Bank records indicate the funds were withdrawn
Ryan : two days before the exchange.
UNK: Her husband's killed. $250,000 goes missing. She doesn't say a word?
UNK: Laurie Horn : Of course I didn't say a word. It's none of your damn business.
Beckett : Despite the fact that it could have had significant bearing
Beckett : on your husband's murder?
Laurie : I have a family, Detective Beckett.
Laurie : Their father is dead.
Laurie : What use is dragging their names through the mud,
Laurie : providing fodder for late-night comedians?
Castle : When did you know?
UNK: The trust called to confirm the stock sale.
UNK: My wonderful husband forged my signature on the papers,
UNK: thinking I would be too stupid to notice.
UNK: And when I confronted him, he claimed he needed the money for tax reasons.
UNK: Reasons that I wouldn't understand. But I understood, all right.
UNK: Everything that I wanted, everything that I wanted us to be,
UNK: and he can't keep his fly zipped.
Beckett : So what did you decide to do?
Laurie : Between public humiliation and blackmail,
Laurie : I chose blackmail, and I told him to make it go away.
Beckett : So, what do you think happened that night?
Castle : I don't know.
UNK: Okay. So, that night, when he called, what did he actually say?
Laurie : That he had the money. That he was going to meet the guy.
Laurie : And that was the last thing he said to me.
UNK: And God knows what happened after that.
Beckett : And you're sure that he had the money?
Laurie : Yes. Why?
Beckett : - Because we found it at your house. - My house?
Castle : The search warrant was served this morning.
Castle : Your housekeeper was very cooperative.
Beckett : If your husband had the money when he was killed,
Beckett : how did it get back to your house?
Beckett : You were more than angry, weren't you? You were outraged.
Beckett : He didn't just betray you, he humiliated you and everyone was going to know.
UNK: And so you just decided to make it go away.
UNK: You see those wives in the inevitable press conference,
Laurie : standing stone-faced next to their men and you think,
UNK: "How do they do that? How do they just stand there?
UNK: "How do they watch as their whole world melts into a spotlight of shame?"
Beckett : And so you killed him.
Laurie : No. No. I was home.
UNK: You called your husband at 11 : 00 p. m. What did you say?
Laurie : I was with my daughters.
Beckett : Conspiracy to commit murder is the same as murder,
Beckett : whether you were there or not. Are you ready to deal?
Laurie : He said no one would ever know.
Beckett : Mrs. Horn. Laurie. I need to know who.