Castle : So all you need to do is find your blackmailer.
Bollinger : That's impossible. I kept those photos under lock and key.
UNK: No offense, Jason, but your desk isn't exactly Fort Knox.
Beckett : If somebody knew about them, they wouldn't be difficult to get.
Bollinger : Do you know how many people are in and out of this office?
Beckett : - No, but I would like a list. - Now, wait a minute.
Bollinger : You intend on opening up an investigation on my campaign
UNK: with two weeks left in the election?
UNK: What are you trying to do, cost me the race?
Castle : What are you worried about? You're running unopposed.
Bollinger : Not anymore.
Bollinger : Laurie Horn announced that she's running for her husband's seat.
UNK: Yesterday, I had an eight-point lead.
Bollinger : With the sympathy bump, by tonight we'll be tied.
UNK: Irony is that if I release those photos now,
Bollinger : the people will love her even more.
UNK: At least 300 people had access to those photos.
Castle : Are you planning on questioning all of them?
Beckett : No, they're just for reference.
Beckett : Horn was worried he couldn't keep paying
Tiffany : without the campaign finding out.
UNK: Richard Castle : - So? - So, if the money was coming
Beckett : from the campaign, then there's bound to be a trail.
UNK: Blackmail.
Beckett : We believe he may have been making payoffs through the campaign.
Nesbit : I've known Jeff for years. He's a good man. A family man.
Castle : - You had no idea? - None. If this gets out...
Beckett : Mr. Nesbit, if he used campaign funds to make payments,
Beckett : then we should be able to trace them back to the blackmailer,
Beckett : but we need access to your campaign ledgers.
UNK: Yeah, of course. I'll get you a disk.
UNK: Look, Detective...
Nesbit : What he did was wrong. I'm not excusing it.
Nesbit : But if you release those photos, you'll be doing irreparable harm
Nesbit : to all the good he did in this city,
Nesbit : not to mention causing immeasurable pain to his family.
Beckett : These photos are evidence in a murder investigation.
Beckett : We have no intention of releasing them.
UNK: Oh, thank God for that.
Beckett : But you should be aware that, one way or another,
Beckett : these sorts of things inevitably see the light of day.
UNK: Captain Roy Montgomery : You got something against foamy richness?
Beckett : Yeah. It annoys me.
Esposito : Detective Beckett, we cross-referenced Horn's campaign payouts
UNK: to the volunteers and employees at Bollinger's office.
Beckett : - And? - There were a series
UNK: of off-book payments totaling 30 grand,
UNK: routed bank-to-bank with no payee, just an account number.
Beckett : Were you able to track down the account?
UNK: Oh, yeah. It's Bruce Kirby.
Esposito : That PI that took the pictures. He is your blackmailer.
UNK: - Did you run him up? - Of course. Real peach.
Esposito : Lost his badge for excessive force. On probation for criminal intimidation.
Ryan : And he has registration for a. 38.
UNK: Same caliber that killed Councilman Horn.
Ryan : Oh, that's good. That's the stuff.
UNK: Yeah.
Esposito : - It's good, man. - Flavor country.
UNK: The gutless punk isn't gonna use them, why the hell shouldn't I?
Esposito : Because it's illegal.
Kirby : Hey, I'm not the one that was dipping my churro in sugar
Kirby : nearly half my age. The guy had it coming.
Beckett : Except he found you out. He came after you.
Castle : - Yeah. - So what happened, Kirby?
Beckett : He lose his cool? He get violent?
Castle : - What? No. - You put a round in his head
Beckett : and tried to pin it on Creason.
UNK: Whoa, whoa, whoa, Sherlock, I didn't kill him.
Kirby : He was coming to meet with me, yes. With a proposition.
Kirby : He wanted to know what it would take to make it all go away, forever.
Beckett : What did you tell him?
UNK: Well, I thought, "What the hell?" 250,000.
Kirby : I never thought he'd say yes. He did. He got the money.
Kirby : The night he was killed, he was coming to meet me with it.
Kirby : He never showed.