Beckett : Yeah, well, thanks for not making it a joke.
Castle : Hey, I'm a wise-ass, not a jackass.
Beckett : I didn't know there was a difference.
Castle : So, what's your next move?
Castle : Last person to see him alive?
Castle : Establish a timeline? Grab a donut? More really bad coffee?
Beckett : This female detective of yours, exactly how much will she be based on me?
Castle : Well, she's not too bright, and kind of slutty.
Beckett : Right, so was that wise-ass or jackass?
Castle : Actually, that was jackass.
UNK: No, honestly, you're not gonna have
Castle : anything to be embarrassed about.
Castle : She's gonna be...
Castle : She's gonna be really smart, very savvy, haunting good looks,
Castle : really good at her job... And kind of slutty.
Beckett : - Castle... - I should really get that.
UNK: Oh, Mother, slow down. What's wrong?
Castle : Why wouldn't I be all right?
Castle : What are you talking about?
Martha : I am standing in the middle of the bookstore,
Martha : and no one is buying your book.
UNK: Okay. What are you doing in a bookstore?
Martha : I was hungry. I came in for a pastry.
Martha : And there they were, all your books, just sitting there.
UNK: Mother, they only just went on sale two hours ago.
Castle : What did you expect? A line out the door?
UNK: Clearly.
Castle : No one's bought one?
Martha : Hang on, kiddo, hang on.
UNK: No.
UNK: - You okay? - Yeah.
Esposito : I don't care if it was free.
Esposito : Even if you pay me, I'm still not gonna take that rug.
UNK: You're telling me you've lived in New York your whole life,
Ryan : and you've never scored a piece of road kill?
UNK: "Road kill?"
Ryan : It's an accepted practice, bro.
Ryan : You're done with your old stuff,
Ryan : you leave it on the street for those less fortunate.
Ryan : Artists, students, former hedge fund managers.
Ryan : It's trickle-down economics at its finest.
Beckett : Yeah, well, I prefer not to be trickled on.
Ryan : You know that red couch I have? The one you like so much?
Esposito : Don't you say it, bro.
Ryan : 54th and Lex.
Esposito : That's gross. Gross.
Officer : - Detective. - Yeah?
Esposito : You just got in there.
Esposito : - Jeffrey Horn. - Nice work, Scott.
Beckett : Yeah, Esposito.
UNK: No, run LUDs on his phone, see if he talked to anyone other than his wife.
Beckett : They found the wallet. Money and credit cards were gone.
UNK: Anything from the neighbors?
Beckett : The usual. Wailing cats, loud TVs, car alarms.
UNK: No shots, though. And no blood spatter.
Castle : A real robber would have left the wallet where he killed the guy,
Castle : not where he moved him.