Beckett : It's a sloppy cover-up, but it does tell us one thing.
Beckett : This was premeditated.
Beckett : Excuse me. Detective Kate Beckett, NYPD.
Beckett : We're looking for Frank Nesbit, Horn's campaign manager. Thank you.
UNK: Frank Nesbit : - Ryan, could you give us a minute? - Sure.
UNK: We've called in grief counselors for the kids.
UNK: Well, it sounds like he was more than just a candidate.
Nesbit : We were friends. We wanted to change the world.
Beckett : - Were you with him last night? - Yeah.
UNK: Until about, I don't know, 11 : 00.
Nesbit : I offered to share a taxi, but he wanted to walk.
Beckett : And where was the fundraiser?
Nesbit : Marconi's. 83rd, off Broadway.
UNK: - That's just a dozen blocks from here. - Yeah.
Beckett : Mr. Horn's body was found all the way downtown.
Beckett : Did he have any enemies?
Nesbit : Well, he was a politician.
Castle : What about his opponent?
Nesbit : It's hard to imagine Jason Bollinger doing something like this.
Nesbit : He is eight points up in the polls.
Beckett : Did Horn or the campaign receive any threats recently?
Nesbit : Just your usual crackpots, nothing special.
Nesbit : Unless you count hate mail from Calvin Creason.
Castle : Creason, the hotel and club owner?
UNK: Owns Axium and the Soho Majestic.
Castle : Even ran Club Tasty, back in the day. There was this one time...
Castle : Story for another time. What did Horn do?
Castle : Crack down on the ecstasy dealers?
UNK: Creason bought that old meatpacking warehouse
Nesbit : on the Lower East Side.
Nesbit : He wanted to turn it into his next hip hotspot.
UNK: 300 rooms, sake bar, nightclub.
UNK: Neighbors didn't want a bunch of drunken
Nesbit : B&T'ers running through the streets, so Horn killed it in committee.
Castle : Leaving Creason with millions of dollars of now-worthless real estate.
Nesbit : Creason had a beef with Horn. It doesn't mean he killed him.
Beckett : It doesn't mean he didn't. Excuse me.
UNK: You wanna know what I did when I found out that he was dead?
UNK: Calvin Creason : I ordered myself an ice-cold bottle of Cris
UNK: Calvin Creason : and toasted the sweetness of the universe, okay?
Beckett : That's pretty callous, Mr. Creason.
Creason : Listen, what do I care? What do I care?
Creason : This guy was such a putz, acting like another hotel going up,
UNK: that was gonna be the end of the world.
UNK: Do you have any idea what one of my properties does for the local economy?
Creason : This city should be paying me, not stopping me.
Castle : So, I guess we could say you had motive.
UNK: Who the hell is he? You a cop?
Castle : - I say we arrest him. - Castle...
UNK: For what... Please. You got nothing here.
UNK: If I was gonna go around killing everybody that ever got in my way,
Creason : there would be bodies stacked higher than the Chrysler Building.
Creason : I don't need to kill anyone to bury them.
Beckett : Where were you last night?
Creason : I was at my club in Soho.
Beckett : Anybody see you?
Creason : Detective, when I go out, everybody sees me.
Beckett : Thank you very much, Mr. Creason.
UNK: Sure.
UNK: I wanna take a shower.
Castle : - Where to next? - To check his alibi.
Castle : Actually, that may not be necessary.
Beckett : Why not?
Beckett : Castle, what are you doing?
Castle : Promise not to hate me.
Beckett : - I already hate you. - Fair enough.
Castle : This morning, with the body, I took a couple of pictures.
Beckett : You took photos of my crime scene?
UNK: Before you get mad, I e-mailed a couple of them to a friend of mine.
Beckett : - You e-mailed them to a friend. - Well, not exactly a friend.
Castle : She's my interior decorator. But then we slept together,
Castle : so I don't really know what she is now.
Beckett : - What the hell were you thinking? - I know, right?
Castle : You work together, you think it'll be fun, but then it always makes things weird.
Castle : It's a real cautionary tale.
Beckett : I'm talking about the photographs. Of the body.
Castle : What? No!
Castle : I didn't send her pictures of the body. I sent her pictures of the rug.
UNK: I thought maybe she might be able to tell me where it came from.
Castle : And guess what? She did.