Beckett : That's the rug.
Beckett : That's the same rug.
UNK: Don't gloat, okay, 'cause it's really unattractive.
Castle : Now can we arrest him?
UNK: - I feel you, man. - Yeah, okay.
Beckett : He didn't arrive at the club until after midnight.
Castle : So what do we do now? Wait for his lawyer to show up?
Beckett : Actually, we follow other leads. It's something that we call "working. "
Castle : Other leads! Good. Since we both know he didn't do it.
UNK: Creason? What makes you think he didn't do it?
Castle : Isn't it obvious? All the evidence points to him.
Beckett : And that somehow makes him not guilty?
Castle : - He's totally the red herring. - The red herring?
UNK: An innocent character who appears guilty.
Beckett : I know what a red herring is, Castle.
Beckett : It's a literary device used in literature.
Beckett : In real life, we don't dismiss a suspect just because he appears too guilty.
UNK: Besides, I thought you wanted to arrest him.
Castle : Yeah, because he's a tool, not because he's guilty.
Castle : The guy's a multimillionaire. He's not gonna be dumb enough
Castle : to wrap a dead body up in his own rug.
Beckett : It doesn't matter. Those rugs were custom-designed for Creason's hotel,
Beckett : so we know he's connected.
Beckett : - Hey, Esposito! - Yeah.
UNK: See what you can find on that rug.
UNK: If one went missing, what room it's from, and maybe who had access.
Castle : - Yeah. - Thanks.
Esposito : Road trip.
Castle : You're very good at bossing men around.
Castle : I've noticed.
Beckett : You're telling me that it's just a coincidence
Beckett : that a man whose murder you celebrated by drinking champagne
Beckett : was found wrapped in a rug from your hotel?
Lawyer : There are identical rugs in every room of the Axium.
Lawyer : You can't expect my client to be responsible for their whereabouts.
Beckett : Sure I can, until a jury tells me otherwise.
Creason : You are wasting my time.
UNK: Detective, look, I told you exactly what I was doing last night.
Beckett : Right. You were at the club.
UNK: They said that you made quite the entrance.
Beckett : Supermodel on each arm.
UNK: Yeah. You know, the last time I checked, it's not a crime, is it?
Beckett : No. But you know what it is? Memorable.
Castle : Here it comes, and...
UNK: Booyah.
Castle : Asleep? You are lame!
UNK: You're so la-la-la-lame!
UNK: between the hours of 11 : 00 and 12 : 00 last night, Mr. Creason?
Nesbit : - Creason... - Hold on one sec.
UNK: No.
Beckett : So you had motive and opportunity.
UNK: Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Hold on one sec, hold on.
Creason : I didn't kill him, I had no reason to.
Beckett : He was in your way.
Creason : Yeah, but not for long.
UNK: I knew he was gonna lose the election, okay?
Creason : So I didn't have to kill him, all I had to do was wait.
UNK: You couldn't be sure that he was gonna lose the election.
Creason : Yes, actually, I could.
Creason : What do you know about Jason Bollinger,
Creason : Horn's opponent in the race?
UNK: Jason Bollinger : - Is the statement ready? - Mike's still working on it.
Bollinger : and I want my quote of outrage and sympathy in the damn article.
Bollinger : I'm sorry, it's been all hands on deck since we found out.
Bollinger : If you don't handle these things right, you get crucified.
UNK: - Mr. Bollinger, I was... - Mr. Bollinger's my father.
Bollinger : - Call me Jason. - Okay, Jason.
Beckett : How well do you know Calvin Creason?
UNK: Oh, he threw me a couple of fundraisers. We met a few times. Why?
UNK: Well, he seems to think that you have some information on Horn.
Beckett : Something that would guarantee you the election.
Beckett : - Castle? - Sorry.
Bollinger : - Come on. - Opposition research?
Bollinger : Conducted by a licensed private investigator.
Bollinger : Listen, I want to stress that everything we did
Bollinger : was completely vetted by our lawyers.
Bollinger : None of it was illegal.
Bollinger : We were just trying to determine if the councilman
Bollinger : had any significant vulnerabilities.
Castle : - And you found some. - Oh, yes.
Bollinger : Look, politics is politics, but I'm not a bad guy.
UNK: I figured as long as I was ahead in the polls, there was no reason to use it.
Beckett : That's Councilman Horn?
Castle : And that is not his wife.
UNK: I gotta hand it to Councilman Horny.