Castle : and tried to shift suspicion.
Castle : Which is stupid, because without the rug,
UNK: it would've just looked like a mugging gone wrong.
Alexis : So, by trying to look smart, they were actually being stupid.
Castle : I think you just described the human condition.
Alexis : Speaking of the human condition, how's it going with Detective Beckett?
Laurie : - What do you mean? - Oh, come on, Dad.
Alexis : You are basing a character off her.
Alexis : And you always say, you have to love your characters.
Castle : Well, she is a character. But just research. Nothing more.
Alexis : - Yeah, I'm sure. Well!
Martha : Found out why your books aren't selling. Listen to this review.
UNK: "that we wonder if Mr. Castle has anything new to say.
UNK: "It appears the magic, if there ever was any, is long gone. "
UNK: Oh, darling, I know it's awful. It's awful. I'm sorry. Daggers to the heart.
UNK: But don't you worry. I am going to write them a piece of my mind.
Martha : And who cares if they say the magic is gone?
Martha : Harper Lee only wrote one book. You've written dozens.
Martha : Of course, hers was literature, but still, I...
Castle : How long do you think it took her to find that review?
Alexis : - Probably all afternoon. - Oh, yeah.
Alexis : Oh, come on. You know she does it out of love, right?
Alexis : I mean, she thinks it's her job to keep you grounded.
Castle : Well, I certainly feel ground.
Castle : You have the Bridge, Number One.
UNK: Yes, it is. Who's this?
Castle : Yes, I did, Tiffany. And I am so glad you called.
Castle : Just out of curiosity, what are you wearing right now?
UNK: Hey.
Lanie : Damn, girl. You scared me.
Beckett : Lanie, you're surrounded by corpses.
Lanie : Yeah, I don't expect the living after 7 : 00.
Beckett : Funny. Neither do I.
Lanie : I'm an ME. What's your excuse?
Beckett : - Oh, don't be mean. - You deserve it.
Lanie : Getting a drink with me after work
Lanie : instead of getting your freak on with writer-boy?
UNK: Yeah, well, he is annoying,
UNK: self-centered, egotistical and completely...
UNK: Fun?
Lanie : And take it from me, girlfriend, you need some fun.
Lanie : I mean, how bad can he be?
UNK: Beckett.
Castle : Guess who's got a date with a prostitute!
Tiffany : Richard? I'm Tiffany.
Castle : It's a pleasure to meet you, Tiffany. Please.
Tiffany : Wow. A gentleman.
Castle : - We're a dying breed. - Well, then it's lucky I found you.
Castle : Actually, it's lucky we found you.
Beckett : Detective Kate Beckett. We need to ask you some questions
Beckett : regarding your relationship with Councilman Jeff Horn.
UNK: Sorry.
Tiffany : He was one of my regulars, but I swear I had nothing to do with his death.
Beckett : How often did you see Councilman Horn?
Tiffany : Once, maybe twice a week. At first, he just wanted to talk.
Beckett : Right. He paid you just to talk.
Tiffany : Detective, most men come to me because they're lonely,
Tiffany : because the people in their lives don't listen anymore.
Tiffany : The sex is just a way for them to feel connected again.
UNK: Okay, when was the last time that you and Councilman Horn "connected"?
Tiffany : Couple of weeks ago.
Tiffany : He came to me, hysterical. He said that he couldn't see me anymore.
Castle : What happened? His wife find out?
Tiffany : No. Someone else.
Tiffany : He said that he was being blackmailed. Someone had photos of us.
Castle : - Who? - He didn't know.
Tiffany : At first, he thought it was me.
Tiffany : He got upset, and then he panicked. He thought that I had told my friends.
Beckett : And did you?
UNK: It may surprise you, Detective, but I have dreams of my own.
Tiffany : Look, this just pays the bills.
Tiffany : If our relationship ever went public,
Tiffany : he's not the only one that would be ruined.
Castle : You said he panicked.
Tiffany : Yeah, he was desperate to find out who was behind it.
Tiffany : He wanted to cut a deal.
Tiffany : He said that he couldn't keep making payoffs
Tiffany : without the campaign finding out.
UNK: Politics, escorts and blackmail. This just keeps getting better.
UNK: The councilman was looking for his blackmailer. What if he found him?
Castle : He gets violent, the blackmailer responds.
Beckett : And then tries covering what he's done by implicating Creason.