Beckett : What do you think?
Montgomery : Waiting to receive a blackmail payoff from the vic?
UNK: My three-year-old son could come up with a better story than that.
UNK: It's so bad it might be true.
UNK: Yeah, well, we got a team tossing his place for the weapon.
Montgomery : Book him on the blackmail till we see what the search turns up.
Montgomery : In the meantime, follow the money. If this bozo's telling the truth...
UNK: Then Horn had a quarter-million dollars on him when he was killed.
Esposito : Yeah, so where's the money?
Montgomery : And where does an underpaid public servant get it from in the first place?
UNK: Well, he'd go where all politicians go.
Castle : To people who like him, people who gave him money before.
UNK: What happened to Jeff Horn was a tragedy.
UNK: Not just for his family, but for all of us he served.
UNK: And even though violence stole his life, his wife is here with us today,
UNK: refusing to let violence steal his dream of a better New York.
UNK: Ladies and gentlemen, Laurie Horn.
Laurie : Thank you. Thank you so much.
Laurie : We all know it should be my husband speaking with you today.
Laurie : It should be his calming voice, not mine that you hear.
Nesbit : This is a city council race, not the US Senate.
Nesbit : We rely on thousands of small donations, not a few big ones.
UNK: Well, some of them must have deep pockets.
Nesbit : Well, the depth of those pockets is limited by the law.
UNK: And if it wasn't limited by law,
Beckett : did Horn have any supporters that would be willing to go the extra mile?
Nesbit : Detective, with all due respect,
Nesbit : there's no way in hell I'm helping you
Nesbit : start a witch hunt against our top supporters.
Nesbit : Now, you want to go through our campaign contributors? Fine.
Nesbit : That's a matter of public record.
UNK: But anything else and you're on your own.
UNK: Over this way. - Thank you. Yes?
Esposito : - Hey. - Hey.
Castle : - Finished your homework? - Yeah.
UNK: - You wanna finish mine? - Well, that depends.
UNK: How much you offering to pay me?
UNK: - Oh, I taught you well. - Gina called.
Alexis : She wanted me to remind you about the reading and book signing
Alexis : - at Broadway Books tomorrow night. - Oh, that was nice of her.
UNK: Yeah. And if you don't show, she will,
UNK: "Drip honey on your eyeballs and let loose 100 fire ants. "
UNK: Okay. What's worse? 100 fire ants on your eyeballs
Castle : or reading to a crowd,
UNK: "Prose so bad, it sent me screaming out into the snow. "
Alexis : You know, if you really want to feel sorry for yourself,
Castle : Really? What's that damn liberal elite media saying about me now?
Alexis : "Richard Castle's stirring finale reminds us what good pulp fiction is all about.
UNK: "It makes us desire a world of startling imperfection,
UNK: "so we can rise above and become the heroes
UNK: "we always imagined ourselves to be. "
Castle : It used to be such a good paper. To see it fallen so far, it's sad, really.
Alexis : Shut up! I'm proud of you.
UNK: Well, you remember that next time I sing the peanut butter song
Castle : in front of your friends.
Alexis : - Have you caught the killer yet? - No.
Castle : Hey, if you were in a lot of trouble
Castle : and you needed a quarter of a million dollars, where would you get it?
Alexis : I'd just ask you.
UNK: Laurie Horn : - Night. - Good night.
Alexis : I'd just ask you.