UNK: Richard Castle : Oh, my God.
UNK: This is quite possibly the worst coffee I've ever tasted.
UNK: Richard Castle : It's actually kind of fascinating. It tastes like a...
UNK: Hmm.
UNK: Richard Castle : It tastes like a monkey peed in battery acid.
UNK: Richard Castle : Try some?
UNK: Detective Kate Beckett : Don't you have a book coming out today or something?
Castle : Yeah. So?
Beckett : So, you are watching me do paperwork.
Beckett : It's creepy. Don't you have somewhere else to be?
Castle : I like it here.
Beckett : Oh, my gosh! I get it. You're hiding.
Beckett : Your book is coming out today, and you are hiding.
Castle : No. Hiding would be building a fortress out of my comforter
Castle : and then downing a fifth of Scotch, but apparently that's considered unhealthy.
UNK: I thought that you don't care what people think.
Castle : I don't.
UNK: Much.
Beckett : Beckett. Yeah. Right. On my way.
Castle : Dead body? Yes!
UNK: I've set it up.
UNK: Uniformed Officer : - This the guy? - You heard, huh?
Officer : Oh, everyone's heard.
Officer : You really basing your next character on Detective Beckett?
Castle : Every artist needs a muse.
UNK: Call me a muse again, and I will break both your legs, okay?
Castle : - Okay. Detective Beckett.
UNK: Jack Lifford and Hall Morrison.
Esposito : While moving in, they see a rolled-up rug sticking out of a dumpster.
Esposito : They figure it's their lucky day.
Esposito : They bring it home, only to find there's a prize inside.
UNK: Detective Kevin Ryan : Dead guy in a rug. Naturally, we thought of you.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: 38-caliber. Close range. Killed him instantly.
Beckett : You got an ID?
Esposito : No, pockets were empty. No wallet. No keys. No jewelry.
UNK: We figured a robbery gone wrong.
UNK: Castle/beckett : - This wasn't a robbery. - This wasn't a robbery.
Castle : I rob someone, I'm not gonna stick around
UNK: to wrap him up, throw him away.
UNK: Blood splatter indicates
Beckett : he was standing near the rug when he was shot.
UNK: Where'd they find this?
Ryan : East 3rd, about two blocks away.
Beckett : All right. Let's get CSU on the rug. Fibers, blood, identifying marks.
Beckett : And let's get a team down to the dumpster,
UNK: see if they can dig anything else up.
Beckett : Lanie, you do what you can about an ID.
Lanie : Got it. - Don't bother.
Castle : I know who he is.
UNK: Captain Roy Montgomery : You got something? - Jeff Horn, 48.
Beckett : - Two-term city council member. - Friend of yours?
UNK: I recognize him from the bus ads. He's running for re-election.
UNK: Press is gonna be all over this. Does he have a family?
UNK: Yeah.
Montgomery : Well, let's try to notify them before the jackals do.
Beckett : Mrs. Horn, I know this is difficult,
Beckett : but when was the last time you heard from your husband?
UNK: I called him last night, around 11 : 00.
UNK: Laurie Horn : He was finishing up a fundraiser and heading back to the office.
Beckett : - Did he always work that late? - During elections.
Laurie : He believed that it was a politician's obligation
Laurie : to get the people's work done
Laurie : even while running for office.
Beckett : And when he didn't come home?
Laurie : Well, it wasn't unusual for him to crash
Laurie : on his couch instead of coming home, but...
Laurie : When Frank called this morning...
UNK: Frank?
Laurie : Frank Nesbit.
Laurie : Jeff's campaign manager.
Castle : How did your husband sound last night?
Laurie : - What do you mean? - Did he seem
UNK: troubled, like there was something wrong?
Laurie : No, he seemed happy.
Laurie : It doesn't make any sense.
Laurie : He's a good man, and he's a good father.
UNK: And every day he would go out there and try to make this city a better place.
UNK: Every day!
Laurie : And for him to die like this?
Laurie : Oh, no, what am I supposed to tell my girls?
UNK: You okay?
Beckett : Yeah. Why?
Castle : Can't be easy, breaking that kind of news.