Cuddy : Then why did you just say all that stuff?
House : To humiliate you.
Cuddy : You're taking the case back. I don't want it.
House : Your diagnosis is right. I want to go on vacation.
Cuddy : You can go on vacation after you've cured her.
CHASE : Good news.
UNK: The fetus's urine had appropriate levels of protein and electrolytes,
Chase : so its kidneys aren't damaged.
Emma : Oh, wow.
UNK: We're gonna put the shunt in.
Chase : Your baby's lungs should have more room to grow
Chase : and your symptoms should go away.
Emma : But he'll still need surgery, after he's born?
Chase : That's when we'll remove the blockage in the ureter.
Chase : You'll be the only mother on the planet who appreciates the value of a wet diaper.
Emma : Hey, could you hand me that?
Emma : I'm keeping a visual memory book
Emma : of this entire surreal process and this is the best part of the story so far.
Chase : Yeah. Sure. Thanks.
UNK: When'd you take this?
Emma : She did the second bladder tap.
Emma : You should keep it.
Chase : Oh, I see her all day at work. I don't need it.
Emma : Maybe you want to see her after work.
Emma : I'm right, right?
Emma : I saw the way you look at her.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: The shunt is in the right position.
UNK: Bladder is starting to decompress.
Chase : No infection.
Chase : Did House say anything else? About us?
Cameron : I thought you didn't care about his reaction. Trying to make him jealous?
Chase : I like my job.
Cameron : He can't fire you just because we're together.
UNK: We're not "together," and House can do whatever he wants.
Emma : How's my baby? Doing just fine, Emma.
Cameron : So are you.
UNK: My stomach's killing me.
Chase : That's not her stomach.
Cameron : Can you open your eyes, Emma? I just need to take a look.
Emma : What is it?
Cameron : Emma's jaundiced. Her liver's shutting down.
UNK: Figures. Just booked my trip to Johnston Strait.
Cameron : I thought you were climbing Mount Whatever in Argentina.
House : Apparently I'd have to live with the Mocoví Indians for 20 years
House : before they'd consider me an elder.
House : Decided to go kayaking with orca instead. No legs required.
Foreman : Can't leave yet. Liver failure puts her case back into the unsolved pile.
Chase : Increased AST, ALT and her bilirubin's off the charts.
House : Even fetuses lie.
House : We diagnosed a lower urinary tract obstruction because we saw one.
House : What if that's not the whole story?
House : What if the little bugger is hiding something?
UNK: The real reason for the mirror syndrome.
House : Have we looked under its bed?
House : We checked its diary?
UNK: If it's not GU, could be the heart.
UNK: Hypoplastic left heart syndrome.
Chase : There were no structural problems. The lungs.
Cameron : We won't be able to get a good look until they develop.
Cameron : It'll be weeks... She's not gonna last weeks.
Foreman : What do you want to do?
House : Maternal mirror syndrome has one sure fire cure.
House : Deliver the fetus.
UNK: That's not viable at 21 weeks. You'll kill the baby.
UNK: Fetus. Semantics make you feel better?
Cameron : Pretend it's not a person?
House : Can it play catch? Can it eat?
House : Can it take pretty pictures?
House : Who wants to tell her?
House : The swollen bladder was not the only problem.
House : We can't leave it inside you. We have to terminate.