UNK: No, I don't want a layover in Frankfurt, Taipei, Singapore or London, Ontario.
House : That's why I asked for a direct flight to Phnom Penh.
House : How hard is it to not land? Does it matter what I answer?
House : Well, then fine. I'd be delighted to hold.
House : What's new? Can you tell Cuddy to stop interfering?
House : It's her job. What's new?
Chase : Good news is Emma's heart is fixed.
Chase : Bad news is it's not her underlying problem. Her kidneys are still failing.
Foreman : You're vacationing in Cambodia?
UNK: You gonna unwind in the Killing Fields? Nope.
House : Gonna catch me a fish this big.
House : Mekong giant catfish. Weighs over 600 pounds.
Foreman : Aren't those catfish critically endangered?
House : That's why it's my last chance to catch one.
House : If the mitral valve had been properly fixed the kidney should be getting better,
House : which leads us to the conclusion that you screwed up the procedure.
Cameron : Or you screwed up the diagnosis.
UNK: The mitral valve thickening was so insignificant
Cameron : it probably wasn't the cause of the kidneys or the stroke.
UNK: Probably never would've been a problem.
Foreman : She needs dialysis and we need a new theory.
CHASE : There are only a few possibilities.
Chase : Patient's pregnant, could be pre-eclampsia.
Chase : We eliminated it before because...
UNK: Re-check for proteinuria and low platelets. What else?
UNK: Hypoperfusion.
Cameron : The fetus is basically a parasite stealing nutrients, minerals, blood.
House : Put her on telemetry.
Foreman : Or the pregnancy is irrelevant.
Foreman : Could be infection, sepsis, HUSITTP.
CHASE : A cholesterol embolism is just as likely.
Chase : Tiny particles of cholesterol rain down, clog up the small vessels of the kidneys.
House : Get a smear and ultrasound her vessels for plaque.
Cameron : That's it. Has to be one of those five.
House : You know what would be even better? If we'd narrow it all the way down to one.
UNK: She's 0 for five.
House : Either the differential was wrong or she's faking it.
Chase : Kidney failure has to be precipitated by...
Foreman : One of the five we've already ruled out.
Chase : The body only has so many ways of screwing with the kidneys.
Chase : The labs must be wrong. We did the labs.
Foreman : No one else had access.
House : That's not quite true.
Emma : You put all your patients through this many tests or just the important ones?
House : We wanted to explore all possibilities.
UNK: And?
House : We've eliminated all the possibilities.
UNK: You telling me I'm dying and you have no idea why?
House : Your body is functioning properly.
Emma : So why are my kidneys failing?
House : The other body isn't.
House : There's something wrong with the fetus.
House : Welcome to the world of maternal mirror syndrome.
House : Mom's body is like
House : an intricate German metro system.
House : All the trains run on time.
House : When she gets pregnant, it's like a new station opening in Düsseldorf.
UNK: Bunch or rookies running things. Bound to be mistakes.
House : Kids play on the tracks, get electrocuted.
House : Before you know it, the trains are backed up all the way to Berlin
House : and you've got a bunch of angry Germans with nowhere to go.
House : And we all know that ain't good for the Jews.
Chase : Who are the Jews in this metaphor?
House : A few things can happen to a fetus in distress.
House : It can become a miscarriage, stillbirth,
UNK: a very sick baby or on rare occasion a time bomb
House : that kills mom while it's dying.
Chase : Good news is, we fix the fetus, mom gets better.
House : It's the diagnostic equivalent of a two-for-one sale.
UNK: I have read the outcome of mirror syndrome is almost always unfavorable.
UNK: "Unfavorable." Is that doctor speak for "dead baby"?
House : You think she'll be less upset if you phrase it nicely?
Chase : We can tell her the truth, that she'll be fine
Chase : as soon as we diagnose a person who weighs about one pound.
Chase : Can't touch it, can't ask where it hurts, can't see it.
House : If only there existed giant machines that could look through human skin.
House : Mirror syndrome has a limited number of known causes.
UNK: Tachyarrhythmia, fetal anemia, placental chorioangioma.
House : All of which are fixable.
House : Which would be un-unfavorable, right?
Foreman : Could also be trisomy 13.
UNK: Ebstein's anomaly, an aneurysm of Galen's vein.
House : And Dr. Storm Cloud rained all over the differential
House : and killed the beautiful little baby.
House : Heart's easiest to see, easiest to fix. So let's start there.
House : When you did Mom's MRI, did you get a look at the fetus's heart?
Chase : It was in the range but blurry. The fetus was moving all over the place.
House : So we need another scan. Yeah.
Foreman : We'll just ask the fetus to lie very, very still.
House : No need. I'm going to paralyze it.
UNK: You wanna paralyze Emma Sloan's baby?