Castle : You're in love with her.
Beckett : You crossed the line, Ann.
UNK: Don't pretend like we're so different.
Beckett : Let's talk abo ut Tyler Faris.
Hastings : Didn't you lose your mom?
Beckett : We're not here to discuss that.
Hastings : Didn't you shoot the guy who killed her right here in this precinct?
Hastings : The bullet that you took, isn't that connected to her murder, too?
Hastings : Because that's the rumor.
Beckett : I am not like you. I didn't chop a man in half.
Hastings : Neither did I.
Beckett : Yes, you did, and you've got Paul Whittaker so turned around over it,
Beckett : that he tried to confe ss to your murder.
Hastings : Paul? Why would he do that?
UNK: Damn it, I told him to leave town until I got this sorted out.
UNK: Well, you got it sorted out now.
Hastings : I did not kill Tyler Faris.
Hastings : I threw up my breakfast when I saw that body.
Beckett : You were in the alley with me, Ann.
Beckett : You took that piece from your suit.
Hastings : It wasn't from my suit.
Hastings : And the only reason I wanted it was to figure out who's behind this.
Beckett : Do you actually expect me to believe you?
Hastings : It's true.
Hastings : I saw that disk at the crime scene.
Hastings : I knew it wasn't mine.
Hastings : But before I could get it, I got sent off to canvass.
Hastings : So I came back for it. And, yes, I took it from you.
Beckett : And what did you do with it?
Hastings : I had a friend in the crime lab run it for prints.
Hastings : It came back with a partial, but it wasn't in the criminal database.
Hastings : Look, if you don't believe me, ask him. He still has it.
Beckett : So somebody else dressed up as Lone Vengeance and killed our victim?
Hastings : It's the only thing that makes sense.
Beckett : How does that make sense?
Hastings : Because it wasn't me!
Hastings : I came across something when I canvassed Matt's Bar,
Hastings : where Tyler Faris came from.
Hastings : He was a creature of habit.
Hastings : He drank there every night.
UNK: He'd always leave between 1 : 00 and 2 : 00
UNK: and take the back door to the alley.
Hastings : Usually with a girl.
Beckett : So you're saying that the killer knew Faris was gonna show up in that alley.
Beckett : Well, she didn't kill Tyler Faris.