Beckett : No, wait, I know, Annoying-Man.
Castle : Try billionaire industrialist Bruce Wayne, a.k.a. the Dark Knight.
Castle : He's brooding, he's handsome and he has all the coolest toys.
Beckett : Wow, digging deep on that one.
Castle : And did I mention what discerning taste they have here at Comicadia?
Gates : Mr. Castle?
UNK: Mike Hoover : And you're Kate Beckett, righ Mmm-hmm.t?
UNK: Mike Hoover. Sir, I am a huge fan. It is such an honor to meet you.
Castle : Oh, the honor is mine.
UNK: We just got your Derrick Storm graphic novel.
Mike : I mean, the art, the writing, it is, in a word, awesome.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Tell me, what's your favorite part?
Beckett : You don't have to answer that question.
Beckett : His ego does not need any more feeding.
Mike : Definitely where Derrick Storm escapes
Mike : from the two bad guys by crashing the...
UNK: Taxicab. ...taxicab.
Mike : Oh, I'm sorry, Detective Beckett. I should have said "spoiler alert."
UNK: Oh, no, that's okay, I won't be reading it.
Mike : Really? I saw your name on our list. You pre-ordered a copy.
Castle : Did she now?
Beckett : I was just being supportive.
Beckett : Anyway, we're not here about that.
Beckett : We need to ask you a few questions.
Castle : Yes, we do. I don't suppose you know of any collectors of early Iron Man.
Mike : I'm sorry, Mr. Castle. I can't share customer information.
Beckett : Mike, do you recognize this man?
Beckett : Uh, no. He doesn't look familiar.
Castle : What about this one?
Mike : Yeah, him I know.
Tyler : You do? Yeah.
UNK: Really? Yeah.
Beckett : The sword, the suit... That's our vigilante.
Castle : Lone Vengeance.
UNK: That explains the "L" he carved into Tony Valtini's backside,
UNK: but Sword of Lone Vengeance? How come I've never seen this?
Mike : Oh, it's online only.
Mike : It's kind of fringe, but it has a following.
Mike : A guy named Sean Elt writes it.
Beckett : Looks like you put more thought into the killer's costume
Beckett : than he did, Castle.
Beckett : It's a direct copy out of the comic book.
Castle : I've seen that before.
Beckett : The knuckle plates? Where?
Castle : On the ground, at the crime scene. I thought it was a button.
Castle : But this is it, that's what it was. It fell off of his suit.
Castle : If we can find that, if it's still there,
Castle : it could lead us to the killer.
RYAN : Uniforms widened their canvass.
Ryan : Still can't find anyone who knows our mystery man.
UNK: Yeah, whoever he is, I can't connect him to any swords either.
Esposito : I pray we nail this dude,
Esposito : before I have to call every store on that list.
Ryan : I thought you were kind of rooting for this guy.
Esposito : That's when he was Joe Citizen, taking it to the bad guys.
Esposito : Now he's just some nimrod in a suit.
UNK: Mmm. You gotta give him props for spirit, though, right?
Ryan : I mean, haven't you ever wanted to be a superhero?
Ryan : Going out there, prowling the city, knocking some heads?
Esposito : I do that now. Yeah, I'm still here.
Esposito : You did? When?
UNK: I'll be right there.
UNK: Jake's Pawnshop sold a samurai sword to some guy two hours ago.
Esposito : They say he matches our photo of our mystery man.
Ryan : Maybe he's replacing the o he broke off in Tyler Faris.
Castle : It was here. I know it was here.
Beckett : Well, maybe somebody picked it up, or maybe it was a button.