Chad : Those were dark days.
Chad : I was about ready to hang up my tights for good.
Chad : Then I decided to seek out Lone Vengeance's counsel.
Castle : What did he say?
Chad : To stay the hell away from him.
UNK: But that only steeled my resolve.
Chad : I mean, I made this costume, I got a sword.
Chad : I was about to go out on patrol when you guys busted in.
UNK: How do you find him?
Chad : I heard that Lone Vengeanc frequented Lower Manhattan.
Chad : I roamed the streets, night after night, looking for him.
Chad : I finally ran into him near Beekman and Theatre Alley.
Chad : I want to be his disciple.
Chad : Maybe his partner.
Chad : It's my destiny.
Castle : He doesn't want a partner.
Chad : How do you know?
Castle : Lone Vengeance.
UNK: Lone.
Gates : What do you mean, you can't make a case against him?
Gates : He's wearing the same suit.
Beckett : Yeah, well, apparently, he's not the only one.
Beckett : Chad Hockney was in his apartment
Beckett : making that suit the night of the murder.
Beckett : In fact, neighbors were complaining
Beckett : about the noise from the sewing machine.
Gates : I told the mayor we had our man.
Beckett : Yeah, well, you shouldn't have done that.
Gates : Perhaps what I shouldn't have done was place my faith in you, Detective.
Beckett : Guys, where are we on the motorcycle?
Esposito : Checking registrations on silver Kawasakis.
Ryan : We're also canvassing around Beekman
Ryan : for other sightings of Lone Vengeance.
UNK: Okay, let's put in a court order for the names of all of the people
UNK: who downloaded the Lone Vengeancecomics.
Castle : One of them might be our murderer.
Castle : To the untrained eye,
Castle : this might look like a grown man reading comic books, but...
Alexis : I've been thinking about this, Dad.
Alexis : I think you should be happy for me.
Martha : I am.
UNK: I am. I'm just gonna miss you, that's all.
Alexis : Me, too. But this is what I want.
Castle : Come. Tell me about your classes.
Castle : What will you be taking in January?
Alexis : Intro to Statistics, Microeconomic Theory.
Alexis : The Economic Theory of the Islamic Middle East.
Castle : Isn't Ashley an economics major?
Castle : Are you just taking his classes?
UNK: This way we can spend more time together.
Alexis : What's wrong with that?
Castle : To quote Spider-Man,
Castle : "With great power comes great responsibility."
Castle : Not a lot of people get a chance to go to a school like this.
Castle : You need to think about your dreams, and what you want.