Gates : He's clearly delusional or psychotic.
Beckett : Yes, sir.
UNK: Keep me apprised, Detective.
UNK: Yes.
Castle : Don't waste your time on Bellevue.
Beckett : You were eavesdropping?
Castle : Can I help it if I have superhuman, Daredevil-like hearing?
Castle : Our killer is not crazy.
Beckett : He cut a man in two,
Beckett : and he's running around wearing a superhero suit.
Castle : I know costumes. That one is not commercial.
Castle : He probably designed it himself,
Castle : which means he's highly functional.
Ryan : You know what I would love right now,
UNK: is if somebody would come here and give me a theory
Beckett : that would actually help me solve this case.
Castle : I've got one.
Castle : Every superhero has a persona,
UNK: a mission, origin story.
Castle : Learning who he is as a hero, what drives him,
Castle : that will lead us to the man behind the mask.
Beckett : Castle, what good is comic book mythology
Beckett : when our killer is not a superhero?
Castle : What if he is a superhero?
Castle : Like this one, who operates out of Queens.
UNK: Meet the Red Marune.
UNK: Red Marune? Isn't that redundant?
UNK: Don't worry, ma'am, Red Marune, protector of all, beholden to none.
UNK: Sir, this is clearly not your purse.
UNK: I demand that you unhand it.
UNK: Ma'am, are you all right?
UNK: Ow! Ahh!
Beckett : Wow. Impressive crime fighting skills.
Martha : What do you think? Mutant powers or years of training?
Castle : Yes, well, sometimes the runner stumbles.
Castle : The point is, there is a subculture of real-life superheroes
Castle : that actually exists out there.
Castle : People crusading for the public good.
Beckett : Yes, and usually, they get their asses kicked, just like this guy.
Castle : I think our vigilante is one of them.
Beckett : Castle, if he's a crusader for the public good,
Beckett : then why did he partition Tyler Faris?
Castle : Because, tragically, his pursuit of justice
UNK: has led him down the path of the dark side.
Castle : That is a fate that has befallen many a hero.
UNK: Cheers. Thank you.
UNK: Trust me, I am onto something with this superhero angle.
UNK: My Spidey-senses are tingling.
Esposito : What's with him?
Beckett : Something about Spidey-senses and tingling.
Beckett : Photos from the alley?
Esposito : We may have a suspect.
Esposito : Tech says that, that guy matches
Esposito : the height and build of the guy in the suit.
Esposito : Not only that, when he saw the cops taking his pictures, he ran.
Beckett : All right, have uniforms circulate his photo. I want to know his name.
Beckett : All right.
Ryan : You know, Castle might be right about this guy being a superhero.
Ryan : I talked to a buddy of mine in Narcotics.
Ryan : He said he heard rumors about a guy on the streets
Ryan : rousting drug dealers and dumping their stashes.
Ryan : A masked man with a sword.
Ryan : Yes, it is a samurai sword.
Ryan : So we're checking specialty stores and martial arts suppliers.
Beckett : And what about the costume?
Ryan : Not available in any stores. Just like Castle said.
Castle : Speaking of costumes, I know who the killer is.
Castle : Behold. A photo of our masked vigilante
Castle : juxtaposed with issues from my own Marvel collection.
Beckett : You have Avengers #1?
Castle : And there's more where that came from.
Castle : You're welcome to peruse my issues any time.
Castle : Please note how the killer has drawn inspiration
Castle : from costumes of other superheroes.
Castle : For example, the color scheme evokes Spider-Man.
Castle : The horned helmet, obviously an homage to Daredevil.
Castle : The sword and scabbard, Deadpool.
UNK: A high collar, just like Black Panther.
Castle : Now, what do these characters all have in common?
UNK: They're make-believe.
Beckett : They're driven by the death of a father figure or loved one.
UNK: Exactly.
Castle : I believe that our killer shares a similar backstory,
Castle : which is why he's been inspired by these characters' costumes.
UNK: Furthermore, out of costume,
Castle : these heroes tend to be unassuming.
UNK: So let's add mild-mannered to our profile.
Gates : Mr. Castle, so this is you working a homicide.
UNK: A superhero who's mild-mannered and someone killed his parents?
Gates : Isn't that all of them?
Gates : How can any of this produce even one useful conclusion?
Castle : Let me direct your attention to the golden belt
Castle : worn by our masked vigilante.
Castle : Based on the golden belt worn by Iron Man
UNK: in only 11 original issues in 1963.
Gates : Which proves what, exactly?
Castle : Our killer collected comic books.
Castle : Which means there is one place in this city he would definitely go.
Ryan : You know, Castle, you might wanna tone down the theories
Beckett : until Gates warms up to you.
Castle : Oh, I plan to melt Captain Permafrost by solving this case.