Chad : How do you know? I just...
Tony : I know.
Castle : Well, if she didn't do it and Chad Hockney didn't do it,
Castle : then we're looking at a third Lone Vengeance.
Castle : A clever imposter.
Beckett : Okay. So, let's suppose that our killer is an imposter.
Beckett : That would mean th at
Beckett : he targeted Tyler Faris and wore a costume
Beckett : either to make sure that nobody could identify him...
Castle : Or to make sure he would be identified
Castle : and frame Lone Vengeance for the murder.
Beckett : And Tyler Faris was the perfect victim.
Castle : Yeah, he shows up in a dark alley like clockwork.
UNK: He even brings his own witness.
UNK: Okay, so, then, maybe our killer was a criminal
Beckett : who wanted Lone Vengeance off the streets.
Castle : Criminal who wanted vengeance against Lone Vengeance
Beckett : and Tyler Faris.
Beckett : Someone who knew Tyler and his habits.
Castle : Someone who had experience wielding a blade.
Beckett : Someone who pointed us to Lone Vengeance in the first place.
Tony : You think I killed Tyler Faris?
UNK: Come on. You're dreaming.
Beckett : We know you wanted Lone Vengeance off the streets.
Beckett : He was costing you money.
Beckett : We read the comics.
Beckett : Lone Vengeance was shaking down your dealers, burning your trucks.
Beckett : So when Faris thought that
Beckett : he figured out Lone Vengeance's true identity,
Beckett : he knew you'd pay top dollar for it.
Tony : All right, even if this were true, which it's not,
UNK: I got no motive for murder.
UNK: You had to be asking yourself,
Castle : all these times Lone Vengeance was harassing your people,
Castle : how did he know where to go?
Castle : Who was tipping him off?
BECKETT : It had to have been someone from the inside.
Beckett : Someone with an ax to grind.
Beckett : Someone just like Tyler Faris.
CASTLE : So, you figured, why not kill two birds with one stone.
Castle : Get rid of Faris and hang the murder on Lone Vengeance.
Tony : And that's it?
UNK: That's all you got?
UNK: LAUGHING
Tony : You guys call yourselves cops?
UNK: You ought to be embarrassed.
UNK: Here's your problem,
Tony : you got no proof.
BECKETT : Actually, we do.
UNK: It's from your outfit.
Beckett : We matched the partial print to your cousin, Ernesto.
CASTLE : The tailor.
Castle : I've heard great things about his custom-made shirts.
Castle : But he also confessed to making a Lone Vengeance outfit for you.
Tony : I want a lawyer.
Beckett : And you will need one.
Beckett : Those are your personal effects.
Beckett : You probably want to make sure everything's there.
Hastings : Thanks, Detective Beckett.
Beckett : Ann, you're a good cop.