Beckett : He told someone that his ship was coming in. What does that mean?
UNK: Mrs Faris : His ship was always coming in. That was Tyler.
UNK: Mrs Faris : Always working an angle.
Beckett : Ma'am, I'll need the names of all the enemies your son may have had.
UNK: Mrs Faris : You're gonna need a bigger pad.
Ryan : Larceny, assault, fraud. You name it, Tyler Far is has done it.
Ryan : Still, nobody deserves ending up like that.
Esposito : He got what was coming to him.
Ryan : Dude, that's for the criminal justice system to decide.
Esposito : Maybe a sword is a justice system.
Ryan : Yeah, if you're Quentin Tarantino, maybe.
Esposito : He made lots of calls to an untraceable burner phone in the past six months.
Esposito : Behavior consistent with a criminal dirtbag.
Esposito : Check this out.
Esposito : Tyler Faris got into an altercation at a bodega three days ago.
Esposito : He was gone by the time the cops showed up,
Esposito : but the shopkeeper says that he was
Esposito : fighting with some other guy over money.
Ryan : This other guy have a name?
Esposito : Yeah. Tony Valtini. This guy's got a record, too.
Ryan : Damn right, he does.
Ryan : I remember Valtini from back in Narcotics.
Ryan : Guy is totally mobbed up.
Ryan : You know what else?
UNK: His family owns this meat-packing plant out in Jersey.
Ryan : Tony's nickname, Tony the Butcher.
UNK: I bet he's split a few sides of beef in his day.
TONY : Yeah, I had words with Faris.
Tony : He used to work for me at Tony Valtini Enterprises.
Beckett : Which division? Drug sales or distribution of stolen property?
Tony : I am a legitimate businessman.
Tony : Faris sucked at his job, so I canned him.
Tony : He thought I owed him back pay.
UNK: We settled it like gentlemen.
UNK: Hey, you don't believe me, go ask him.
Castle : We'd have to hold a seance.
Tony : He's dead?
Castle : Let's just say Tyler Faris
Castle : is half the man he used to be.
Castle : A man divided?
Castle : Split personality? Really, nothing?
Beckett : He was cleaved. In two. With a sword.
Lanie : A sword?
UNK: Much like the long knives used at a meat-packing plant.
Tony : Oh, hey, it wasn't me! I had nothing to do with it,
Tony : but I know who did.
Tony : It was that guy.
Tony : That nut-job vigilante who attacked me.
Beckett : You never reported an attack.
Tony : I don't like to be a burden on law enforcement.
Tony : Bottom line is, I'm leaving my warehouse one night, two weeks ago.
Tony : All of a sudden, here comes this guy with a sword.
Tony : He accuses me of criminal conduct, unjustly, by the way.
Tony : Then he threatens to kill if I don't leave town.
Lanie : And then, you know what he does then?
Beckett : What does he do then?
Tony : He cuts me. Look at this.
UNK: You see that? See that scar there?
UNK: Looks like an "L."
Beckett : Mr. Valtini, could you please put your pants back on?
Tony : He did that to me!
Tony : He did that, with his sword, to me. Okay?
Beckett : What did this man look like?
UNK: You wouldn't even believe me if I told you.
UNK: Okay? But I got cameras in my warehouse.
Tony : When he ran off, I caught him on video.