Castle : Mother, prepare to feast on the finest omelet in the land
Castle : before you join the convent.
Martha : No, I am making costumes for my Shakespeare class.
Martha : So, what do you think?
Castle : I seem to remember asking you to make me an E.T. Halloween costume
Castle : and you told me you didn't know how to sew.
Martha : Details. Besides, you were 32 at the time.
Martha : The point is, proper wardrobe helps an actor connect to the words.
Castle : So, Lady Macbeth, I presume?
UNK: Desdemona.
UNK: Oh, Desdemona.
ALEXIS : Yeah, me, too. No, you hang up first.
Alexis : No, you. It's your turn.
Alexis : Stanford sounds so amazing. I can't wait for January.
UNK: January? When I leave. For Stanford.
UNK: What?
Martha : Alexis applied for spring admission. You remember.
Castle : Yeah, I just thought...
Castle : Well, you haven't talked about it for a long time, so I thought...
Alexis : Because every time I did, I saw the look on your face.
Alexis : That look, right there.
UNK: No... Honey, it's just that Stanford is a big decision.
Castle : I mean, you should think it over.
Alexis : I did, and there's no downside. It's a great university.
Alexis : Ashley's there. I mean, I'll have enough credits to graduate early.
Castle : Yeah, but don't you want to finish off senior year with your friends?
Castle : Right? And prom? Don't you want to go to prom?
Alexis : Ashley just gave me his password
Alexis : so I can go check out his classes online.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGS
Martha : Lady Beckett, My Lord.
Martha : Richard, are you crying?
Castle : No, it's the onions.
UNK: Okay, I'll admit, it wasn't just the onions, not completely.
UNK: I mean, she's gonna be gone in a few months, my little girl.
Beckett : Yeah, but she's growing up, Castle,
UNK: and she's going to a great school.
UNK: That's what you want, isn't it?
Castle : Yes, I'm just not ready.
Beckett : Okay, well, she is. So you two are just not on the same page.
Castle : So what do I d Let her go.o?
Beckett : Trust me, if you hold on too tight, you'll just drive her away.
REPORTER : Detective! Detective, Detective.
UNK: Paul Whittaker : What can you tell us about this homicide?
Beckett : Uh, no comment. Excuse me.
CASTLE : Wow. For a murder in an alley, really?
Beckett : Officer Hastings, what's this all about?
UNK: Officer Ann Hastings : You should see for yourself, Detective.
UNK: CAMERAS CLICKING
UNK: Oh! Yeah, tell me about it.
BECKETT : Uh, so he was...
UNK: Lanie Parish : Split right down the middl from the top of his head,
UNK: Lanie Parish : all the way down to his... EXCLAIMS
Lanie : Please, the guy was sliced in two.
Lanie : I'd say his unit is the least of his problems.
Castle : Then you do not understand the sacred bond between a man and his unit.
Beckett : Okay, so what was the murder weapon, guillotine?
UNK: A sword. The tip broke off in the body.
Lanie : Blood spatter indicates that the killer first lopped off the victim's hand,
Lanie : then took the big swing.
UNK: Single-edged blade, some kind of saber.
UNK: Man, a sword. That is so Game of Thrones.
BECKETT : Esposito, this looks like it might have been a ritual killing,
Beckett : so let's get photos of all the bystanders in case the killer came back.
ESPOSITO : On it. Meanwhile, vic's name is Tyler Faris,
Esposito : just got out of Sing Sing a year a go for sexual assault.
Beckett : Okay, we got any witnesses?
Esposito : Yeah. The girl he was in the middle of assaultin a Marie Marcado.
Marie : I met him last night at Matt's Bar, around the corner.
Marie : He seemed like a nice enough guy.
UNK: Talking all big about his ship coming in.
Marie : Anyway, it got late, I left with him.
Marie : But that's when he started getting all super aggressive.
Marie : I took off running. He caught me.
Marie : I mean, God knows what he would've done if...
Castle : If Conan the Barbarian hadn't shown up?
Beckett : What did the killer look like?
Marie : It was so dark, I didn't really get to see his face.
Beckett : You didn't catch anything? Ethnicity? Age? Weight? Height?
Beckett : She's holding out on us.
UNK: Well, Conan probab ly saved her life.
Castle : She doesn't want to throw him under the bus.
Castle : Or under a Ben-Hurstyle chariot.
Beckett : Yeah, but she saw the killer.
Beckett : Isn't she afraid for her life?
Castle : She probably knows he wasn't after her.
UNK: A career felon smited in two?
Castle : It's very Old Testament.
Castle : This plays like a vigilante killing.
Castle : Think Dirty Harry, with a sword.
Beckett : Who just happens to be in the alley when Faris is committing a felony.
UNK: The timing is a little suspicious.
Beckett : The killer probably followed him from the bar.
Castle : With a sword?
UNK: Touche.
Beckett : Let's talk to the next of kin.
UNK: Mrs. Faris, we're very sor ry for your loss.
UNK: Mrs Faris : Don't sweat it.
Beckett : Pardon me?
UNK: Mrs Faris : These things can happen.
Castle : Not in this century, they don't.
UNK: Oh, don't get me wrong.
UNK: Mrs Faris : I never expected my boy to end up in two hunks,
UNK: but I always knew one day he'd end up there, laying on a slab.
UNK: And why is that?
UNK: Mrs Faris : Because Tyler was a no-good loser.
UNK: Mrs Faris : He made one dumb-ass mistake after the next.
Castle : I see. Do you know if he was involved in anything
UNK: that might have gotten him killed?
UNK: Mrs Faris : Well, I certainly expect so.