UNK: I found two more real-life incidents that wound up as storylines.
Esposito : Lone Vengeance shook down a drug dealer,
Esposito : and here, he set a truck full of flat screens on fire.
BECKETT : Okay, pull up the two police reports.
UNK: Let's see if they have anything in common.
Esposito : I'm on it. Thanks.
Castle : Something doesn't add up.
Castle : Lone Vengeance stamps out crime,
Castle : both in the comics and in real life.
UNK: He's into this vigilante-style ass-kicking.
Castle : Or in Tony's case,
UNK: ass-carving. But, never murder.
Castle : So why would he sudden ly kill Tyler Faris?
Castle : And why in such a brutal way?
UNK: Sword of Lone Vengeance : This Time It's Personal?
Castle : That has to be it. Tyler Faris must have known Sean Elt.
UNK: He didn't, as best I recall. I never heard of no Sean Elt.
Beckett : Did your son ever hang out with the comic book crowd?
Beckett : Was he into comics?
UNK: Mrs Faris : Just those slutty schoolgirl ones.
UNK: Mrs Faris : Oh, but lately he'd gotten all into...
UNK: Mrs Faris : What was it?
Castle : Sword of Lone Vengeance.
Beckett : Did he ever mention the writer of that comic?
Beckett : Was he hanging out with anyone out of the ordinary lately?
UNK: Somebody mild-mannered perhaps?
UNK: Mrs Faris : Actually, I saw him talking on the stoop to a guy a few days back.
UNK: Mrs Faris : He was different. Wore a suit.
Castle : As in mask and cape?
UNK: Mrs Faris : Jacket and tie. I overheard Tyler saying,
UNK: Mrs Faris : "I know the truth. I know who you really are."
Martha : Do you think you could describe him?
UNK: Uh, fair-haired, young-ish, with a beard.
UNK: Oh, and he wore one of them plastic ID cards. A green one.
UNK: Fair-hair with a beard.
Beckett : A green press badge.
BOTH : The reporter from the crime scene.
Ryan : Our suspect is one Paul Whittaker.
Ryan : Former graphic artist
Ryan : who works the crime be at for the New York Ledger.
UNK: He's also a no-show at work, and he's not at home, either.
Ryan : We put out an APB and we flagged his credit cards.
CASTLE : Actually, it makes perfect sense. As a crime reporter,
Castle : Paul would see first-hand how
Castle : lawlessness would ravage a community.
Castle : Compelled to do more than just write about it,
Castle : he would don a mask and form-fitting tights
Castle : to become Lone Vengeance.
Ryan : But his plan to purge the streets hit a snag
Ryan : when Tyler Faris threatened to reve al his secret identity,
Ryan : causing Lone Vengeance to cut him down in a single fearsome blow.
UNK: What?
Castle : The student has become the master.
Castle : Or at least, he tried.
Castle : Actually, for a truly Castle-esque theory,
Castle : it has to be fully thought-through.
Beckett : Since when? I did think it through.
Castle : Really? Then how did Tyler Faris know
Castle : that Paul Whittaker was Lone Vengeance?
UNK: I've got that one. I just got off with the Ledger.
Esposito : Turns out that our reporter, Paul Whittaker,
Esposito : has a burner cell phone that he uses to talk to confidential sources.
Esposito : It's the same number that Tyler Faris made calls to.
Castle : So Faris was a source or a paid informant.
Castle : So that's how they knew each other.
UNK: And so maybe
Ryan : Faris was tipping off Paul about crimes going down in the neighborhood,
Ryan : but Lone Vengeance kept showing up instead.
UNK: And that is how Faris found out that Lone Vengeance was actually Paul.
Castle : He confronted Paul, threatened to expose him...
Beckett : So Paul Whittaker killed him to hide his identity
Beckett : as a half-assed superhero?
UNK: PHONE RINGS
UNK: Beckett.
Castle : Actually, it's perfect superhero psychology.
Castle : It's symbiosis.
Castle : See, Lone Vengeance is a part of Paul Whittaker.
Castle : Yin and yang. One can't exist without the other.
BECKETT : Okay, seal off the area.
Beckett : Paul Whittaker just maxed out his ATM at Seventy-First and Seventh.
Castle : Hmm, that is one block away from Comicadia.
UNK: Mmm. Mmm.
Mike : Two grand for all this?
UNK: Man, you got a Hulk181 here. That alone is worth, like...
Paul : I just need the money.
Paul : In cash.
Paul : Look, I'm in a bit of a hurry here, so...
BECKETT : Really?
Beckett : Where are you off to, Mr. Whittaker?
Castle : Or should we say, Lone Vengeance?
UNK: Really? Our killer is a writer?
Castle : Well, writers can be men of action.
Gates : I've yet to see that, Mr. Castle.
Gates : So he's a journalist, like Peter Parker.
Beckett : Actually, Peter Parker was a news photographer.
UNK: Yeah, our guy's a little more like Clark Kent.
UNK: And he's mild-mannered, just like I predicted.
Gates : Detective, I'd like to call the mayor,
Gates : let him know that we caught our killer.
Gates : Try to get a confession this time.
Beckett : Yes, sir.
Beckett : I think she's warming up to you. Mmm.
Beckett : We're searching your apartment now, Paul.
Beckett : We found this artwork there.
Beckett : We know you were behind Sword of Lone Vengeance.
UNK: Well, there's no law against that, is there?
Castle : Except you took it a lot farther than just making a comic book.
Beckett : It's only a matter of time before we find the suit and the murder weapon.
Paul : Lone Vengeance stands for all that is good and virtuous.
Paul : An army of one at war against crime, a defender of the innocent.
UNK: CLEARS THROAT But it's just a character I created,
Paul : it's not someone real.
Beckett : According to this, you were mugged last year,
Beckett : outside an abandoned tenement building.
UNK: Well, it's New York. People get mugged.
Beckett : Only, the mugger got the worst of it.
Beckett : You ended up with a few stitches,
Beckett : the mugger ended up in the hospital.
Beckett : And cops say that you were non-compliant.
Castle : There's a critical moment in the arc of every superhero.
Castle : An awakening that transforms him,
Castle : that drives him to embrace his destiny.
Castle : For you, the mugging was that moment.
Marie : That's when Lone Vengeance was born.
Beckett : And then you used the Sword of Lone Vengeance
Beckett : as your comic book diary.
Beckett : We know you killed Tyler Faris, Paul.
Beckett : Your life is over. Both of your lives.
Beckett : You're going to prison.
Beckett : What do you think those cons are gonna do when they find out
Beckett : that you ran around in tights?
Beckett : If you help us,
Beckett : if you confess,
Beckett : I will keep you safe. I will get you placed
Beckett : in segregated housing.
Beckett : Now, that is a good deal, Paul. I would take it if I were you.
Paul : Okay. Okay, okay.
Castle : It's me. I'm Lone Vengeance.
Beckett : And Tyler Faris found out.
Paul : Yeah, he threatened to expose me, so I killed him.
UNK: I'm gonna need you to write that down, Paul.
UNK: You said Lone Vengeance stands for all that is good.
UNK: So he has a code.
UNK: So killing someone, even someone like Tyler Faris,
UNK: violated that code.
UNK: In a typical superhero, that would trigger a crisis of faith.
UNK: You must have been conflicted.
UNK: How did you feel when you killed Tyler Faris?
UNK: Well, I felt bad. I felt really bad.
Beckett : Paul, why did you chop off Tyler's hand after you killed him?
Chad : I don't know, I just did.