House : You want yours extra crispy or original recipe?
UNK: Chickens!
Masters : You ever get sick from poultry?
UNK: Um...
Kendall : A few months ago,
Kendall : from this pheasant-in-a-can my dad got me as a joke.
Kendall : You think that's why I'm sick?
Masters : I think that can was chock-full of a bacteria called salmonella enteritis.
Masters : Likes to hang out in the bones.
Masters : Let me know if any of this is tender or painful.
Kendall : This bacteria thing, is this good news or bad?
Masters : Well, if I'm right, that means all you'll need are antibiotics
Masters : and you'll be, well, shipshape.
Masters : Sorry, couldn't resist.
Masters : Did you always know that sailing was it for you,
Masters : that it was the right thing?
Kendall : Didn't even start till I was 10.
Kendall : And at first, I was not a fan.
Kendall : Certainly there's plenty not to like about sailing.
Masters : But now that you're so into it...
Kendall : Oh, no, there's still plenty of things I hate about it.
Kendall : I hate being wet, I hate being cold,
Kendall : I hate eating nothing but freeze-dried food.
UNK: That's quite the endorsement.
Kendall : Sailing is amazing but it doesn't mean
Kendall : I love every second on the boat.
Kendall : Doing what you love means dealing with things you don't.
Kendall : If there were nothing to overcome, it might not be that...
UNK: Ow!
UNK: Salmonella enteritis is a nice catch.
Masters : - Thanks. - Starting on the soft tissue windows.
Chase : Once this case is over, you going back to surgery?
Masters : That's the plan.
Chase : I think that's a mistake.
Chase : I think you should go back to surgery.
Masters : I just said I was.
Chase : No, you said it was your plan.
Masters : Which means House might be right
Chase : and you might be lying to yourself.
Masters : Would it be so terrible?
Masters : You chose House over surgery.
UNK: And my time here changed me in ways
UNK: that not everyone in my life thought was for the better.
Chase : No masses. Moving on to bone windows.
Masters : Are those people right?
Chase : I think when you do change, it's not so simple to go back.
UNK: There.
Chase : In the humerus.
Masters : Doesn't look like an infection.
Chase : That's because it looks like cancer.
UNK: You have a lymphoid sarcoma. A cancer in the bone in your arm.
Kendall : Am I going to be okay?
Masters : It's a treatable cancer.
Masters : But part of that treatment involves amputating your arm.
House : I'm sorry.
Kendall : There's nothing else?
UNK: Um...
Masters : We can do chemo and radiation, after the amputation.
Kendall : I don't mean after, I mean, instead of.
Kendall : If I leave soon, I still have time to break the record.
Bobby : Honey, you can't be serious.
Kendall : I feel fine.
Kendall : Last night, they thought it was an infection.
Masters : We know it's cancer. We ran the biopsy three times.
Kendall : You don't know how fast... Postponing the surgery
Masters : could increase the likelihood that the cancer will spread.
Paige : Kendall, you need to think about what the doctor's saying.
UNK: I'm thinking about this sail,
UNK: like I have since I was 10. Don't take this away from me.
Kendall : It's just a month, I can take extra precautions.
Kendall : I'll Skype you every day. And I can fly back if something goes wrong.