Masters : Isn't that House's chicken?
Wilson : Disgusting beasts. I don't know why I ever agreed to this bet.
Masters : So call it off.
Wilson : And lose $20?
UNK: Listen.
Wilson : House was in the exact same situation Kendall's in.
Wilson : He needed surgery but he didn't want it.
Wilson : Once he was in a medically-induced coma,
Wilson : his girlfriend signed the consent form as his proxy.
Wilson : They went ahead with the surgery against his will.
Wilson : Probably saved his life.
Masters : So, she did the right thing?
Wilson : Depends on who you ask.
UNK: Fetch!
Thirteen : No! No!
Guard : Excuse me!
Guard : Who's responsible for this chicken?
Guard : Does anyone know who owns the chicken?
Wilson : That bird belongs to Dr. Gregory House.
UNK: You need to do the surgery.
Thirteen : I will. Now.
Kendall : We've been through this. I'm leaving today.
Masters : It's a stupid record.
Kendall : It's not about the record.
Kendall : I used to race against other people.
Kendall : I could have the slowest boat in the fleet and I'd win.
Masters : So it's about being better than everyone else?
Kendall : It has nothing to do with anybody, except me.
Kendall : The other racers would think I was crazy.
Kendall : I'd set off on some tacking angle that made no sense to them
Kendall : because they couldn't see what I saw.
Kendall : I could sense the changes in the wind before they even happened.
Kendall : At the top of the game, you play by different rules.
Masters : Medicine's gonna burn a little bit.
Foreman : - Bradycardic arrest. Third-degree heart block.
UNK: Likely a paraneoplastic syndrome.
UNK: Need to get her to the OR for a pacemaker and plasmapheresis.
Paige : What's going on?
Masters : The cancer is causing her heart to slow down.
Masters : We have to get her to the OR and treat her.
Masters : This is what I was worried about.
Masters : If this had happened at sea, she would be dead.
Paige : Oh, my God!
Masters : We need you to sign the consent form,
Masters : authorize us to amputate her arm.