House : just get you your medical license back.
House : Price you pay.
UNK: There's a chicken in your office.
House : No, there isn't.
Masters : You lied about rehab?
Thirteen : Oh, great. Relax.
House : She's completely honest but also completely boring. Watch this.
House : Don't tell anyone.
Masters : Of course not.
Masters : You did an LP? Why didn't you page me?
House : Oh, I'm sorry.
House : Did you want to do one of those? You should've spoken up.
House : You want the job or not?
Masters : Um... I... After careful consideration,
Masters : I have decided to accept your offer for an internship.
UNK: Great.
House : My department has a slightly different procedure log.
Masters : Uh, you forged the last one. I only did nine LPs.
House : Do you know how to do an LP?
Thirteen : Of course.
House : Do you know how to do nine LPs and say it was 10?
House : It's time to grow up.
UNK: Turn that in, the job is yours.
House : Stop staring blankly and go.
House : No doubt something horrible has just happened to our patient.
Thirteen : Her hand turned completely blue during the treadmill test.
Thirteen : We put her on vasodilators,
Thirteen : restored enough blood flow so she won't lose any fingers.
Foreman : Rules out adrenal insufficiency.
Foreman : Where's House? He said to meet him here.
Masters : His chicken's gone.
UNK: Probably on the balcony.
Masters : You knew he had a chicken?
Masters : - How come... - Down here!
House : Loss of consciousness plus she's slowly turning blue.
UNK: Have we ruled out magical gum?
Chase : Low cardiac output can cause both.
Chase : Patient possibly has cardiomyopathy,
Chase : possibly caused by mercury poisoning
Chase : from all the tuna fish she eats at sea.
Masters : Uh, why are you putting chicken footprints on the floor?
House : That clever bastard Wilson got hold of an Australorp.
UNK: Hello.
House : The quietest and calmest of all the chickens.
Taub : Damn him!
Taub : Mercury poisoning is out. Red blood cells have normal morphology.
Thirteen : Raynaud's. Vasospasm in the ulnar artery would explain the hand.
Foreman : But not the loss of consciousness.
UNK: Cerebral vasospasm explains both.
House : Cerebral vasospasm makes sense.
House : Take Thirteen, give the patient
House : a calcium channel blocker infusion
House : in the basilar artery.
UNK: Masters.
House : Thought you were gonna turn that in.
UNK: I'm a bit busy with my patient.
House : You're not busy now.
UNK: Masters.
Donovan : Still haven't turned in your log?
Donovan : Still haven't gotten my 10th LP.
Kendall : I was thinking. Maybe you should take House's internship.