Beckett : 537 West End Avenue.
CASTLE : Looks like Sam 's got a friend here in Manhattan.
UNK: Sam Siegel, 46 years old.
Esposito : Got his start in real estate development, then he went on
Esposito : to launch the Sapphire Coast Resort and Casino in 1999.
Castle : You don't come to be a casino owner without making enemies.
Castle : Look at Moe Greene in The Godfather.
ESPOSITO : And this guy seems to be a stand-up citizen.
Esposito : He has a foundation that gives money to charitie and public schools.
Castle : All right, check with the staff at the casino,
UNK: see if he had any meetings here in Manhattan.
Beckett : And find out what time he left Atlantic City.
UNK: Okay.
Castle : You know, if someone asked to meet me
Castle : at an abandoned warehouse in the dead of night, I'd pass.
Castle : I've written that scene enough times to know how it ends.
Ryan : Hey, that address that was on Siegel's GPS,
Ryan : turns out it's a building where his ex-wife, Rebecca, lives.
Beckett : How long have they been divorced?
UNK: About six months.
Castle : Recent enough for there to still be hard feelings.
UNK: Mmm. Well, according to the neighbors, very hard feelings.
UNK: There was a report of a loud argument last night,
UNK: and neighbors said they saw Siegel
UNK: leaving her place just after 8 : 30.
Castle : That's just before he was killed.
UNK: Rebecca Siegal : Yeah, we argued, but I didn't kill him.
CASTLE : Was it normal for him to come and see you after the divorce?
UNK: No.
Rebecca : In fact, I hadn't seen him in months.
Rebecca : We don't really get along anymore.
Beckett : What were the two of you fighting about?
UNK: Ms. Siegel?
Rebecca : He said he was in trouble.
Beckett : What kind of trouble He wouldn't say?
Rebecca : But he wanted me to sign over
Rebecca : an investment property that was still in both of our names.
Rebecca : A building here in Queens. Just a store and some apartments.
Rebecca : I don't know why, but he was very worked up about it.
Rebecca : He offered me $1.5 million for my share,
Rebecca : which is as much as the whole place was worth.
Rebecca : He said his life depended on it.
Castle : So this building,
Castle : he offered you full price of $1.5 million instead of half,
Castle : and you still said no?
Rebecca : I didn't know. I thought he was working an angle.
Rebecca : I told him I couldn't sign anything without my lawyer.
Beckett : And after Sam left your plac last night, what'd you do?
Rebecca : I was in my apartment for the rest of the evening.
Beckett : So the doorman confirms the ex-wife's story.
Beckett : She was in her apartment all night. DOOR OPENS
UNK: Detective Beckett, I just received a call from the Mayor of Atlantic City.
UNK: Mr. Siegel's death is front page news. They're asking about suspects.
Beckett : Yes, sir, so are we.
Gates : Well, how about the property he asked his ex to sign over to him,
Gates : anything on that?
UNK: Um...
Beckett : Just that the victim purchased it a year and a half ago
Beckett : and paid cash for the full amount.
Castle : Yeah, the real estate agent was surprised anyone bought it,
Castle : been on the market for quite a while.
Ryan : Just got off the phone with Sam Siegel's office.
Ryan : Apparently, he didn't leave Atlantic City alone last night.
Esposito : There was no indication of a passenger in his car.
UNK: Not a passenger, a driver.
UNK: Around 6 : 30, one of Sam's regular drivers, Ralph Marino,
UNK: picked him up in front of the casino and drove him to New York City.
UNK: And where is he no No one knows.w?
Ryan : He didn't show up for work today.
Castle : Which means he's either floating in the Hudson...
Beckett : Or he's involved.
Gates : Well, what do we know about Mr. Marino?
Ryan : Well, he's no boy scout, that's for sure.
Ryan : Background check shows felony racketeering and assault charges.
Gates : Put out an all points on Ralph Marino,
Gates : I'll have our brethren in Atlantic City do the same.
Gates : You boys head down to Atlantic City to Siegel's casino,
Gates : talk to Marino's friends and co-workers,
Gates : and see if any of them can shine some light on his whereabouts.
Gates : Meanwhile, Beckett, you run point from here.
Gates : Get unis canvassing for Marino
Gates : and figure out why in the hell Siegel was so desperate
UNK: to get control over that property in Queens.
Beckett : Yes, sir. Come on, Castle.
Castle : Oh, Captain Gates said the boys are going to Atlantic City.
Beckett : Yeah, I don't think she meant you.
UNK: Actually, that's my call.
Gates : You're with them.
Gates : Besides, Detective, I'm looking forward to seeing what you can do without him.
UNK: ELEVATOR DINGS
ESPOSITO : What are you doing?
CASTLE : What's it look like?
UNK: Do you think I was going to pass up a road trip
Castle : to the Boardwalk Empire,
Castle : the East Coast epicenter of dancing, gambling, showgirls and sin?
Ryan : You do realize we're going there to investigate a murder, don't you?
UNK: Gentlemen, if I've learned one thing,
Castle : it's to not let a little thing like murder
Castle : get in the way of having a good time.
UNK: And also, shotgun.