Castle : Who took her? Who was in the SUV?
UNK: SIGHS
Castle : I don't know. This wasn't supposed to happen.
UNK: Are you guys saying that
UNK: you accidentally stole $10 million from Charlie and Sam?
Daniel : No. We didn't steal it.
Daniel : We were using it as leverage.
Castle : To get Sam to hand over that building in Queens for her parents.
UNK: Yeah, but it's not why you think.
Daniel : Nadine and I started dating a few months ago. CHUCKLES
Daniel : We're in love.
Daniel : We wanted to start over, move somewhere,
Daniel : but Sam wouldn't let her go.
Ryan : They were an item?
UNK: No, only in his mind.
Daniel : She refused all of his advances, but he wouldn't stop.
Beckett : Why didn't she report him?
Daniel : Because this was his casino. Nobody would've taken her seriously.
Daniel : She tried to quit about a year ago.
Daniel : That's when he bought her parents' building,
Daniel : and threatened to evict them if she didn't sleep with him.
Daniel : I had to do something to stop him.
Castle : So you came up with a plan to hold the money hostage
Castle : until he turned ov er the deed?
Daniel : He was going to sign it over as a quitclaim,
UNK: and then I was going to transfer the money back.
Daniel : And then Nadine would be free.
Ryan : None of this explains who killed Sam.
UNK: SIGHS
Daniel : Something about the money made Sam panic.
Castle : What do you mean?
Daniel : When I called Sam to give him instructions about the deed,
Daniel : he told me I stole the wrong person's money.
Daniel : And he told me when they found out, we'd all be dead.
Castle : Who was he talking about?
Castle : I don't know.
UNK: DOOR OPENS
Esposito : Oh, hey, guys.
Esposito : We were just leaving.
Ryan : This isn't the ballroom.
UNK: MUSIC PLAYING
Alexis : Let me guess. Facebook?
UNK: Twitter. You might want to just leave this open, by the way.
UNK: There's like a whole bunch of people
UNK: lining up for the elevator downstairs.
UNK: Twitter?
UNK: EXCLAIMING
UNK: GIRLS WHOOPING
UNK: THUDDING
Alexis : Jules, this is a disaster.
Jules : Chill. It's just a party. Have some fun for once.
Alexis : Fun? I don't even know half these people!
Jules : Well, what about, um...
UNK: Brian?
Alexis : He has the IQ of a squirrel!
Alexis : Oh, God. My dad's gonna kill me.
Jules : Please, you have the coolest dad ever.
Jules : If he were to walk in right now, I bet he wouldn't care.
Alexis : You're right. He probably wouldn't care.
UNK: Problem is, I do.
UNK: MUSIC STOPS
UNK: KIDS GROANING
UNK: CLEARS THROAT Everybody, listen up.
Alexis : The party is over.
Alexis : Thanks for coming. Thanks for spilling.
Alexis : Thanks for telling every teenager with a pulse.
Alexis : Now everybody, out!
Esposito : Really? Really?
Esposito : If it wasn't illegal, I'd kick your ass.
Ryan : Wonder where they took Castle?
CHARLIE : You were told what would happen if you came back here.
Charlie : Now I'm not stupid enough to beat on cops.
Charlie : But you, on the other hand, are a different story.
Charlie : I want my money, Mr. Castle,
Charlie : so you better tell me everything you know.
Castle : I know it's not your money.
Charlie : Would you excuse us?