Beckett : So the boys checked security footage
Beckett : and they said that Charlie was on the casino floor the whole night.
UNK: He could've paid someone.
Beckett : Yeah, but why would he kill Sam before he got his money?
Beckett : And if Sam actually stole something,
Beckett : why wasn't he on a plane to Barbados?
Beckett : Why was he wasting his time coming up to New York?
Gates : And how is all this connecte to the property in Queens?
Beckett : I think we're missing something.
Beckett : There's some piece of the puzzle
Beckett : that'll help make all of Sam's seemingly random actions make sense.
Beckett : Actually, that's something that Castle's pretty good at.
Beckett : Taking a look at what we have and then helping to find that piece.
UNK: Mr. Castle likes to throw a whole lot of crazy theorie against the wall.
UNK: Real detectives don't have that luxury.
UNK: It's our job to look at the facts.
UNK: The bank report indicates that Sam moved the money at 9 : 47 a.m.
UNK: via electronic transfer on their website.
UNK: If we can find out who Sam talked to or met with right before that,
UNK: we could maybe figure out what's going on.
UNK: 9 : 47 Yes?
Beckett : Sam's assistant has him
Beckett : at a massage.
UNK: Yeah. Mr. Siegel had an hour session yesterday at 9 : 00.
UNK: Why?
Ryan : Well, we need to know if Sam made or received any phone calls
Ryan : or perhaps any visitors during his session?
Amber : No, he was very focused on the service.
UNK: Amber, we know he went online at 9 : 47.
UNK: We just need to know if he made contact
UNK: with anybody right before or right after?
Amber : I told you, he wasn't on the phone, and he wasn't online.
Castle : What with mobile devices being so small and slim,
Castle : perhaps he had it in his hand...
Amber : His hands were otherwise occupied.
UNK: CHUCKLING Oh, I get it.
Castle : That kind of massage.
UNK: So then, Sam didn't make the transfer.
Esposito : He didn't steal the money, somebody stole it from him.
Ryan : Amber, we need to know
UNK: if perhaps there's anything maybe unusual about the appointment?
Amber : The only thing that seemed odd
Amber : was that Nadine called that morning to confirm the appointment.
UNK: Nadine, the personal concierge?
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Ryan : And why was that unusual?
UNK: Mr. Siegel's assistant usually books the appointment.
Amber : This was the first time Nadine ever called.
Gates : Wait a minute, did you say her name was Nadine Espinoza?
Ryan : Yeah, the concierge. That name mean anything to you?
Gates : Uh, Espinoza is the last name
Gates : of one of the tenants in Sam's building in Queens.
Gates : Teresa and Juan.
Gates : They run the bodeg a on the ground floor,
Gates : and they have a daught er named Nadine.
Beckett : That's our connection.
Gates : Ryan, bring her in.
Beckett : Yes, sir.
Esposito : Nadine's supervisor said she left her office10 minutes ago,
Esposito : claimed she needed to go home sick.
Ryan : There's a chance we can catch her outside.
Esposito : Let's go.
Esposito : There she is.
UNK: TIRES SCREECH
UNK: SCREAMING No! No! Hey!
UNK: Help! Help!
Beckett : Hey! Hey!
Castle : We're not going to be seeing Carrot Top tonight, are we?
UNK: Yeah. So, honey,
Castle : it turns out I am going to be stuck here for the rest of the night.
Alexis : Well, is everything all right? DOORBELL BUZZING
UNK: Yeah, yeah, just the case just got a little complicated.
UNK: But I want you to have a great time tonight with your girlfriends.
Alexis : I will, if you promise to be safe.
Castle : Deal. Love you.
Alexis : Love you, too.
Alexis : Hey, Jules. Come on in.
Jules : I've got my fave "get over a breakup" snack.
UNK: And a kick-ass chick flick. Bridesmaids, of course.
UNK: Okay.
Alexis : The girls are on their way.
Alexis : And it turns out my dad's out of town,
Alexis : so we have the whole place to ourselves.
UNK: Cool.
Esposito : By the way, Mena said her boyfriend
UNK: might swing by and drop off her jacket.
Alexis : Isn't he friends with Bria from homeroom?
UNK: Hot as hell Brian? Yeah.
Jules : I think they're doing a bros' night at the movies.
Alexis : Maybe we can invite them over, too. All watch a movie here.
UNK: Brian? Yeah.
Jules : He's like a total jock. Completely the opposite of your type.
Castle : I know. He's so not Ashley.
UNK: I'll text Mena.
Esposito : So Beckett says plates on the SUV came back as stolen.