UNK: Come on, Gram's upstate, she's doing some spa retreat.
Castle : She'll be out of your hair, and I can make myself scarce.
Alexis : A few of my friends have been suggesting a girls' night.
Alexis : Maybe I'll call them.
UNK: No "maybe." You're going to call them,
Castle : and you're going to have a great time.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGS
Castle : And if that's the '80s,
Castle : tell them they can have Cosmo, but I'm keeping John Hughes.
Alexis : And if it's Beckett?
UNK: CAMERA CLICKING
Esposito : Thank you.
Castle : Oh, the Sapphire. In Atlantic City? I love that place.
Castle : All right, who's our victim? Is it a showgirl?
Castle : Some big money high-roller?
UNK: No, our victim is Sam Siegel co-owner of the Sapphire.
UNK: "Where you're always a winner."
Castle : Not always, by the looks of things.
LANIE : Guy cashed in his chips between 9 : 00 and 11 : 00.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Took a small calib er to the chest.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Muzzle flash burned his shir at the point of entry.
Beckett : Shooter was standing close. Mmm-hmm.
Lanie : Close enough to give him a bloody lip before pulling the trigger.
UNK: So, what's a guy like Siegel doing at an abandoned delivery dock
Castle : in New York City at that time of night?
UNK: Must've been something important enough
Beckett : for him to drive down from Atlantic City.
CASTLE : You know, the man owned a casino.
UNK: A guy like that, you'd think he'd have a driver.
UNK: Especially since he was expecting trouble. He came heavy.
Esposito : It's a .357 Magnum with all six still asleep in the cylinder.
RYAN : He didn't even pull it out of the glove box.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : If he did, we'd be standing over the other guy.
UNK: QUOTING SONG LYRICS
Lanie : Detective Esposito, a little respect, please.
Lanie : I mean, there is a dead body here.
Esposito : What'd I do?
Castle : You broke up with her.
Esposito : We broke up with each othe That's different.
CASTLE : Yeah, you would think it would be different.
Castle : But, no. Will you tell him?
Beckett : No, I told you, I'm staying out of this one.
Beckett : All right, guys, call the Sapphire,
UNK: get some background on Siegel and look for surveillance cameras
Beckett : or security guards that might have seen something.
Esposito : Women. You sure you want to spend the rest of your life with one?
Ryan : Uh, yeah, mine likes me.
UNK: CHUCKLING Oh, speaking of Atlantic City,
Castle : perfect place for a bachelor party.
ESPOSITO : Ooh, that's what I'm talking about, bro.
Esposito : We could rent one of these right here,
Esposito : hit the casino, maybe the club...
Ryan : I was thinking more along the lines of camping trip.
UNK: LAUGHING
UNK: Oh, you were... Oh.
Esposito : First of all, no. Second, it's not up to you.
Esposito : The bachelor party is strictly best man territory,
Esposito : and by the way, your big date, is what, like, two months away?
Esposito : So you need to officially tell the guy
Esposito : so that he can start planning something.
Ryan : I still got some time.
UNK: I'm gonna go check on those cameras.
Esposito : What the...
Esposito : Did you see that?
Esposito : He just sidestepped me. What's that about?
Castle : It's almost as though the thought of marriage
Castle : fills him with an impending sense of doom.
UNK: LAUGHING Wait, that's me.
UNK: MAN TALKING ON POLICE RADIO
UNK: CAMERA CLICKING
Castle : Nav system?
UNK: Yeah, and it looks like Siegel made a stop just before he got here.