Beckett : nothing turned up on the canvass.
Gates : What about the building in Queens?
Beckett : Well, online search shows that there's no liens or lawsuits,
Beckett : so there doesn't seem to be anything unusual about it.
Gates : Keep digging.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Gates : Look, Detective,
Gates : I know you're probably thinking that I have you here
Gates : as some kind of punishment.
Gates : You're a good cop,
UNK: but I think you can be bette if you minimize the distractions.
UNK: Charlie Turner : Hell of a thing, losing Sam.
UNK: Charlie Turner : You know, he and I started out in this business together?
UNK: Charlie Turner : We built this place from the ground up.
Esposito : Do you have any idea what Sam was doing in New York?
Charlie : Wasn't like him. He hated the city.
Charlie : Yo, Tommy.
Charlie : Good to see you back. Anything you need, let me know.
UNK: Tommy Moretti : You know what I need? I need my luck to change.
Charlie : I'm sure it will.
Charlie : Big whale. Lots of dough.
Ryan : What about Sam's driver last night, Ralph Marino?
Ryan : What can you tell us about him?
Charlie : Not much. Drove me a couple times.
Charlie : Here's his personnel file, like you asked.
Charlie : Honestly, after what happened between them,
Rebecca : I don't know why Sam kept him around.
Charlie : What happened?
UNK: Daniel Sullivan : Mr. Turner, sorry to interrupt.
UNK: Daniel Sullivan : Facial recognition got a hit on a card counter.
UNK: Table six, purple shirt.
Charlie : Gentlemen, I'd like you to meet my security tech, Daniel Sullivan.
Charlie : Same software you guys use to track terrorists,
Charlie : we use to track lowlife thieves.
Charlie : Security escort. Table number six.
UNK: Purple striped shirt. Guy's counting cards.
Castle : Wow, looks like you run a tight ship.
Charlie : Everybody thinks they can beat the house.
Charlie : You don't lay down the law, they'll rob you blind.
Esposito : You said something happened between Ralph and Sam. What was that?
UNK: Yeah, about a week ago,
Charlie : the two of them had a scuffle at the bar.
Esposito : About what?
Charlie : Sam asked this dancer
UNK: to blow on his dice.
Ryan : Turns out she was Ralph's girl.
UNK: Oops.
Charlie : Yeah, Sam was always a ladies' man,
Charlie : and a lot of those ladies were already spoken for.
Charlie : It seems like he was on a little hot streak lately.
Beckett : But that's the thing about luck,
UNK: SIREN BLARING
Charlie : it changes.
Esposito : Thank you very much, Mr. Turner.
Esposito : We may need to interview some of your staff while we're here.
Charlie : Of course. Nadine can help you with whatever you need.
Esposito : All right, thanks.
UNK: Guys,
Ryan : Ralph listed as his emergency contact his cousin.
Ryan : Guess where he lives?
UNK: Where? New York City.
UNK: Eight blocks from our crime scene.
ESPOSITO : Great place for Ralph to hide out.
Beckett : Going somewhere, Mr. Marino?
Beckett : Hey! Hey! Hold it!
Beckett : Show us your hands. Now.
Marino : I know how it looks, but I swear to God and my mother
UNK: Rebecca Siegal : I didn't kill him.
Beckett : That's why you run away fromme
UNK: with a 9mm tucked in your pants?
Beckett : 'Cause you're innocent? Come on, Ralph.
Beckett : We know that you and Sam weren't on the best of terms.
Marino : He and I were square. I would never hurt him.
Marino : Look, all I did was drive him. I wasn't there when he was shot.
Beckett : Why not? You were his driver.
UNK: So then what'd you do? Go for a midnight stroll?
Marino : As a matter of fact, yeah.
Marino : After he spoke to his ex, he told me to take him out
Marino : to this abandoned warehouse on the other side of town,
Marino : said there was someone he needed to meet.
Marino : He said he needed to meet him alone.
UNK: Who? Don't know.
UNK: Sam gave me 500 bucks, told me to find my own way home,
UNK: so I crashed at my cousin's place.
UNK: Then this morning, I hear what happened on the radio.
UNK: I figured with my record, folks would be looking at me.
UNK: Did you see anybody else there before you left?
Marino : Black SUV drove up to the dock just as I was leaving,
Marino : but I didn't see who was inside.
UNK: Ballistics is checking your nine.
Beckett : You better hope it's not a match.
UNK: SIGHS
Gates : What do you think?