Castle : Most likely the same SUV that was spotted
Castle : coming out of that abandoned warehouse where Sam was killed.
UNK: If it's the same car, why would they want Nadine?
Castle : Because whatever this is, Nadine is knee-deep in it.
UNK: Try neck-deep.
UNK: ACPD let me check into that laptop in Nadine's workbag.
UNK: I checked her browser history.
UNK: Guess who paid a visit to the New Reserve Bank website
UNK: yesterday at 9 : 47 a.m.?
Esposito : Nadine's our thief?
RYAN : Yep. Our concierge pulled quite a score.
Ryan : She logged in with Sam's account information and transferred the 10 mil.
Castle : So whoever took her is after the money.
Castle : They tried to get it from Sam,
Castle : when that didn't work, they killed him.
Castle : And now they've gone for Nadine.
Ryan : Okay, but we still don't know who they are.
Castle : There's only one person who makes any sense.
Castle : The guy whose money it is.
Charlie : Why would I kidnap my own concierge?
Castle : Because you found out she was the one who stole your money.
Charlie : Nadine stole my money?
Ryan : You can stop the theatrics. We know you know.
UNK: Daniel Sullivan : Mr. Turner, your casino maintains
Esposito : a fleet of black SUVs to shuttle around your high-rollers.
Charlie : All the casinos do. It doesn't prove anything.
Esposito : Well, then you won't mind if we inspect them,
Esposito : just to make sure they're all accounted for.
Charlie : We're done here.
Ryan : Excuse me?
Charlie : You people are here from another state.
Charlie : You have no jurisdiction, and you have no warrant,
Charlie : and I believe I've tolerated your presence long enough.
Charlie : Get out of my casino.
Castle : Are you kidding?
Charlie : Do I look like I'm kidding? I want you to leave, now.
Castle : Can he do that?
Beckett : What? How did you guys get kicked out?
UNK: Turns out Charlie's version of "full cooperation" isn't all that full.
Esposito : The only reason he kicked us out is because he's behind the whole thing.
Beckett : Yeah, but kidnap somebody right in front of his casino,
Beckett : that's a bit bold.
Beckett : If he knew it was her, why would he wait?
Beckett : Why didn't he just grab her in the casino while she was on shift?
Castle : Yeah, I mean,
Castle : he did seem genuinely surprised
Castle : when we told him it was Nadine.
Castle : Maybe he didn't know.
Esposito : Yeah, but he's the only one with motive.
CASTLE : No, not necessarily.
Castle : What if someone else knew what Nadine did and wanted the money?
Esposito : How would they find out?
Beckett : Maybe Nadine told them.
Lanie : I mean, that would explain the phone records.
Ryan : How so?
UNK: Listen, I pulled her phone history.
UNK: She called a number inside the casino
UNK: immediately before and after making that transfer at 9 : 47.
UNK: I tracked down the extensi to a Daniel Sullivan.
Ryan : Daniel? That's Charlie's security guy.
Castle : That would explain how Nadine got hold of Sam's passwords.
UNK: Daniel's her partner.
Castle : He's got eyes and ears all over that casino.
Beckett : All right, see what he knows. We can't.
Esposito : He's inside the casino and their security won't let us back in.
Beckett : Okay, sit tight. I'm driving down.
Ryan : No, no, no. Beckett, you don't have to do that.
UNK: No, no, no. We really... We got it.
Ryan : Yeah, she's gone.
UNK: MUSIC PLAYING
Brian : So I told Coach if I'm open on the three, point guard better feed me.
Alexis : That's really interesting.
Alexis : But did you have to invite half the team over?
UNK: I like your hair. It's red.
UNK: MACHINERY WHIRRING
UNK: RATTLING
Alexis : Will you excuse me for a sec?
Jules : Hey. I need to talk to you. Can it wait a second?
Alexis : I think someone just broke the blender.
Alexis : Who are all these people?
Jules : Jamie Cruz just posted an update on Facebook that you're having a party.
UNK: What?
UNK: He's a loser, though, so I'm sure he doesn't have that many friends.
Alexis : Yeah. I mean, how many peopl are just sitting at home
Alexis : waiting to hear about a party?
UNK: Yeah. DOORBELL BUZZES
UNK: EXCLAIMING
UNK: LAUGHING
Castle : This is the worst Impromptu Bachelor Party While On Case ever.
Esposito : This is humiliating.
Esposito : We're Homicide detectives with the NYPD.
UNK: Unfortunately we're in New Jersey.
UNK: At least we're not on a ticking clock because a woman's been kidnapped.
Ryan : Oh, wait. We are.
UNK: There's gotta be some other way we can get in.
Castle : What if I told you I could get us back in the hotel past security?
Castle : All while circumventing facial recognition?
Ryan : How the hell are you going to do that?
UNK: UPBEAT SONG PLAYING
Showgirl : Very nice.
Esposito : Thank you. Thank you very much.
Esposito : How do you know she wasn't talking to me?
UNK: CHUCKLING Well...
Esposito : What, Elvis can't be brown?
Esposito : I'm Elvez.