UNK: It's a long way to go for good chicken parm.
Tommy : I had a craving.
Castle : For good Italian or for the $10 million Sam stole from you?
UNK: Come on, if I killed Sam,
UNK: you think you would've ever found the body?
UNK: The guy you're looking for ain't me.
Beckett : But you were there.
UNK: SIGHS
Tommy : Sam called me.
Tommy : He said he was having trouble repaying the loan.
Tommy : So I arranged the meeting.
Castle : Yeah, at just the kind of place guys like you
Castle : like to put bullets into guys like him.
Tommy : You can't get money from a dead guy.
UNK: I would've broken his legs and taken his casino first.
UNK: Now, see, I knew all about the blackmail.
Tommy : Sam told me.
UNK: He said I had nothing to worry about
Tommy : because his ex-wife had signed over the property in Queens.
Tommy : The blackmailers were transferring the 10 mil back.
UNK: He was gonna drop off the money in the morning,
Tommy : so I gave him an extra 24 hours.
Tommy : It's the last I saw of him.
Castle : Except Sam lied. His ex-wife never signed.
Tommy : Yeah, she did.
Tommy : He showed me the signature himself.
Tommy : That's the reason I gave him the extra time.
Rebecca : I didn't lie.
Beckett : Then what happened to the paperwork after Sam left your apartment?
Rebecca : He took it with him.
UNK: That's odd.
Beckett : I would have thought I would have found it on his body.
Beckett : But we didn't.
Beckett : Made me wonder where it was.
Rebecca : Maybe the person who killed him took it.
Beckett : Yeah, maybe she did.
Beckett : So, uniforms found this in your apartment's trash bin.
Beckett : It has your signature on it.
Beckett : You did lie.
Rebecca : He pleaded with me,
Rebecca : begged me to sign that form,
Rebecca : and when I said no,
Rebecca : he took out his gun, put it in my mouth
UNK: and told me if I didn't sign the form,
Rebecca : he would paint the wal Is with my brains.
Rebecca : The only reason I was able to get that divorce
UNK: was because he said I'd gotten old,
Rebecca : that he was done with me, and I was grateful.
Rebecca : Grateful for a way out.
Rebecca : But with a man like Sam,
Rebecca : you're never really out.
UNK: So when he told me that someone wanted him dead,
Rebecca : I thought, "Here's my chance."
Beckett : So then what happened?
Rebecca : He made a call from my pho about the meet.
Rebecca : After he left,
Rebecca : I took out the .38 that he gave me for our second anniversary,
Rebecca : went out the service exit,
Rebecca : and I hunted him down like the vicious animal he was.
Gates : I've asked the DA to look into the mitigating circumstances.
Gates : They'll take her situation into account when they offer her a plea.
Beckett : Thank you for your help on this one.
Gates : I enjoy checking out the view from the trenches once in a while.
Beckett : Yeah, well, it helps to be surrounded by a good team.
Gates : You mean Castle.
Beckett : You said it, not me.
Gates : He's not a cop.
Beckett : Yeah, but that's what makes him so good.
UNK: SCOFFS Well, speaking of which, where are they?
Beckett : I gave them the afternoon off.
Beckett : Apparently, Ryan got stuck with an underage best man,
Beckett : so the boys are giving him the unofficial bachelor party.
Gates : I trust you'll edit their side of the investigation in the report.
UNK: BOTTLES CLINKING
UNK: KEYS JINGLING
UNK: DOOR UNLOCKING
UNK: Hey.
Alexis : What happened to you?
Castle : Nothing. Nothing. What's happened here?
UNK: Nothing.
Castle : Where's the...
Castle : Where's the little silver dog statue
Castle : that's usually on the back of the couch?
UNK: Uh, I think Gram said she needed it for set dressing for her play.
UNK: Oh.
UNK: CASTLE GROANS