Charlie : Who told you?
Castle : No one told me. I put the pieces together.
Castle : Sam's murder, Nadine's kidnapping,
Castle : none of it makes any sense if it was your money.
UNK: You know what I think?
Castle : I think the money Nadine stole from you
Castle : actually belonged to someone else,
Castle : otherwise you wouldn't be so desperate.
Castle : So tell me, Charlie, what happened?
Beckett : You and Sam take out a loan
Castle : from an institution that doesn't offer flexible payment plans?
Castle : You borrowed money from the mob,
Castle : that's why you didn't want us sniffing around here.
Castle : What I can't figure out is how could you be so stupid?
Charlie : The banks weren't lending.
Charlie : We needed a cash infusion or else we would've had to fold.
UNK: And now the money's gone.
Charlie : You have any idea how bad it is to default on a loan from the mob?
Esposito : How'd they find out about Nadine?
Charlie : Hell if I know.
Charlie : Maybe Sam told them.
Charlie : All I know is that I need my money back.
Castle : I can get your mon ey back for you.
Castle : But I need you to do something for me.
Castle : Who are they?
UNK: CHUCKLES
Charlie : No. No way.
UNK: Come on, Charlie,
Castle : they killed Sam and unless they get their money back,
UNK: they're gonna kill Nadine and then you.
UNK: Those are your cards.
Castle : Is this really how you're gonna play them?
Castle : Oh, um...
Ryan : Funny story.
ESPOSITO : We, uh...
Esposito : We can explain.
Beckett : No, I'm not even sure I want to know.
UNK: It was Castle's idea It was Castle's idea..
CASTLE : And it worked.
Castle : I know who killed Sam.
UNK: Who? Who?
Castle : Tommy Moretti.
Castle : He made a hard money loan
UNK: to the Sapphire six months ago and it's due.
UNK: It's his money that Nadine stole.
Beckett : Felony, assault, attempted murder, racketeering.
Beckett : The feds have been trying to get him for years.
Ryan : He was at the bar earlier today.
Ryan : He told Charlie he needed his luck to change.
CASTLE : Probably a veiled threat.
Daniel : What if he kills her?
CASTLE : No, he wants his money too much.
Castle : Just stick to the plan. Charlie called Moretti,
Castle : told him to meet him at the casino first thing in the morning,
Castle : when the banks open.
Esposito : Once you turn over the $10 million, he'll turn over Nadine.
Beckett : And then we'll arrest him for Sam's murder.
Daniel : Well, what if he smells a trap?
Beckett : He won't. We'll be ready.
Ryan : Here he comes.
CHARLIE : Tommy Moretti, the guy's a sociopath.
Ryan : Problem is, with half the city on his payroll,
Charlie : no one can touch him.
UNK: You got some pretty big balls, kid, to steal from me.
UNK: Look, I'm sorry, Mr. Moretti. I had no idea you were involved.
Daniel : I'll log on and transfer the funds as soon as I see Nadine.
UNK: You got a lot of demands for a kid
Tommy : who's lucky to be sucking down air right now.
UNK: TAPPING ON KEYBOARD
UNK: BEEPING
Daniel : You said you'd let her go.
UNK: CRYING
CHARLIE : Okay, here's where it gets interesting.
UNK: Barney. Somehow I figured I wasn't done.
Beckett : Take a seat, Mr. Moretti.
Beckett : We got a few questions about Sam Siegel's murder.
TOMMY : You got me in a cooperative mood, Detective,
Tommy : now that I got my money back. What can I do for you?
BECKETT : The night of Sam's murder,
Beckett : you charged a meal at Carmine's.
Beckett : That's about a mile aw ay from the crime scene.