Ryan : Your Long Island housewife was right.
Ryan : Roger picked up the briefcase from locker 27B shortly before 10 : 00 p.m.
UNK: Great.
Hans : You don't want to know who put it in there?
Beckett : Oh. Yeah, I'm sorry. Yeah.
Castle : That's Roger's handler from Spy Ventures.
Castle : He said the briefcase wasn't part of the game,
Castle : so why is he putting it in Roger's locker?
Beckett : - And why did he lie? - Exactly.
Beckett : What was in the briefcase, Hugo?
Castle : We talked to your bosses, Hugo. We know it wasn't part of the game.
Beckett : And yet, you had one of your players pick it up and deliver it for you.
Beckett : And he just happened to end up dead.
UNK: Hugo Morrison : - I didn't know. - You didn't know what?
UNK: Hugo Morrison : Look, no one was supposed to get hurt. I just...
UNK: Hugo Morrison : I needed someone to make the exchange.
Beckett : What was in the briefcase, Hugo? Drugs? Money?
Castle : - IDs. - IDs?
UNK: Hugo Morrison : Part of my job is to make the ID kits.
UNK: Hugo Morrison : Corporate badges, passports from nonexistent countries.
UNK: Hugo Morrison : But with Jason's equipment, you can forge counterfeit IDs
UNK: Hugo Morrison : for real countries, too.
UNK: Hugo Morrison : - But it's illegal. - But that didn't stop you, did it?
Beckett : So who did you sell to?
UNK: Hugo Morrison : College kids, mostly looking to buy beer.
Castle : And then you used game players to make the drops?
UNK: Hugo Morrison : So if anybody got busted, they couldn't identify me.
UNK: Hugo Morrison : I mean, these are college kids.
UNK: Hugo Morrison : They'd roll over on their grandmothers if they got caught.
Beckett : Something tells me that Roger wasn't killed
Beckett : by a group of under-aged college kids.
UNK: Hugo Morrison : No. This last job, it was different. I knew I shouldn't have taken it,
UNK: Hugo Morrison : - but they were paying so much money. - Who?
UNK: Hugo Morrison : They're Ukrainians. They found me on the Internet.
UNK: Hugo Morrison : They said they needed passports.
UNK: Hugo Morrison : I sent Roger to make the drop and pick up the money.
Castle : 5,000 Euros.
UNK: Hugo Morrison : He thought it was just another mission.
UNK: Hugo Morrison : But something must have gone wrong.
UNK: Hugo Morrison : After he made the drop, he called me on the hotline,
UNK: Hugo Morrison : said he was being followed by a dark sedan.
Beckett : A dark sedan? And what time was this?
UNK: 11 : 30-ish. Look, playing the game, it makes you paranoid.
UNK: So I figured it was just his imagination.
UNK: So I gave him the standard line about evasive maneuvers.
UNK: I didn't really think he was being followed.
UNK: But he was.
UNK: He called again close to midnight and said his cover had been blown.
UNK: I thought he was messing with me, so I shined him on.
UNK: I shined him on, and now he's dead.
UNK: I must have done something wrong. Must have messed up the passports...
UNK: And they came after him and they killed him.
UNK: Andrea Fisher : The briefcase, where did he deliver it to?
Beckett : Hugo, the Ukrainians, I need an address now.
Beckett : - NYPD! Hands up! - Freeze!
Beckett : - Clear! - Clear!
Esposito : Turn 'em around!
UNK: Officer 1 : Get up there, now! Stay there! Stay there!
UNK: Kids.
Esposito : Yep, they're Ukrainians, but they're students.
Esposito : They're used to being able to drink back home,
Esposito : but they needed fake IDs to buy booze here.
Esposito : They got Hugo's information from another kid in the summer program.
Alexis : Summer program?
Esposito : Yeah, they're part of the summer exchange program
Esposito : at Hudson University.
Martha : - Why? - No reason.
Esposito : Anyway, none of them own a dark sedan.
Esposito : And seeing as how they all went out partying
Esposito : the moment Roger dropped off the IDs, it's doubtful any of them are our killer.
UNK: Mmm.
Castle : You actually think he was being followed?
UNK: He calls at 11 : 30, and then just before he's shot,
UNK: his car is damaged.
UNK: He runs on foot into the park.
UNK: Sounds to me like he was running away.
UNK: But from whom?
Castle : As much as I'd like to help you run down every dark sedan in the city,
Castle : I have a poker game to host.
Castle : See you in the morning.
Demming : See you.
UNK: So...
Esposito : - Castle's last case, huh? - Mmm-hmm.
Esposito : Ryan and I thought we'd do a little going-away party.
Beckett : Yeah, well, it's not like he's leaving forever.
Esposito : You sure about that?
Esposito : Why do you think he's been following you around all this time?
Esposito : What, research?
Esposito : The guy's done enough research to write 50 books.
Esposito : Look, whatever the reason is,
Esposito : I'm pretty sure it doesn't include watching you be with another guy.
UNK: Stephen J. Cannell : A murder in the middle of a spy game where nobody knows what's going on?
UNK: Stephen J. Cannell : I like that.
UNK: Michael Connelly : The Ukrainians are a nice twist.
Castle : So, we've explained the money, the gadgets and the briefcase.
Castle : The only thing we can't explain, why was he killed?
UNK: James Patterson : Maybe that's because you're looking in the wrong place.
UNK: All right, Patterson, where would you look?
UNK: James Patterson : If I was writing this,
UNK: James Patterson : the murder would have nothing to do with the spy game,
UNK: James Patterson : except that it gave the killer an opportunity to act.
UNK: Michael Connelly : Knowing that the trappings of the game would cover his tracks.
UNK: Stephen J. Cannell : Which is pretty much what's happened.
UNK: Stephen J. Cannell : Look, Rick, as much trouble as we go to with these novels,
UNK: Stephen J. Cannell : there's only three reasons to commit a murder,
UNK: Stephen J. Cannell : love, money, and to cover up a crime.
UNK: Michael Connelly : Cannell's right. I'd spend more time looking at your victim
UNK: Michael Connelly : and less time looking at the game.
UNK: James Patterson : Personally, I'd spend more time writing
UNK: James Patterson : and less time hanging out with your cop friend.
UNK: James Patterson : I mean, really, Ricky. Just one book a year?
UNK: Stephen J. Cannell : Kind of thin, Rick.
UNK: James Patterson : She seems like more of a distraction than a muse.