UNK: He could have just switched cars.
UNK: True, except it was a warm night.
Esposito : Warm enough to leave the windows open.
Esposito : - Oh, no. - Oh, yes.
UNK: The next-door neighbor distinctly remembers
Esposito : hearing the sounds of loud, passionate lovemaking
Esposito : coming from the open bedroom window.
Esposito : - Kept him up till well past midnight. - I don't buy it.
Castle : They both had motive. They were having an affair.
Castle : They knew exactly where he was.
Castle : Just because they had an alibi does not mean they didn't do it.
Beckett : Do you think they hired someone?
Castle : It had all the hallmarks of a professional hit.
Beckett : It couldn't have been Lee unless he asked the bankruptcy court
Beckett : for permission to hire a hit man, and I don't think that's likely.
Ryan : And the only unusual charge in the Farradays' account
UNK: was the 10 grand that Roger wired to the Spy Ventures account
Esposito : in the Cayman Islands.
Ryan : - Ten grand? - Yeah, why?
Castle : Because he only should've paid half that much.
Castle : Do you remember what the woman at Spy Ventures
Castle : said about the money we found in the car?
Beckett : Yeah, that 5,000 Euros was more than what he paid for his entire spy-cation.
Ryan : His bank statement indicates he transferred two payments
Ryan : of five grand each to the game, for a total of $ 10,000.
Castle : The payments were made at the same time,
Castle : almost like he paid twice.
UNK: Jason Fenn : If these numbers are correct, he did pay twice.
UNK: Jason Fenn : Once for him, once for another player.
UNK: Jason Fenn : Another player? - Who was the other player?
UNK: Liz Fenn : - Andrea Fisher. Our Long Island housewife?
Castle : She said she never met Roger until they were teamed up for the game.
Beckett : But if they never met, why did he pay for her?
UNK: Andrea Fisher : There must be some mistake.
Beckett : We checked with the bank, Mrs. Fisher.
Beckett : There is no mistake.
Beckett : - You never paid Spy Ventures. - But Roger did.
Castle : The coupon clipping was a nice touch, though.
Castle : I assume that was for your husband's benefit?
Beckett : What was the nature of your relationship with Roger Farraday?
Castle : We were
UNK: Friends.
Beckett : When did the two of you first meet?
UNK: Andrea Fisher : Last year.
UNK: Andrea Fisher : I was taking my daughter Shelby into the city for dance classes.
UNK: Andrea Fisher : After I dropped her off, I'd go to the museum.
UNK: Andrea Fisher : You know, for an hour, it wasn't, "Mommy, can you do this?"
UNK: Andrea Fisher : Or "Honey, can you do that?" You know? I was me.
UNK: Andrea Fisher : Oh, God. After a few weeks, the museum turned into a hotel.
UNK: Andrea Fisher : And then Shelby's dance classes ended.
Castle : You had no excuse to go into the city anymore.
UNK: Andrea Fisher : When we first met, we pretended to be spies,
UNK: Andrea Fisher : exchanging secrets at the museum.
UNK: Andrea Fisher : Roger thought, "Why not have a real-life spy adventure?"
UNK: Andrea Fisher : And we could have one last time together.
UNK: Ken Fisher : Hey, hon, I'm back.
Castle : Oh, my God. Please don't tell my husband.
Beckett : We don't have to, Mrs. Fisher.
Beckett : He already knows.
UNK: Stephen J. Cannell : What's going on?
Beckett : Mr. Fisher, I'm Detective Kate Beckett. NYPD.
UNK: Ken Fisher : What's this about?
Beckett : You own a black 2009 four-door sedan?
Ryan : Yeah, why?
Beckett : - Where is it? - It's in the shop.
UNK: Ken Fisher : I hit a pole while I was backing out at the supermarket.
Castle : You're a much better shot than you are a liar.
Beckett : The state of New York lists you as a registered gun owner,
Beckett : Glock 45.
Castle : Oh, my God.
UNK: Andrea Fisher : Oh, my God. What did you do to him?
UNK: Ken Fisher : What he deserved.
Montgomery : So Roger was right about being followed that night.
Beckett : When the husband got on to the affair, he did a little spy game of his own.
Beckett : Tracked down and killed his wife's lover.
Montgomery : Mmm. Two affairs, a loveless marriage.
Montgomery : It's sad a man had to die because all the people involved
Montgomery : were too scared to say what they really felt.
Beckett : Yes, it is sad.
UNK: And how many shows like that? Sure. Make it two, and you got a deal.
UNK: All right.
UNK: Hey, I gotta run. I gotta drive Alexis to Princeton.
UNK: But I will be back in time for that little surprise party
UNK: the boys are throwing for me... What? What?
UNK: Nothing.