Beckett : We contacted the CIA, the FBI, the NSA, and Homeland Security,
Beckett : and so far, all of them are denying that he was one of theirs.
Castle : Of course they're gonna deny it.
Castle : He was probably disavowed the moment he was killed,
Castle : making this officially the coolest case ever.
Beckett : So what do you want us to do, sir?
Montgomery : Your job. Till someone more important tells us different,
Montgomery : treat this like a standard homicide case.
UNK: You go to the cafe. If this contact of his is an ally,
Montgomery : they may be willing to talk.
Castle : How are we gonna identify the contact?
Beckett : Same way our victim was going to.
UNK: Bingo.
UNK: Her? - She's the only one here alone.
Castle : Aren't you Steve's friend?
Castle : Aren't you Steve's friend?
UNK: Steve? No, no, I'm sorry. I don't know Steve.
Castle : Are you sure?
Castle : So he's not your brother?
UNK: Andrea Fisher : - Go away. - Okay.
UNK: - Wasn't her. - Yeah, I gathered.
Beckett : - This all feel a little odd to you? - What?
Beckett : The old cloak-and-dagger, secret meetings, code words.
Beckett : All feels a little old-fashioned.
Beckett : I mean, why meet face-to-face
Beckett : when you can just send an encrypted e-mail?
Castle : Sometimes, you just have to do things off the grid.
Castle : Speaking of off the grid, I was serious about this weekend.
Beckett : You're seriously asking me to your place in the Hamptons?
Castle : I promise, no funny stuff. Just a friendly getaway.
Castle : It'd be fun.
Beckett : Yeah... No.
Martha : You know, some of us have to work for a living.
Castle : - On Memorial Day? - Yes.
Beckett : I spent all of my vacation days looking for a new place to live.
Castle : - Aren't you Steve's friend? - No, Steve's my brother.
Hans : Brauer. Hans Brauer.
Lanie : Shawn Caldwell.
Hans : We don't have much time.
Hans : The target's in country, but on the move.
Hans : Go to Alpha location and look for the sign,
Hans : but Blackbird wants you to know, there are other assets in play.
Hans : So, if they move on you, go to ground.
Hans : But if you get a shot, take it. Understood?
UNK: Understood.
UNK: Uh... Wait.
Castle : My people need confirmation on the target's name.
Hans : - What did you say? - The target's name,
Castle : my people need confirmation.
UNK: Ah!
Martha : - Who are you? NYPD!
Beckett : Hands up.
Beckett : - Not you, Castle. - Right.
Hans : You people have no idea what you just stepped into.
Hans : No idea.
Beckett : Why don't you tell us?
Hans : Because you don't want to know. The things that I've seen?
Hans : Trust me, ignorance is bliss.
Castle : Who do you work for? The government?
Beckett : Well, if not the government, then who?
Hans : - What happened to the real Caldwell? - Dead.
Beckett : - When? - Last night.
Hans : That means they know.
Beckett : They know about what?
Beckett : About the target?
Beckett : About how you were going to "take your shot"?
Castle : Who's your target, Hans?
Hans : I spent three weeks in Afghanistan with fire ants crawling on my privates.
Hans : Somehow I don't think your polite but stern routine
Hans : is gonna get you very far.
Hans : You can ask me whatever you want.
Hans : But let me tell you what's gonna happen here.
Hans : In just a little while, you will receive a phone call
Hans : from someone much more important than you.
Hans : Then they will tell you that there's been a misunderstanding,
Hans : and you will be instructed to release me.
Hans : You will do so grudgingly, but you will do so nonetheless.
Hans : And you will watch me walk out of here, into the night,
Hans : never to be seen again.