Castle : No, you're right.
Castle : I think I've gotten everything I can get out of that relationship anyway.
Demming : Hey, you ready?
Ryan : Yeah. Yeah.
Castle : - Hey. - Hey.
UNK: Uh...
Castle : I was just thinking.
Lanie : - May... - Yeah.
Castle : I've been thinking,
UNK: maybe we're looking in the wrong place.
UNK: Maybe the murder has nothing to do with the game.
UNK: Maybe it just afforded the killer an opportunity to act.
Beckett : That's so funny,
Beckett : because I was thinking the same thing when I woke up this morning,
Beckett : that maybe we got so caught up in the game
Beckett : that we stopped looking at what really mattered.
Ryan : - The victim. - Exactly.
Beckett : So check this out.
Beckett : His financials came back clean.
Beckett : But then we did a search on his business partner, Lee Copley,
Beckett : and it turns out that he filed for bankruptcy two months ago.
Beckett : Overextended himself in real estate.
Castle : Let me guess, if Roger dies, his half of the business goes to Copley.
Beckett : Over half a million dollars worth.
Castle : His wife did say the only two people who knew Roger
Castle : was in the city were her and Copley.
Beckett : - And guess what Copley drives. - A dark sedan?
UNK: Lee Copley : Roger was my friend. We grew up together.
UNK: Lee Copley : Why would I kill him?
Castle : I can give you half a million reasons why.
UNK: Lee Copley : What, because I'm having financial problems?
UNK: Lee Copley : Because we just happen to own a business together?
Castle : Greed, Mr. Copley, it's the purest motive there is.
UNK: Lee Copley : This is ridiculous.
Beckett : Where were you the night that Roger Farraday was murdered?
UNK: Lee Copley : I was home in bed.
UNK: Really? Then do you care to explain these?
Beckett : These are photos of you leaving your apartment garage
UNK: at 8 : 00 the night that he was murdered.
Beckett : And these are photos of you returning the following morning at 7 : 00 a.m.
Castle : Kind of blows a hole in your whole "home in bed" thing.
UNK: You lied to me, Mr. Copley. Do you care to revise your statement?
UNK: 8 : 00 p.m. That's plenty of time to drive to the city from Stamford.
Castle : What'd you do, Lee?
Castle : Wait for him at the hotel, follow him till he was alone?
UNK: Lee Copley : - No, I didn't. - And then you used the game as cover.
UNK: Lee Copley : No. Look, I swear, I didn't do it.
Beckett : Right. You were at home in bed.
UNK: Lee Copley : No, I wasn't at home, but I was in bed
UNK: Lee Copley : with his wife.
Beckett : I'm sorry. What?
UNK: Lee Copley : I was in bed with Roger's wife.
Castle : Let me get this straight.
Castle : Your alibi for killing your friend is you were doing his wife?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Wow.
UNK: Melinda Farraday : What? You want me to say I'm sorry?
UNK: Melinda Farraday : You want me to be embarrassed? I'm not.
UNK: Melinda Farraday : Do you know how long it had been since Roger and I made love?
UNK: Melinda Farraday : All he cared about was work and his extreme vacations.
UNK: Melinda Farraday : So, yeah, I was seeing Lee.
UNK: Melinda Farraday : Yeah, I was with him that night.
Beckett : Well, if things were that bad, why not just get a divorce?
UNK: Melinda Farraday : Are you serious? My house is too nice.
Castle : I can see why Roger needed a little extra fantasy in his life.
Esposito : I talked to the wife's neighbors.
Esposito : A few of them remember Lee's car outside the house that night.
Ryan : That doesn't mean anything. The guy runs an auto dealership.