Beckett : Stamford, Connecticut.
UNK: He lists his wife Melinda as his emergency contact.
UNK: Jason Fenn : Detective, we're very sorry about the confusion.
UNK: Jason Fenn : We called as soon as we got your messages.
Castle : - So the fake IDs, the Cayman Islands... - Yeah, they're all part of the experience.
UNK: Liz Fenn : You have no idea how excited people get
UNK: Liz Fenn : when they have to wire their payment to an offshore account.
Castle : So your slogan is "authenticity."
Castle : Is it possible one of your other players took things too far?
UNK: Jason Fenn : Mr. Castle, we take the safety of our guests very seriously.
UNK: Jason Fenn : Our weapons look real, but they're legal, inoperable,
UNK: Jason Fenn : and rigged for game play.
UNK: Jason Fenn : So if one of the guests killed Roger, they used their own weapon, not ours.
Castle : So the weapons are fake, but the money is real?
UNK: Liz Fenn : - What money? - The 5,000 Euros we found in the car.
UNK: Jason Fenn : Uh, yeah, we do money drops sometimes,
UNK: Jason Fenn : but never with real currency.
UNK: Liz Fenn : That's more than he paid for his package.
UNK: Liz Fenn : - Are you sure it was real? - Positive.
Beckett : What was Mr. Farraday doing in the park that night?
Beckett : - Was that a part of a mission? - No, no, no.
UNK: Jason Fenn : The park is too dangerous to work at night.
UNK: Jason Fenn : And his last mission should've ended hours earlier.
Castle : What was his last mission?
UNK: Hugo Morrison : Farraday? Yeah, I was his handler.
UNK: Hugo Morrison : His last mission that day was the bus locker drop.
UNK: I checked it at 10 : 00, it was empty. So we know he picked up the pen.
Castle : - The one with the recording? - Yeah.
UNK: Hugo Morrison : His next activity was the cafe meet yesterday.
Beckett : So where did he go between 10 : 00 and midnight?
Castle : And how did he end up in the park with 5,000 Euros in his car?
UNK: Jason Fenn : Wasn't his last drop an accomplice mission?
UNK: Jason Fenn : An accomplice mission?
UNK: Liz Fenn : Well, sometimes we have players do tasks together,
UNK: Liz Fenn : not knowing if the other is friend or foe.
UNK: Jason Fenn : He was paired with Designate 145, French intelligence.