Castle : What the hell are we into here?
Beckett : - Hopefully the Feds'll have more luck. - Somehow I doubt it.
Castle : At least not in time to stop whatever he's planning.
Esposito : Yo, Beckett!
Esposito : That was the manager of the Carter Regency Hotel.
Esposito : Says he recognized our vic.
Esposito : Guy checked in two days ago and never checked out.
Beckett : Clear. Castle, check the bureau.
UNK: The safe is locked. Open it.
Beckett : Whatever he was supposed to do, it was going down today.
Beckett : He was scheduled to check out tomorrow.
UNK: It's more IDs.
UNK: "John Mason, Paul Chenausky."
Castle : Probably fake, too.
UNK: Castle.
Castle : What is it?
Beckett : It's a security dossier.
Beckett : - Kofi Amandul. - Who's Kofi Amandul?
Beckett : Minister of Banking for the Republic of Luvania.
Beckett : These were taken in front of the UN. This is the target.
Beckett : This is who they're trying to kill.
Beckett : - I have to call the State Department. - I don't think you have to.
UNK: While writing Derrick Storm, I became somewhat of an expert
Castle : on world geography.
Castle : You ever heard of the Republic of Luvania?
UNK: Walter Burns cary Grant : - No. - Yeah, neither have I. You know why?
Castle : Because it doesn't exist.
Castle : I got a feeling Kofi Amandul doesn't exist either.
Beckett : Then why would they try to kill someone who doesn't exist?
Castle : I think I know.
Castle : Come on.
Ryan : Hey. So, I just got back from ballistics.
Ryan : That gun that we found in the victim's car...
Castle : Let me guess, it's not real.
UNK: It's a game.
Hans : - What are you talking about? This whole thing.
Castle : The fake IDs, the dossiers, Luvania, the banking minister.
Castle : It's all part of a game.
Castle : Come on. You're breaking the fourth wall here.
Castle : Listen, Hans, or whatever your name is, you see that woman?
Castle : She's a real cop. There's been a real murder,
Castle : and you are really under arrest.
Castle : If you don't start talking to us, you're gonna stay in jail.
Castle : Real jail.
Hans : - You're telling me this is real? - Very.
Hans : - I'm really in jail? - Yes, you are really in jail.
Hans : No, no, see... I thought that...
Hans : This isn't part of the experience?
Beckett : What experience?