Beckett : There's a generic hotel key card.
Castle : - In from out of town? - Except the company address is local,
Beckett : and so is his gym membership.
UNK: All right, have CSU sweep the area. Canvass the homeless people.
Beckett : See if anyone saw or heard anything.
Castle : Ocean view from my patio. It does not get better than this.
Castle : - What's wrong? - I tried information, our database...
Beckett : They even did an Internet search, and it's like these guys don't even exist.
Martha : - Who? - Fastwater Global Services.
Castle : Ah! See? I told you. CIA cover.
Castle : No, I mean, they probably just don't like to advertise.
UNK: Yeah, I thought so as well.
Beckett : So I checked their address, 1747 West 43rd Street.
Beckett : It's in the middle of the Hudson river.
Beckett : So, I went back and checked through his wallet,
Beckett : and looked at his IDs, his gym membership,
Beckett : health insurance, even his ATM card. They're all fakes.
Castle : You run his name?
UNK: Yeah, there's about half a dozen Shawn Caldwells
Beckett : in the Tri-State area, and none of them are a match.
Castle : - What about his fingerprints? - Not in our system.
Ryan : Hey, Beckett. Hey, what'd you guys find?
Ryan : We spoke to some homeless guys
Ryan : who were camped a couple hundred yards from the overpass last night.
Ryan : They didn't see or hear anything.
UNK: Couple of hundred yards? How do you not hear five gunshots?
Castle : - Unless... - He used a silencer.
Castle : To kill a man who went out of the way to hide who he was?
Esposito : This is starting to sound more and more like a professional hit.
UNK: Yeah, we're nowhere till we figure out who this guy actually is.
Beckett : So why don't you guys go canvass the area near the entrance to the park,
Beckett : see if you can find his car.
Beckett : And fax his photo to the local hotels, see if anyone recognizes his face.
Castle : Right on.
Castle : You know, I was... I was kidding about the assassin stuff.
Beckett : That's Lanie.
Beckett : Please tell me that you found something.
Lanie : Well, I found nothing that sheds light on the identity of your victim,
Lanie : but I did find something that may help with your killer.
Lanie : We know the shooter tried to scrub the crime scene
Lanie : of ballistic evidence, but one of the rounds
Lanie : shattered Mr. Caldwell's rib and left this little souvenir.
Beckett : A bullet fragment? - Can't tell the caliber,
Lanie : but this polygonal rifling along the outer rim
Lanie : is consistent with the barrel of a Glock.
UNK: Hmm.
Castle : - What? - The grouping of the shots.
Castle : You see how tight they all are?
Beckett : There's no stippling, no muzzle burns.
Beckett : The killer must have shot from a distance.
Castle : Which means he's a very good shot.
UNK: Hey.
UNK: Great. Thanks.
UNK: They found the car.
Esposito : Car is registered to Allied Fleet Services,
Esposito : a car rental agency.
Castle : Well, I hope they got the insurance option.
Beckett : Who did they rent it to?
Esposito : This particular car is on a long-term lease to FGS.
Beckett : Fastwater Global Services.
Castle : Do they know they rented their car to a company that doesn't exist?
Esposito : Oh, no, it exists. Just not in New York.
Esposito : All correspondence, billing, and payments
Esposito : go through a PO box in the Cayman Islands.
Ryan : Gets even weirder. In the trunk, we found these.
Beckett : - Euros. - Five thousand of them, and...
Beckett : - That looks military. Yeah.
Castle : What's in the box?
Ryan : A fancy pen. Nice.
UNK: A bag full of Euros, a high-tech heater and a silent killer who leaves no trace.
UNK: Ow!
Beckett : Now we know why our victim doesn't exist. He's a spy.