Esposito : The company is called Spy Ventures.
Esposito : They specialize in high-end spy-cations for thrill seekers.
Esposito : - Spy-cations? - Yeah.
UNK: You wanna be kidnapped and interrogated?
Esposito : They got a package.
Esposito : You want to be a super spy? They got a package.
Esposito : Their motto is "authenticity."
Castle : Right down to the offshore accounts,
Castle : false identifications, and realistic weaponry.
UNK: All right, find out who the hell's in charge.
Beckett : Let's see if "authenticity" includes murder.
Martha : Are you still hiding from Gina?
Castle : She's persistent, I'll give her that.
Martha : You can't outrun her forever, darling.
Martha : - Why don't I just talk to her? - No! No!
Castle : No, no, no.
UNK: - All right. - Ah!
Castle : Does the reemergence of summer hats
Castle : mean you'll be making an appearance in the Hamptons?
Martha : Alas, you're going to have to stagger along without me.
Martha : - I got the part! - Fantastic!
Castle : - I'm so proud! - Thank you, thank you.
Martha : It's not the biggest role in the world, but I do love summer stock.
Martha : - You gonna be okay? - Why wouldn't I be?
Martha : I'm gonna be gone through August. Alexis is away, and...
Castle : I'll be fine. I'll finish the book.
Martha : - Good. - What about Chet? He'll be all alone.
Martha : It's good for him to miss me.
Martha : I don't want him to assume that I'm gonna always just be around.
Carter : Sweet place.
Alexis : Oh! Everyone's here.
Castle : - You were expecting to be alone? - No, you're just home early.
Alexis : This is Carter. He's going to the Princeton program, too.
Castle : Is he now?
Martha : - Lovely to meet you, Carter. - Nice to meet you.
Alexis : - Um, I'll meet you in the kitchen. - Oh.
UNK: Yeah.
Alexis : I friended him on the program page and found out he lived nearby,
Alexis : so we decided to hook up.
Alexis : We just thought it'd be nice to go there knowing someone,
Alexis : and our rooms are right across from each other.
UNK: Hey, sorry about that.
Castle : How old would you say that kid is?
Martha : Old enough to do all the things you did when you were his age.
UNK: I'm really looking forward to it.
Castle : That's what I'm afraid of.
Martha : Oh! I almost forgot to tell you. James Patterson called.
Martha : He's gonna be a little late for the poker game tomorrow.
Castle : Probably wants to use the time to write another book.
Demming : Good thing your captain's not here.
Demming : This might be construed as inappropriate office behavior.
Demming : - See you later. - Yeah.
Castle : Didn't mean to break up your party.
Beckett : No, no party. I was actually waiting for you.
Beckett : We finally got a hold of someone from Spy Ventures.
Beckett : The owners are meeting us at their offices.
Beckett : Yeah, and your ex-wife called. She said that you've been avoiding her
Beckett : because you're late delivering your manuscript of
Beckett : That's a catchy title. When were you gonna tell me?
Castle : I was waiting for the perfect time. It just never happened.
Beckett : She's naked on the cover again, isn't she?
Castle : - Kind of, yeah. - That's great.
Beckett : - No one's gonna make fun of me. - Good.
UNK: Liz Fenn : That's Roger Farraday.
UNK: He was on the four-day covert ops package
UNK: Liz Fenn : culminating in a staged assassination of a UN diplomat.