UNK: Nope.
Castle : And neither are you.
Martha : Ah! Who are you hiding from now?
Castle : - Gina. - Oh.
Martha : Forget an alimony payment?
Castle : No, this time she's not calling as my ex-wife.
Castle : She's calling as my publisher.
Castle : The first draft of my new manuscript was due yesterday,
Castle : and I haven't finished.
Castle : - Why not? - Haven't felt like writing.
Castle : And besides, I don't think I'm entirely happy
Castle : with where my characters are going.
Martha : Well, change them.
Castle : Working on it. What are you doing here?
Castle : I do. Just came to pick up my lucky blouse.
UNK: - I got in! I got in! - Oh, good.
Castle : Oh, my God. You got in. That's amazing! I can't...
Castle : I don't... What did you get into?
Alexis : Princeton's summer program for high school students.
Castle : I thought you got waitlisted.
Alexis : Someone just canceled but we have to send them a deposit ASAP
Alexis : - because it starts this weekend. - This weekend?
Alexis : - I know we had plans, but... - Not just plans. Memorial Day.
Castle : The Hamptons, our annual "kick off the summer" week.
Castle : I mean, I got the illegal fireworks, the kind you like.
Castle : The ones with the silver starbursts.
Alexis : Dad, it's Princeton.
Castle : I can't believe you would blow off illegal fireworks
Castle : for a lousy head start at a top-notch education.
Alexis : I know, I'm a huge disappointment.
Alexis : Now, there are a bunch of forms you need to sign,
Alexis : - and I'll fill the rest out for you later. - Mmm-hmm.
Castle : Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hey!
UNK: - It says here that the dorms are coed. - Yeah, it's college.
Castle : No. No, it's a summer program for high school students at a college.
Castle : According to this, half the kids in your building
UNK: will be 16- and 17-year-old boys.
Alexis : Relax, Dad, each floor has a resident advisor who's 21.
Castle : Oh. So the one person in charge
Castle : is conveniently old enough to buy alcohol?
Martha : Darling, don't be such a prude.
Martha : Remember that trip you took to Italy with your class?
Martha : You were younger than Alexis is now.
Castle : Mother, if you had any idea what happened on that trip,
Castle : you would've never let me leave the house again.
Martha : Sometimes, the less you know, the better.
UNK: Ah!
Castle : - Beckett. - You have a novel to finish.
UNK: It's Castle.
Castle : It's kind of like a tradition, you know?
Castle : Bonfires, roasting marshmallows, telling ghost stories, sleeping late.
Castle : We've done it since she was five.
Beckett : Sounds nice. Kind of magical, actually.
Castle : Yeah, you know what? You should come.
Castle : Oh, it's right on the ocean. There's a secluded pool.
Castle : You could lay out, work on your tan.
Beckett : Wow, Castle, you're working really hard to see me in a swimsuit.
Castle : If you are not comfortable in a swimsuit, you can just skinny dip.
Esposito : Vic's a white male. Multiple gunshot wounds to the chest.
Esposito : Found him about an hour ago.
UNK: Mugging?
Esposito : Nah, still has his watch, wallet and cash.
Ryan : Then there's the matter of the phantom bullets.
Esposito : Yeah, he took five to the chest.
Esposito : There are no slugs, shell casings. And the killer went so far
Esposito : as to dig his bullets out of that tree branch.
Beckett : That's weird. What about in the body?
Lanie : They're all through and throughs. Exit holes on each wound.
Beckett : So, our doer cleaned up after himself.
Castle : It takes real presence of mind to put five bullets into a man's chest
Castle : and then keep your cool long enough to pick up after yourself.
Castle : Natural instinct is to run.
Castle : I would say we are most likely dealing with a highly trained assassin.
Beckett : - Time of death? - Based on temperature and lividity,
UNK: I'd say between 11 : 00 p.m. And 1 : 00 a.m.
UNK: -- [01 : - ID? - Shawn Caldwell.
Lanie : No driver's license, but according to his work ID
Lanie : he was a consultant for FGS in Midtown.
Beckett : Fastwater Global Services?
Castle : Sounds like a CIA front.
Ryan : Okay. Found these in his pocket.
Beckett : Company car keys. There's no house keys on the chain.