UNK: Liz Fenn : Andrea Fisher. If she was with him, maybe she knows where he went next.
Beckett : Recognize her?
UNK: Andrea Fisher : Oh, God. You both must think I'm so stupid,
UNK: Andrea Fisher : - the way that I acted in the cafe. - All part of the game.
UNK: Andrea Fisher : It's a vacation from yourself. That's what they say.
UNK: Andrea Fisher : I mean, don't get me wrong. You know, I love my husband
UNK: Andrea Fisher : and my kids, but every time I go away, I'm still a mom and a wife.
UNK: Andrea Fisher : My husband said, "If you can pay for it, you can go."
UNK: Andrea Fisher : So, it took a lot of coupon clipping, but I got to be a spy.
Beckett : Our victim, how well did you know him?
UNK: Andrea Fisher : We had a couple of tasks together, but we were always playing roles.
Beckett : You were with Mr. Farraday when he did the bus station drop?
UNK: Yeah. Yeah, we cracked the code, and we went to get our packages.
Beckett : - Do you know where he went next? - To deliver the briefcase.
Castle : Briefcase? What briefcase?
UNK: Andrea Fisher : It was in the locker. I didn't get one, so I assumed it was a bonus mission.
Beckett : Do you know what was in the briefcase?
UNK: Andrea Fisher : I don't know. You have to ask them.
Beckett : That was Jason from Spy Ventures.
Beckett : The only thing that was supposed to be in that locker was a pen set,
Beckett : which he put in there himself.
Beckett : He has no idea where that briefcase came from.
Castle : If the money and the briefcase weren't connected to the game,
Castle : maybe they're connected to each other.
Ryan : Hey. Victim's wife and business partner.
Ryan : They just ID'd the body.
Beckett : Can you check the lockers at the bus depot,
Beckett : - see if they're covered by cameras? - Yeah, sure.
Beckett : Please take a seat. - I don't want to sit down.
UNK: Melinda Farraday : They said it was safe. They said it was all pretend.
Beckett : We can't be sure that your husband's death
Beckett : had anything to do with the game, Mrs. Farraday.
Castle : Can you think of a reason someone would want to harm Roger?
UNK: Lee Copely : Roger was one of those guys everybody instantly liked.
UNK: Lee Copely : That's why he was so good at his job.
UNK: Lee Copely : We owned a dealership together just outside Stamford.
UNK: Lee Copely : You can't sell cars if people don't like you.
Beckett : Who else knew that he was gonna be in the city?
UNK: Melinda Farraday : Just Lee and I.
UNK: Melinda Farraday : Eight years, Detective.
UNK: Melinda Farraday : We were married for eight years.
UNK: Melinda Farraday : And now he's dead?
Beckett : You know, it used to be if you were gonna have a midlife crisis,
Beckett : you'd just buy a Ferrari, get a new girlfriend,
Beckett : even jump out of a plane.
Castle : Shot in the park, money in his car.
Castle : Makes you wonder what else he did to get his jollies.
Beckett : Now that we know who he really is,
Beckett : I've asked Esposito to look into his financials.
Beckett : Maybe we'll see a red flag somewhere.
Castle : Speaking of red flags.
Castle : - Hey, Demming. - Hey, Castle.
Demming : So, you know that little place in Asbury I was telling you about,
Demming : around the corner from our beach house?
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Demming : Well, they just had a reservation open up on Friday.
Demming : If we leave early enough, we could probably make it.
Beckett : Yeah, um, will you let me check into it?
Demming : Great. I'll see you later.
Demming : Beach house?
Castle : Thought you were working this weekend.
Beckett : Yeah, I'm sorry, Castle. I should've just told you.
Beckett : I just didn't want things to be awkward between us,
Beckett : now that Tom and I are together.
Castle : No, I get it. Yeah. No, you want your private life to be private.
Beckett : Yeah, I just don't... I don't want anyone to feel uncomfortable.
Castle : No, of course not. No, I mean...
Castle : Actually, that makes what I was gonna say a little easier.
UNK: Um... With my book due,
Castle : I was thinking it'd be a good time for us to take a break.
Castle : - A break? - Yeah.
UNK: God knows, you gotta be tired of me following you around all the time,
Castle : and I really do need to get some work done.
Castle : With everyone gone, I figured, why not just
Castle : stay up in the Hamptons, you know?
Castle : - Get away from the city for a while. - For how long?
Castle : The summer at least.
Castle : I thought this would be our last case.
Ryan : Hey. So, uh, we...
Esposito : - Everything okay? - Great.
Beckett : Yeah, fine. Uh, what'd you guys find?
Ryan : Surveillance stills from the bus locker.