Castle : You know, I can't help but be a little impressed with our boy Fletcher.
Beckett : Please tell me you're kidding.
Castle : Not on a personal level, just more of a professional one.
Castle : I mean, one storyteller to another. The guy's a master.
Beckett : He's a leech!
Beckett : He preys on innocent victims and ruins their lives.
UNK: Looks like our leech has jumped up to the major leagues.
Castle : What do you mean?
Ryan : One of Fletcher's identities was recently engaged to be married.
Esposito : To Elise Finnegan.
Castle : Wait, Finnegan. Where do I know that name?
Esposito : Her family owns half of Park Avenue South.
Ryan : Our lovely bride-to-be is worth a cool hundred million bucks.
Castle : Ooh! Now I'm really impressed.
UNK: Elise Finnegan : - He wasn't a con man. - I'm afraid he was, Elise.
Beckett : We've already uncovered two other scams and I'm certain we'll find more.
UNK: Elise Finnegan : No. No, I don't believe you.
Esposito : - Elise. - It's okay, Sue.
UNK: Mr Gerry Finnegan : They were getting married next weekend.
UNK: Mr Gerry Finnegan : Elise was so excited.
Castle : - How long did she know Fletcher? - Six months.
Beckett : That's quite the whirlwind romance.
UNK: Sue Vaughn : It was love at first sight. For both of them.
Beckett : So there were no clues that he was setting her up?
Beckett : Stories that didn't add up or bills he couldn't pay?
UNK: Gerry Finnegan : He insisted on paying for the wedding, even though the cost was substantial.
UNK: Gerry Finnegan : He seemed to live to make her happy.
Beckett : That's because making her happy was vital to his con.
UNK: Patty Schultz : You're wrong.
UNK: Elise Finnegan : I have been rich my whole life, Detective,
UNK: Elise Finnegan : so if there's one thing I've learned,
UNK: it's how to spot a man who's only interested in me for my money.
UNK: Elise Finnegan : Steven wasn't like that.
UNK: Elise Finnegan : He loved me for me.
Beckett : I can't believe how naive she's being.
Beckett : she still believes he loved her.
Castle : People see what they want to see. It's what con artists prey on.
UNK: It's really a kind of a psychopathy.
Beckett : To be so cold that you can look someone in the eye,
Beckett : tell them that you love them, and then rob them blind
Beckett : without the slightest remorse.
Castle : Whoa, I just flashed back to the eighth grade.
Castle : Sherry Ort. Broke my heart, stole my lunch money.
UNK: Beckett.
Castle : Then she laughed about it with her friends.
Beckett : - All right, thanks. - Well?
Beckett : No match on Fletcher's fingerprints. We still don't know his real identity.
Montgomery : What you got?
Beckett : Trying to find a clue to the con that killed Fletcher,
UNK: but it looks like our guy was a criminal over-achiever.
UNK: What?
Ryan : Oh. You know those Nigerian e-mail scams?
Castle : Oh, Fletcher didn't pull one of those?
Ryan : No, it looks like someone tried to pull one on him.
Ryan : Fletcher conned the guy out of 10 grand.
Esposito : - Man, our boy was good. - Damn good.
Beckett : Don't be so impressed. The guy was a criminal.
UNK: I don't know. There's something about a well-played con
Castle : that just makes you want to tip your hat, though.
Castle : And they have such great names.
UNK: The Spanish Prisoner, Pig-in-a-Poke, the Pigeon Drop.
Montgomery : Oh, I love a good con movie.
Esposito : "Not mother?"
UNK: Oh.
Ryan : How about you, Beckett? What's your favorite?
Beckett : I hate con movies.
UNK: Steven Fletcher : - What? - Really?
Ryan : At least. - Something like that.
Beckett : Because the only people that get conned
Beckett : in a con movie are the audience members.
Beckett : You can't invest in anything because nothing is real.
Castle : That's what makes it fun.
Beckett : Well, it wasn't fun to these kids.
Beckett : The ones from Wheeler's class who wrote to Fletcher.
Castle : "Dear Mr. Fletcher, when do polar bears sleep?"
Castle : "Dear Mr. Fletcher, do penguins really wear tuxedos?"
Ryan : Penguins are South Pole.
Montgomery : - Hey, these are 6-year-old kids. - And he scammed them.
Beckett : You guys still impressed by this dirtbag?
Castle : If you were just scamming these kids, why would you write them back?
UNK: 'Cause it's all part of the con.
Castle : Yeah. I'm not sure. I mean, if you were just a greedy monster,
Castle : would you really bother writing back to all of them?
Montgomery : - He's got a point. - Yeah.
Beckett : Now who's the sucker?
UNK: Sir.
Montgomery : Sucker or no sucker, clearly there's more to this guy than meets the eye.
UNK: Busted.
Beckett : Shut up, Esposito.
Beckett : All right, I'm gonna leave you guys to it.
UNK: Where are you going? It's early.
UNK: I've got plans.
Castle : - Oh, you have a date, don't you? - No.
Castle : You liar. Who's the unlucky guy?
Beckett : Yeah, right. See you guys in the morning.
UNK: - All right, see you tomorrow. Careful. - Yeah, see you.
Castle : - Okay, so who is it? - I don't know.
Ryan : - Got me. - So, she hasn't mentioned anyone?
Ryan : In case you haven't noticed, Beckett isn't exactly what you'd call a "sharer."
Esposito : Why do you care anyway, Castle?
Castle : Do you have some unresolved feelings?
Castle : For Beckett? The woman hates con movies.