Beckett : We don't actually see his murder.
Montgomery : The camera's already fallen when the shot went off.
Castle : And the body we have doesn't even have a face.
Beckett : But why?
Beckett : Fletcher was about to marry into an obscene amount of money.
Beckett : And the only other scam he had going was at the school.
Beckett : Why would he just jump ship and fake his death?
Castle : It's possible Agent Gray was lying to us about Fletcher to protect the mission.
Beckett : No, he wasn't in the CIA.
Beckett : The paper trail for the cons is way too extensive.
Beckett : There's something else that we're not seeing here.
UNK: Yeah?
Esposito : Yeah, one of Fletcher's credit cards was just used
Esposito : to buy a plane ticket. JFK to Jakarta, Indonesia.
Ryan : - He's making a run for it. - Why Indonesia?
Beckett : It's a non-extradition country. What time does the plane leave?
UNK: 5 : 00.
Beckett : Alert DHS and TSA.
Beckett : We'll coordinate a plan of attack on the way.
Esposito : Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait!
Esposito : We also got hits on five other identities.
UNK: Credit card reservations for flights out of Newark and LaGuardia.
Esposito : Car rental reservations out of New York and Philadelphia,
Esposito : and an Amtrak out of D.C.
Montgomery : He's trying to confuse his trail. Spread us thin.
UNK: Well, it's going to work. We don't have resources to cover that territory.
Castle : And these are just the IDs that we know about.
Castle : I guarantee you, he's got at least one identity we've never heard of.
Montgomery : So, he's gonna get away with this murder?
UNK: Jim Wheeler : - No. - What do you mean, "no"?
UNK: By the time we figure out his real escape route,
UNK: they'll be on a beach somewhere laughing at us.
Beckett : We don't need to figure out his escape route,
Beckett : because all roads lead to Elise.
Beckett : Why would he risk everything by calling Elise?
Beckett : Sir, I believe he really does love her
Beckett : and he was planning on running away with her.
Beckett : If we get to Elise, we'll find Fletcher.
UNK: Go!
UNK: You just missed her.
UNK: She left about 10 minutes ago, after she got another call.
Esposito : From Fletcher?
UNK: She wouldn't say, she just ran out the door.
UNK: But I think she might have written something down by the phone.
Castle : What's going on?
UNK: Try the old pencil trick where you rub it...
Castle : I know.