UNK: Private Investigator : After Mr. Finnegan hired me, I followed your boy night and day.
UNK: Private Investigator : It became clear pretty fast he was a grifter.
Martha : - Hello. - What?
Beckett : - Isn't that... - Jim Wheeler.
UNK: First-grade teacher, extraordinaire.
Beckett : - When was this taken? - Ten days ago.
Beckett : When Fletcher was supposed to be in the Arctic.
Castle : Looks like Mr. Wheeler was in on the scam.
UNK: Um...
UNK: Okay, I'm not gonna lie to you.
Castle : Really? 'Cause clearly, you're pretty good at it.
UNK: Jim Wheeler : Listen, I realized that Fletcher was faking it when I discovered
UNK: Jim Wheeler : that the pictures in his promotional booklet were photoshopped.
UNK: So, you figured you'd make a few bucks rather than,
UNK: I don't know, protect your students?
UNK: No. I know this sounds crazy, but the kids were learning.
UNK: Fletcher loved those kids and they loved him.
UNK: Sure, he was faking the trip, technically,
UNK: but he went out of his way to provide a dynamic, fact-filled presentation.
UNK: I just figured, if he was making money on it, why shouldn't I?
UNK: Nobody was getting hurt.
Beckett : He was scamming little kids, and you were his accomplice.
Beckett : Any jury in the world would convict you of that.
UNK: Jury?
UNK: Jim Wheeler : I didn't kill him, I was standing right here when he was murdered.
Beckett : Doesn't mean I won't prosecute you for criminal fraud.
UNK: Now, you wanna stay out of jail, you better point us towards Fletcher's killer.
UNK: Listen, I swear, I don't know who killed him.
UNK: Jim Wheeler : - Have you spoken to his partner? Partner?
UNK: Jim Wheeler : I guess that's who she was.
UNK: Jim Wheeler : She's in the picture.
UNK: Where?
Castle : - Hard to see. - Do you have a magnifying glass?
UNK: Better.
UNK: Who's conning whom here?
UNK: Help me out here, Elise.
Beckett : First you tell me that you have no idea that Fletcher is a con man.
Beckett : And then I find a picture of you witnessing him
Beckett : make a payoff during one of his scams.
UNK: Elise Finnegan : That's not what it was!
Beckett : - Then what was it? - I can't...
Beckett : Elise, the man that you loved is dead. I am trying to find his killer. Help me.
UNK: Elise Finnegan : Steven wasn't a con man.
Beckett : - Elise, we... - He wasn't.
UNK: Elise Finnegan : He was in the CIA.
Castle : - This is the best case ever. - Shut up.
Beckett : What makes you think he was in the CIA?
UNK: Elise Finnegan : A month after we started dating,
UNK: Elise Finnegan : he told me that he couldn't bear lying to me anymore.
UNK: Elise Finnegan : He wasn't really a corporate lawyer.
UNK: Elise Finnegan : He was a CIA agent on a top-secret case.