Beckett : Sue is Fletcher's partner.
Beckett : It's the Undercover Lover con. Sue is the scout.
Castle : She gets close to Elise first.
Castle : Learns everything there is to know, paving the way for Fletcher.
Beckett : Who comes in with a playbook of all of Elise's hopes and dreams
UNK: Steven Fletcher : No, no, no. Something doesn't quite track.
Castle : Why would they fake Fletcher's death in such a public way?
Castle : They had to know the police were gonna get involved,
Castle : exposing their con to a lot of dangerous scrutiny.
Beckett : Unless Fletcher really is dead.
Beckett : If her dad is right and Fletcher really fell in love with Elise...
Castle : And was going to give up his con man ways...
Beckett : Then Sue stood to lose a fortune by not finishing the con.
Beckett : And if Fletcher married Elise,
Beckett : then Sue had no chance of pulling off the con on her own.
Castle : So, Sue takes matters into her own hands.
Castle : She kills Fletcher, shooting him in the face,
UNK: - making sure positive ID is impossible. - Bingo!
UNK: Gayle Finnegan : But what about the phone call from Steven?
UNK: - Well, she must've faked it somehow. - Why?
UNK: Because...
UNK: Castle & Beckett : The con is still on!
Beckett : If Elise needed money, where would she go?
UNK: Gayle Finnegan : National Bank and Trust. 84th and Lexington.
UNK: Gayle Finnegan : - Thank you, Mrs. Finnegan. - Save these, they're evidence.
UNK: Elise Finnegan : Sue, is Steven okay?
UNK: Yeah, yeah. He would have called himself, but it wasn't safe.
UNK: Elise Finnegan : And he's sure that a million's going to be enough?
UNK: Sue Vaughn : It's enough to get you out of the country.
UNK: Elise Finnegan : - He's got money stashed overseas. - Oh, thanks, Sue.
UNK: - We need to hurry. - Okay.
UNK: Sue Vaughn : - Any problems? - No. No.
UNK: Miss Finnegan!
UNK: Bank Man : You forgot your phone.
Beckett : - Oh, thank you. - You're welcome.
UNK: Steven just called.
UNK: He wants me to drop the money at the safe house while you go pack.
UNK: He said to meet him at Grand Central at 9 : 00, after he does one last thing.
UNK: - And then you two can be together. - Here.
UNK: Sue Vaughn : - Good luck. - Thanks.
UNK: Newspapers?
UNK: I didn't think people read those anymore.
UNK: Out of the car, you.
Esposito : Come on, let me see your hands. Turn around.
Castle : You know, Detective Beckett here didn't think we could con a con artist.
Castle : But I told her you just weren't that smart.
Castle : You did, after all, fall for the oldest con in the book.
Castle : The Lazy Susan.
UNK: "The Lazy Susan"?
Castle : It's either that or the Grumpy Beaver. I always get them mixed up.
UNK: Detective!
Beckett : Thank you so much for your help.
UNK: Absolutely. It's my job to protect our clients.
Castle : Wow, whoa, hang on a second.
Castle : I thought you said you hated con movies.
Beckett : Oh, Castle, you are such an easy mark, aren't you?
Ryan : Hey, I got something.
Castle : When you see how it's done, it really takes the magic out of it.
UNK: Detective?
UNK: Is Steven really dead?
Beckett : I'm afraid so.
UNK: Elise Finnegan : Then it was all a lie.
Beckett : No, Elise. You need to know that Steven loved you very much.
Beckett : He changed his ways because you made him want to be a better man.
Martha : Thank you.
Castle : - No hot date tonight? - No, just the paperwork.
Castle : One of the many reasons I'm glad I'm not actually a cop.
UNK: Uh-huh.
Castle : - Have a good one. - Yeah, you, too.
UNK: Aha!
Beckett : Castle, what are you doing here?
Castle : - I knew you were reading it. - I...
Castle : - It's on page 105, by the way. - What?
Castle : That sex scene you're looking for. And Agent Gray was right. It's steamy.
UNK: Gerry Finnegan : - I wasn't... - See you tomorrow.