Esposito : You were right. Look what our little squirrel was hiding in the air vent.
Castle : Something tells me our Steven Fletcher wasn't actually Steven Fletcher.
Beckett : Multiple IDs usually indicates multiple cons.
Beckett : I'd say our killer is someone who Fletcher duped.
UNK: From the height of the bullet hole in the tent,
Lanie : I'd say our shooter was anywhere between 5'3" and six feet.
UNK: I guess that rules out the first-graders.
Ryan : Unless one was standing on another one's shoulders.
Esposito : - Hiding inside of a trench coat, maybe. - Diabolical, I like it.
Martha : Thank you.
Beckett : Lanie, I'm gonna need a rush on the fingerprints.
Beckett : We're gonna need to know who our victim really was.
UNK: Okay.
Beckett : Let's bag all of this, get it back to the station.
UNK: Jim Wheeler : - Right on. Mmm-hmm.
Ryan : Just like camp, huh?
UNK: Without climbing... Let it snow.
UNK: A couple of US passports.
Beckett : - Oh, thank you. - So, have you read it?
Beckett : - Read what? - The book.
Beckett : What book?
Martha : - Well? - I haven't gotten to it yet.
Castle : What do you mean you haven't gotten to it yet?
Beckett : I'm sorry. I've just been so busy with work, I haven't had time.
Castle : You were all over me to get a copy of that book.
Castle : Do you have any idea how many hoops I had to jump through,
Castle : just so my editor wouldn't send an armed guard
Castle : to watch over you while you read it?
Castle : The least you could do is to...
Castle : Oh. Oh!
Castle : I see what you're doing.
Beckett : - I'm not doing anything. - Oh, yes, you are. Yes, you are.
Castle : You're trying to push my buttons, but it's not gonna work.
Beckett : - Really? - Mmm.
Beckett : 'Cause it seems to be working just great.
Beckett : Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to input these IDs into ViCAP
Beckett : to see if any of Fletcher's other identities have been flagged.
Esposito : Where do you want all this stuff from Fletcher's apartment?
UNK: Jim Wheeler : Right here.
Castle : How come you have to carry everything?
Esposito : Ryan hurt his back.
Ryan : We checked with all of Fletcher's neighbors.
UNK: None of them could remember seeing anyone but Fletcher
Ryan : coming and going from the apartment.
Esposito : And we called Yale.
Esposito : Turns out Steven Fletcher does have a Ph.D. In Wildlife Biology. Only...
Castle : Only, their Steven Fletcher is a 7-foot tall albino.
UNK: No, a 300-pound Hawaiian, but close.
Ryan : You know what I don't get?
Ryan : Why go to so much trouble to create such an elaborate scam?
Ryan : Fletcher must have spent weeks going through all the prep work.
Beckett : I can give you 50,000 reasons why.
Castle : Yeah, but for con men it's not just about the money.
Castle : I mean, for them, it's about the game.
Castle : The thrill they get from pulling a con, it's like a drug high.
UNK: The con man was on drugs?
Beckett : No, sir. Castle is just giving us psychological insight
Beckett : based on his extensive experience as a fraud.
UNK: Meow!
Montgomery : Well, I just fielded several phone calls
Montgomery : from some very embarrassed private schools,
Montgomery : and they want this solved quickly and quietly.
Beckett : Unfortunately, it looks like our con man was running a whole slew of cons.
UNK: Unraveling all of them and finding the killer is going to take some time.
Castle : Or maybe not.
Beckett : One of Fletcher's aliases conned a woman named Patty Schultz
Beckett : out of her life savings about a year ago.
Montgomery : Sounds like a motive for murder to me.
Castle : Apparently, Ms. Schultz has spent several stints
Castle : in Greystone Park Psychiatric Hospital.
Castle : And none of them voluntary.
UNK: Straitjacket.
Beckett : - Mrs. Schultz, I'm Detective Beckett. - Is this about Sanchez?
UNK: Patty Schultz : 'Cause, you know, I only hit him
UNK: Patty Schultz : because he was drilling holes in the wall to watch me exercise.
Beckett : This isn't about Sanchez. This is about him.
Castle : Steven Fletcher, also known as Steven Miles.
UNK: Patty Schultz : - Are you arresting me? - Why would we arrest you?
UNK: Patty Schultz : Because I killed him.
Beckett : Mrs. Schultz, you've just confessed to a crime. I'm gonna read you your...
UNK: Patty Schultz : In my mind.
Castle : Did you just say you killed him in your mind?
UNK: Patty Schultz : I meditate. An hour every day. It...
UNK: Patty Schultz : Doctor's orders.
UNK: Patty Schultz : And all I think about are my cats and killing this son of a bitch.