Castle : You be safe.
Castle : - I don't trust him. - What? Why?
Castle : What do we really know about this guy?
Alexis : I know that he's an amazing violinist and a really great teacher.
Castle : Olga was a great teacher.
Alexis : Olga kept a tissue up her sleeve and smelled like hard candy.
Alexis : - What's this about, Dad? - I just don't think that you realize
Castle : that what you see is not always what you get.
Castle : I mean, how do you know that Dylan really goes to Juilliard?
Castle : - Did you call the school? - No...
Castle : - Check his transcripts? - No! But, Dad, I...
UNK: Okay, I don't think we should take any more lessons from this guy
Castle : until he's been properly vetted.
UNK: I want a credit check, school reports, maybe even a polygraph.
Alexis : Okay, you're officially out of control.
UNK: No! I'm not. And back me up here.
Martha : You want her violin teacher to take a lie detector test?
Martha : You're off the reservation, kiddo.
Castle : - Okay, you know what, you're cut off. - Dad.
Castle : No. You know what? I am the grown-up here.
Martha : Oh, this is scary.
Castle : And I say no more lessons from this guy until we've got him checked out.
UNK: What?
Alexis : I finally find a teacher that I connect with.
Alexis : Who's as excited about music as I am. Why are you trying to ruin it?
Castle : I'm not. I'm just... Hey!
Castle : What's going on with her?
Martha : Besides your unreasonableness? Hormones.
Martha : What's your excuse?
Beckett : Okay, Castle.
Beckett : What was so important that you had to cut my sparring session short?
Castle : Just that I cracked this case wide open.
Castle : You know, the thought of you fighting in a ring with another woman...
Castle : Strangely arousing.
Beckett : Who says I was sparring with a woman?
Beckett : - Oh, your mystery date. - Oh, do I detect some jealousy?
Castle : Me, jealous? Ha!
Castle : Double ha.
Beckett : What if I told you that my date was with your book?
UNK: Really?
UNK: No.
Beckett : God, you're easy.
Beckett : Give me your case-breaking information so I can get a cup of coffee.
UNK: Well, I went a little Daddy Dearest on Alexis.
Castle : And it got me thinking, if I can go this crazy over a violin teacher,
Castle : how crazy would I go if my daughter was about to marry a scam artist?
Castle : Crazy enough to kill, maybe.
Beckett : - That is... - Inspired?
UNK: Jim Wheeler : - No. - Brilliant?
Castle : - Genius? - Uh-uh.
UNK: Steven Fletcher : - What? - Thin.
Beckett : We don't have the slightest indication that Elise's father knew
Beckett : that Fletcher was a con artist.
Castle : Maybe not.
Ryan : But Castle here suggested
Ryan : that we check gun registration records for Gerry Finnegan.
Esposito : And guess who happens to own
Esposito : the same caliber handgun as our murder weapon?