Lily : You said you were gonna marry me that long ago?
Lily : That is so sweet.
Ted : That trip is when
Ted : Marshall and I became best friends.
Barney : With privileges, from the sound of it.
Mechanic : Eriksen.
Barney : Wow.
Barney : Looks like he really needs a hug.
Robin : Ted.
UNK: He said, uh, it would be at least 3,000 bucks
Marshall : To make it run again.
Marshall : And even then, there's no guarantee.
Ted : Well, it's a pretty old car.
UNK: I mean, you can keep prolonging its life,
Robin : But it's really mostly machine at this point.
Marshall : I know that it's a lot of money,
Marshall : But it's my fiero.
Marshall : You know?
Marshall : I'm about to graduate and take some sellout corporate law job,
Marshall : And without that fiero, I'm just another guy in a suit.
Barney : How dare you...
Marshall : Hey.
Marshall : I've been through so much in that car.
Marshall : The suicidal cat.
Marshall : Hitchhiking waldo.
Marshall : The homeless guy
Marshall : Who broke in through the window
Marshall : And threw up all over the backseat.
Robin : Lily, don't.
Robin : Be strong. Do not go all "prisoner's dilemma" on me.
Lily : The car's on its deathbed, robin.
Lily : I have to clear my conscience.
Marshall : Guys, what are you talking about?
Ted : Okay.
Lily : Shortly after we met robin,
Lily : She and I were jonesing for thai food from this one place.
Robin : An hour and a half delivery.
Robin : We can't wait that long.
Lily : I wish we could take the fiero,
Lily : But marshall has this insane no-food rule.
Robin : But thai food, lily.
Robin : Pad yum mao.
Robin : Tom kai gah.
Robin : Thai see ran.
Lily : Oh! You're just saying random syllables,
Lily : And it still sounds delicious.
Ted : Okay.
Lily : Here's what we'll do.
Lily : We'll drive over, pick it up,
Lily : Very carefully drive it back here with the windows open,
Lily : And he'll never know.
Lily : Wow, these brakes are really sensitive.
Lily : Oh, marshall is gonna kill me!
Lily : This and the difference between "affect" and "effect"
UNK: Are, like, the only two things he's really serious about.
Robin : Lily, it's gonna be fine.
Lily : No, it's not. Marshall's gonna freak.
Lily : Oh, god, oh, god.
Lily : What are we gonna do? Oh, god, oh...!
Robin : Shut up! Now, listen to me.
Robin : The clock is ticking.
Robin : Okay, first thing, we scoop up
Robin : All these little pieces of tofu and cabbage.
Robin : Next, what we need to take care of
Robin : Are the really messy parts... The pools that have collected.
Robin : We got to soak that soup up.
Robin : Last is the smell. We got to cover up
Lily : There's two in the glove compartment, but he's been
UNK: Saving them. Hand me those chopsticks.
UNK: Mmm.
Robin : Hey, how about some tunes?
UNK: ♪ ...Walk 500 miles
Robin : Oh, great song.
UNK: ♪ And I would walk 500 more
Lily : These cigars aren't helping at all. Yeah.
Robin : This was a terrible idea.
UNK: Mmm.
Lily : Now it just smells like a homeless guy threw up in here.
Marshall : The broken windows?
Lily : We had to make it look realistic.
UNK: Well, why did you break two of them?
UNK: Uh, it looked like fun when she did it.
Robin : So I wanted to try.
Marshall : Can't believe this whole time it was you guys.
Marshall : I've been blaming really tanned dancing leotard guy.
Lily : Marshall, I'm so sorry, but sharing that secret...
Lily : That's when robin and I became best friends.
Barney : Wow.
Mechanic : What a special car.
Mechanic : So, can I crush it into a little cube yet?
Marshall : I don't know.
Marshall : I don't know. I don't know.
Barney : Come on, marshall.
Barney : This is your fiero.
UNK: You know the right thing to do here.
Robin : Wow, barney, why do you love that car so much?