Ted : Kids, sometimes life forces us
UNK: Ted voix off : To be someone we didn't want to be.
UNK: Ted voix off : When that happens, we often try to hold on
UNK: Ted voix off : To a little piece of who we were.
UNK: Ted voix off : Maybe a tattoo.
UNK: Ted voix off : Or a piece of jewelry.
UNK: Ted voix off : A tiny souvenir that reminds us,
UNK: Ted voix off : "this is who I really am."
UNK: Ted voix off : Marshall's souvenir was not so tiny,
UNK: Ted voix off : But the more he found himself
UNK: Ted voix off : Being pushed toward the corporate world
UNK: Ted voix off : And away from his dream of saving the environment,
UNK: Ted voix off : The tighter he held on to that fiero.
Marshall : Hey.
UNK: One good thing : We're off the hook
UNK: For the folding party today. Hey.
Marshall : It's very important to both lily and me
Marshall : That there be a handmade origami crane
Marshall : In each of our wedding's...
UNK: 150...
Marshall : I couldn't even get through it. Thank god.
Ted : Hey, your car's going to be fine.
Ted : This is the best auto shop around.
Ted : Look at this certificate.
Ted : One of the mechanics here finished a 64-ounce steak.
Robin : We felt bad that you guys were missing
Robin : The super-fun origami folding party,
Robin : So we suggested moving it here.
Barney : We insisted.
Ted : Terrific.
Barney : How's the fiero?
Marshall : She's still in triage.
Ted : She?
Ted : I thought it was your little boy.
Lily : Oh, it goes back and forth.
Lily : It's sort of a tranny car.
Robin : How long have you had her... Slash him?
Marshall : My brothers handed it down to me when I was 16.
Robin : Oh, how nice of them.
Marshall : Not really.
UNK: Brother 1 : Congratulations.
UNK: Brother 2 : The fiero is yours.
UNK: Brother 2 : If you pass the final test.
Marshall : Come on!
Marshall : I already shaved my legs
Marshall : And swallowed five dollars in quarters.
Marshall : Only $4.50 has come out.
UNK: Brother 1 : Just go to the weinerburger drive-thru
UNK: Brother 1 : And get us 12 cups of coffee.
Marshall : That's it?
UNK: Brother 2 : Oh, yeah.
UNK: Brother 2 : But we get to decide what you wear.
Marshall : Agreed.
Marshall : Totally agreed.
UNK: ♪ I would walk 500 miles...
Man : You're naked.
Marshall : I'm aware of that.
UNK: ♪ ...Who'd walk 5,000 miles
Man : You have 50 cents?
UNK: ♪ And fall down at your door
Ted : No...
Marshall : Look, can I just have my coffee, please?
Man : Sorry, we're all out of trays and lids.
Man : Two tall guys just came through here a few minutes ago
Man : And bought 'em all.
Marshall : Oh.
Ted : And that is the origin
Ted : Of marshall's insane "no food or drinks in the fiero",
UNK: "Not even groceries" rule.
UNK: It is not insane. Barney.
Lily : That's like the third one in a row that you've screwed up.
Barney : Well, I'm trying, but it's... I... Look.
Lily : You fold twice to the middle, fold back and forth,
Lily : Pull the ends out, flip over, open the flaps,
Lily : Fold the edges, crease the front,
Lily : Fold in half, fold the wings down,
Lily : Push in the bottom corners, and fold the wings back out.
Lily : Or would you like one of my kindergartners to show you?
Barney : Wait, wait, wait.
Barney : Wait, I think I've got it.
Ted : No.
Lily : Forget it; the paper's too expensive.
Lily : You're out.
Barney : Aw, nerts.
Ted : The food rule is insane.
Ted : We could have died because of it.