Marshall : Adventures had.
Marshall : Horrors faced.
Marshall : That's why we have to get rid of it.
Barney : Yes!
UNK: What? What?
UNK: It's lived a great life and it deserves to die with dignity.
UNK: But 200,000... But
Marshall : That's life. You know?
Marshall : You never end up where you thought you wanted to be.
Marshall : I'm not helping the environment.
Marshall : Ted's not a philosopher.
Marshall : Lily's not
Marshall : A world-famous artist.
Marshall : Barney's never driven
Marshall : More than ten miles an hour.
UNK: I'm sure, has also experienced disappointment in her life.
Marshall : Maybe?
Marshall : And my fiero's not a fiero
Marshall : That went 200,000 miles.
Marshall : It's okay.
Marshall : You know?
Marshall : Those are old dreams.
Marshall : We'll get a new car
Marshall : And we'll fill that one up with new memories.
Marshall : And that'll be the car we had
Marshall : When we were first married.
Marshall : When we owned
Marshall : Our first house.
Marshall : Maybe even the first car our four kids remember.
UNK: Oh, that's so sweet.
Marshall : The first car our two kids remember.
UNK: Um, I would like to say good-bye.
Marshall : Oh.
Ted : You know what?
Ted : This fiero, it's effected all our lives.
UNK: Affected. That's what I said.
Marshall : Just making sure.
Marshall : Got us all a lot of places.
Marshall : I mean maybe it's time we return the favor.
Marshall : This fiero should have made it to 200,000.
Marshall : So, let's get it out that door.
Marshall : And we'll push it the last .7 miles.
Marshall : It'd do
Marshall : The same for us.
Maechanic : Hey, geniuses.
Maechanic : The back wheels are on blocks.
Maechanic : That car ain't going anywhere.
Marshall : Close enough!
All : Close enough!
UNK: Ted voix off : And so marshall said good-bye to his fiero.
UNK: Ted voix off : And as the car's final gift to us all,
UNK: Ted voix off : The money he got for scrap parts paid our bar tab
UNK: Ted voix off : For the next two nights.
UNK: Arrivederci, fiero!
UNK: You were the freaking giving tree of cars.
UNK: Aw, may you rust in peace.
Barney : Rot in hell, devil steed.
UNK: Ted voix off : And what better friend is there than that?
UNK: Hey, man. Bro.
Marshall : Have you heard this new song?
Marshall : I just got the cassingle.
Brother : Put it in.
UNK: ♪ I would walk 500 miles... Oh!
Marshall : I am never going to get sick of this song.
Marshall : Never, ever, never, never, ever.
Marshall : Yeah!
UNK: ♪ ...A thousand miles to fall down at your door... ♪