Cristina : Fifty-five-year-old woman with adenocarcinoma of the pancreas.
Cristina : Has had radiation therapy to reduce the tumor load.
Cristina : Rates her abdominal pain three out of ten.
Cristina : Positive nausea, but no vomiting. Diarrhea, hematochezia, melena,
Cristina : afebrile with T-max 37-2 and stable vital signs.
Cristina : Lab significant for a total ability of seven
Cristina : and elevated liver enzymes.
Burke : Thank you, Dr. Yang.
Liz : Aggressive little witch, isn't she?
Liz : She stole my chart during pre-rounds so she could scrub in on my surgery.
Liz : She's hoping for a Whipple.
UNK: Chief Webber : Well, actually, Liz, I was gonna give you to Meredith Grey.
Liz : Ellis's daughter?
UNK: Chief Webber : Yes, she's an intern this year.
UNK: Chief Webber : Thought you'd have something to talk about.
Liz : Oh, I doubt that.
Liz : I was Ellis's scrub nurse for 18 years, practically lived with that woman.
Liz : I didn't meet that daughter once.
Burke : Anyway, Shepherd has her on the guy with the nails in his head.
Cristina : There's a guy with nails in his head?
Burke : Seven of them.
Burke : Shot himself in the head with a nail gun.
Cristina : "Nail" nails?
Burke : Sixteen pennies, three and a half inches long.
Cristina : - Still alive? - Fully conscious.
Burke : Should be a pretty interesting surgery.
UNK: Chief Webber : But I guess you've got the Whipple.
Burke : I'm gonna need a full blood work-up and abdominal CT.
UNK: CTs are down this morning.
Burke : Then an MRI.
Burke : She needs an enema, an ERCP for a stent
Burke : and brush biopsy this afternoon.
UNK: Chief Webber : Take care of her. Liz is an institution around here.
Liz : Good call, doctor.
Liz : Grey's got the human two-by-four,
Liz : and you have the institution in need of an enema.
UNK: You'd say your health's been good recently?
Jorge : Maybe some headaches.
Jorge : Nothing compared to now.
Jorge : Sona, that's my wife.
Jorge : Sona, she'll say,
Jorge : "Why you think they call it a gun, moron?"
Jorge : She hates the damn things.
Meredith : With good reason.
Sona : - Baby? - [Jorge] Sona.
Jorge : You are in so much trouble.
Derek : Get a history from her before you scrub in.
Izzie : - OK. - Thank you.
UNK: Twenty-three.
George : People have been accidentally shot in the head with nails 23 times.
Alex : One was attempted suicide, doesn't count.
George : Oh, so he pointed a nail gun at his head on purpose?
George : That makes me feel better.
Alex : So, uh...
Alex : Grey and Stevens really walk around in their underwear?
George : Not all the time.
George : I mean, some of the time, you know.
George : But not all the time.
Alex : Sexy underwear?
George : Yeah. I mean...
UNK: [Alex] And they just, uh, let you look at them?
UNK: Well, uh... yeah.
Alex : Like sisters.
UNK: No, well, not like sisters. [laughing]
George : I don't think of them as sisters.
Alex : But they're not coming on to you.
George : - Not exactly. - They don't expect you to do anything.
MVO : No.
Izzie : But...
Alex : Like sisters.
Alex : Just like sisters.