Izzie : I'm a physician, a surgeon.
Izzie : And I am just as qualified as any other intern on this floor.
Izzie : So, you're just gonna have
UNK: to get over your chauvinist crap and allow me to do my job.
UNK: Mr. Humphrey : I'm sure you're a very good doctor.
Izzie : Then what is your problem?
Izzie : Look...
UNK: Mr. Humphrey : I fantasized about you...
UNK: Mr. Humphrey : ...about the woman in this photo, whoever she is.
UNK: Mr. Humphrey : I'm not proud of it, but it's a fact.
UNK: Mr. Humphrey : Do you know what they're gonna do to me today?
UNK: Mr. Humphrey : I have cancer.
UNK: Mr. Humphrey : And they're gonna lift up my legs and expose me to the world
UNK: Mr. Humphrey : and cut out my prostate and my nerves,
UNK: Mr. Humphrey : effectively neuter me.
UNK: Mr. Humphrey : So, is it so hard to understand
UNK: Mr. Humphrey : that I don't want the woman who's in that photo to witness...
UNK: Mr. Humphrey : ...my emasculation?
Cristina : - Have you seen her overnight labs? - I have.
Cristina : - Did you check her liver panel? - They're not good.
Cristina : No, they suck. She's choking on bile.
Cristina : - She's jaundiced. - A very sick woman.
Cristina : Why haven't you scheduled the Whipple?
Burke : Well, are you a surgeon now?
Cristina : I'm her cruise director, pushing her around all day.
Cristina : The woman is circling the drain. We need to do something.
Burke : I'll take a look at her biopsy.
Cristina : Screw the biopsy.
Burke : - Dr. Yang... - Enough.
UNK: You know... I... I... You know what I think?
Cristina : I think you never intended to do the Whipple.
Cristina : I think this entire thing has been bull,
Cristina : and you're behaving like the only reason she's in this hospital is to die.
UNK: [Derek] There. That's a tumor.
Derek : It's midline near the hypothalamus.
UNK: - [Sighing] - Damn.
Derek : Best practice, probably to remove the tumor.
Derek : "Probably" because I can't get it all. Ninety-nine percent, but not all of it.
Derek : Radiation and chemo,
Derek : you're looking at maybe five to ten good years.
Jorge : Let's do it.
Derek : You haven't heard the downside.
Derek : See, the tumor is located in a part of your brain
Derek : where your memory and your personality resides.
Derek : And because of the fuzzy edges of this type of tumor,
Derek : I have to cut out a lot.
Derek : Jorge, you stand a good chance of losing your memories,
Derek : - of losing who you are. - [Sona] Is there any other way?
Derek : The alternative is gamma or cyberknife treatment with focus radiation.
Derek : It's less evasive.
Derek : There's little chance of memory loss or him losing himself,
Derek : but it would only give Jorge maybe three to five years.
Sona : Three to five years?
UNK: [Sniffling]
UNK: [Derek] This is an incredibly difficult decision.
Derek : If you have any more questions or you need to talk to me, I'm here, OK?
UNK: [Breathing heavily]
Bailey : Hey.
UNK: [Meredith] I told my mother about you.
Meredith : She remembers you very well.
Liz : Of course she would.
Liz : Ellis Grey never forgot a thing.
UNK: [Chuckling] Mmm.
Meredith : I'm sorry. It's not really funny.
Meredith : It's not funny, but...
Liz : What's her diagnosis?
Meredith : Alzheimer's,
Meredith : early onset.
Liz : And she doesn't want anyone to know.
MVO : No.
Meredith : She's in a nursing home,
Meredith : and I'm the only person she'll allow to see her.
Liz : But if I know Ellis Grey,
Liz : she made the nursing home sign a contract to that effect.
Meredith : You know my mother well.
Liz : What a bitch.
UNK: [Both laughing]
UNK: [Izzie] The woman's life was this hospital.
Izzie : It was her home. It's a sweet thing for them to do.
Cristina : It's a waste of a bed, and it's a waste of my time.
Meredith : Who are we talking about?
Liz : Liz Fallon. They brought her here to die.
Izzie : Wouldn't you want the same thing for you?
UNK: No, I'd want the doctors to do everything they could.
UNK: I want them to cut me open until the minute I die.
Meredith : Sometimes doing everything can be worse than nothing.