Beckett : But I still have to operate under the assumption that she's lying.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : While she was in here, I pulled a National Security Certificate.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Her house has just been bugged.
UNK: She'll be under surveillance 24l7.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : If she's hiding something, we'll find it.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : It's important that she believes I think she's telling the truth.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : You did good.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : She considers you an ally. That could be helpful later.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Thanks for playing, Beckett.
Castle : but originated in
UNK: Afghanistan.
Ryan : Oh! Got a visitor at C-4-1-2 six hours before you and Beckett got there.
Esposito : This is the break we've been looking for.
Ryan : That crate looks heavy.
Castle : It's all the lead shielding.
Castle : That's Amir's cousin, Jamal.
Castle : And he has the bomb.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Jamal Alhabi.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : He had his cousin Amir fashion a dirty bomb,
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : and then he killed him.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : He's most likely the leader of our terrorist cell.
UNK: Less than 12 hours ago, he disappeared
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : along with the bomb.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Now, at minimum,
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : he'd need a van or an SUV to transport it.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Jamal owns a moving company, so check his trucks.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Pull traffic video, work his financials.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Folks, we live here.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Our families. Our loved ones. Our neighbors.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : I don't have to tell you what's at stake.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Let's find him.
Castle : Can I talk to you a second?
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : What's your take on Fallon?
Beckett : Smart cop, driven, killer instinct.
Beckett : As a person, kind of a douche.
Castle : Open-minded douche?
Beckett : No. Why?
Castle : The key to any good story is authenticity.
Castle : It's making it feel real for the reader.
Castle : That's why writers work so hard making the details right.
Castle : Jamal and Amir as terrorists?
Castle : The details are not right.
Beckett : Yeah, but the evidence is, Castle.
Beckett : We've got Jamal on video wheeling off a dirty bomb.
Castle : Why wasn't he nervous?
Castle : Why wasn't he sweating bullets every time he hit a bump?
Castle : Jamal owned a moving company.
Castle : What if he didn't know what was in the crate?
UNK: What if he was just hired to pick it up?
UNK: What if he's just a cold-blooded killer?
UNK: Well, nothing we've learned points to that with either of these men.
Beckett : Okay, what about that money that Amir received?
Beckett : The money that you traced back to Afghanistan.
UNK: To a bank outside Bagram Airbase often used by military personnel.
Castle : Why would a terrorist pick that bank to wire money?
Beckett : Castle, the keys that we used to open that storage unit
Beckett : are from Amir's keychain.
Castle : The killer could've put the key there.
UNK: All these bread crumbs that have led us to Amir and Jamal.
Castle : What if they were left there for us to find?
UNK: Castle...
Castle : Something else is going on here.
Beckett : Okay, fine, what would you like us to do?
Castle : Talk to the one person who has a different view of Amir.
UNK: But I'm going to need your help.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Jamal bought these trucks over two months ago.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : It's a perfect cover for moving material without anyone noticing.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Where's the list of his employees?
Esposito : Just came in. Nine guys, all Middle Eastern.
UNK: All right, they're all probably part of the cell.
UNK: Let's get their twenties and then move on them.
Ryan : Got a purchase on Jamal's credit card three weeks ago for a burner phone.
UNK: Run it down. Let's see if we can pull up any recent activity.
Beckett : Jamal's moving trucks are parked in a lot in Queens.
Beckett : They're all accounted for except for one five-ton.
Beckett : And the log says Jamal checked it out 12 hours ago,
Beckett : never brought it back.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : He must've used it to move the crate.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Call in that alert. Let's find the truck.
Ryan : Hey, where's Castle?
UNK: I don't know. Must have stepped out.