UNK: Wait. How are we going to get it open?
Beckett : Well, if all else fails...
Castle : For reasons too disturbing to mention, I find that hot.
Beckett : Or, I grabbed Amir's keys from Property.
Beckett : So, hopefully, this is his locker.
Castle : Which it is. What do you think is in there?
Craig : I don't know. May be empty, like Al Capone's vault.
Castle : No, think of all the amazing things
Castle : that are found in storage units at times like this.
UNK: "Ark of the Covenant, Dr. Jones?"
UNK: Well, the Ark of the Covenant was in a crate.
UNK: Oh!
Beckett : Plastic explosives.
UNK: - Castle. Get out! Get out! Go! - What? Why?
UNK: Leman Jones : I don't...
Beckett : Castle, back away from the door. Just get away!
UNK: What is going on? What is that thing, Kate?
UNK: This is Detective Kate Beckett, badge number 0-3-3-4.
UNK: I've been exposed to high levels of radiation.
UNK: We need Emergency Services right away.
UNK: Can't just... Kate!
Castle : Just at least tell me how serious it is!
Ryan : - How badly did they get hit? - We don't know.
Montgomery : But the best way for us to help them is to keep working on this case.
Montgomery : Now our murder victim had a key to this storage unit.
Montgomery : So he was into a lot more than driving a taxi.
Montgomery : Dig deep into Amir Alhabi. Let's get his wife and his cousin in here.
Montgomery : Meanwhile, I'll call the Syrian Consulate
Montgomery : and find out why Amir had contact with the head of security.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : They won't talk to you.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Whatever Alhabi was into, the Syrians don't want it blowing back on them.
Montgomery : Excuse me, who are you?
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : You must be Captain Montgomery.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : I'm Mark Fallon, Department of Homeland Security.
UNK: DHS sent me down here to act as a liaison.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : I understand you have a situation.
Castle : Those HAZMAT teams,
UNK: they're only staying in the building for about a minute at time.
Beckett : Maybe it's just standard protocol.
Castle : Yeah, or maybe it's just too hot in there to handle.
Castle : That radiation detector of yours, does it have a scale on it?
UNK: You know, like from "Chest X-ray" to "Chernobyl?"
Beckett : Maxed out.
UNK: Oh.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : - Where are we on his wife and cousin? She's on her way in.
UNK: According to a neighbor, Jamal went out drinking.
Montgomery : We're trying to track him down.
UNK: Amir had the nuclear material for himself
UNK: or he was holding on to it for someone else.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Either way, odds are, that's what got him killed.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Check his phone records against the Terror Watch List.
Montgomery : We're already doing that. Excuse me.
UNK: Yeah.