UNK: Fariq Yusef : Off the record or not,
UNK: Fariq Yusef : why should I talk to you about Amir Alhabi?
Castle : Because the last thing you want
Castle : is my country thinking your country is behind his activities.
UNK: Fariq Yusef : Nothing is further from the truth.
Castle : Well, then maybe you can help clear this up.
Castle : Amir was in your nuclear program. So, he was an asset.
UNK: Did you have him watched?
UNK: Fariq Yusef : It's my business to stay informed.
UNK: Did you ever see any evidence of terrorism?
UNK: No.
Ryan : But then, what other answer could I give you?
Castle : Why were you at Amir's home?
UNK: Fariq Yusef : To chat with him.
UNK: Fariq Yusef : I am adept at violence, but it wasn't called for.
UNK: Fariq Yusef : I met with Amir from time to time to remind him of his history.
Castle : To convince him to come back.
Castle : Back to the weapons program.
UNK: Fariq Yusef : Amir did vital research for us.
UNK: Fariq Yusef : But he left because he had moral qualms about his work.
UNK: Fariq Yusef : Normally, money can overcome such obstacles.
UNK: Fariq Yusef : Not so with Amir.
Castle : What happened on that cab ride?
UNK: Fariq Yusef : Amir sought me out.
UNK: Fariq Yusef : He was quite angry.
UNK: He believed that I had placed $ 10,000 in his account
UNK: Fariq Yusef : as a way of pressuring him.
UNK: Fariq Yusef : But he was mistaken.
Castle : Wait a minute. You're saying Amir didn't know
Castle : where the money came from?
UNK: Fariq Yusef : It's nice speaking to you, Mr. Castle.
UNK: Fariq Yusef : As events unfold,
UNK: Fariq Yusef : you may find yourself in need of a man with my skills.
UNK: Fariq Yusef : If such a moment arises.
Castle : Do you realize what this means?
Beckett : If Amir didn't know about the money,
UNK: then he couldn't have been paid to build that bomb.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Can I speak with the two of you, please?
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : I like to cover my bases.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : So you can imagine my surprise when I find out
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : one of our own is having a non-fat latte
UNK: with the suspect in this investigation.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : I have agents on Fariq Yusef.
UNK: If you just allow me explain.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : I don't even know what you're doing here.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : And you go and talk to a foreign official?
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : What if the Syrians are behind this?
Castle : Do you have any idea what you've done?
Castle : Jamal and Amir are not terrorists. You're chasing the wrong guys!
Castle : Do you have any idea how many laws you've broken?
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : I ought to have you arrested.
UNK: Sir, I think what Castle's trying...
Montgomery : Detective Beckett, did you know about this?
Beckett : Yes, I did.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Well, that's disappointing.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : In the interest of national security,
UNK: I'm going to have to have the both of you removed from this task force,
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : - do you understand? - Sir.
Montgomery : Beckett's the best I have.
Montgomery : Now Castle can be a pain in the ass, but he thinks outside the box.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : It's not your party anymore, Captain.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : I'll have my agents escort you out.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : And Castle.
Castle : The governor.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : He's never heard of you.
Beckett : Where are Alexis and Martha?
Castle : I sent them out of town.
Beckett : Do they know why?
UNK: No. Did you get a hold of Josh?
UNK: I couldn't get through to his cell. He's probably already on the plane.
UNK: A 600 thread-count shower curtain murder board.
Castle : I snapped a photo of it as we were being thrown out.
Castle : And, here,
UNK: I have Amir's driving data.
UNK: It's like our own mini precinct.
Beckett : - Except it smells better. - Thank you.
Beckett : Castle, even if Amir is innocent, Jamal isn't.
Castle : His guilt is predicated on Amir being a terrorist.
Castle : Without that, Jamal's just another guy moving a crate.
Castle : This all comes back to Amir.
Castle : What we need to do, is solve his murder.
Esposito : This is a photo off the moving company's website.
Esposito : This is the exact truck we're looking for.
UNK: All right, send it downtown.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Get it circulated to every officer on duty.
UNK: - All right. - Sir, you better have a look at this.
UNK: What do you got?
UNK: Tech just got me locked on to Jamal's burner phone.
UNK: It looks like he just sent a text to another burner.
UNK: How many choppers do you have in your fleet?
Ryan : - Seven. - All right.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : This truck could be parked with a bomb set to go off,
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : just like Oklahoma City.
UNK: Coordinate a street-by-street grid search.
Castle : Amir overhears a terrorist plot.
Castle : He installs cameras to gather evidence.
Castle : Only, they found out and they killed him.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : That means that a passenger was involved.
Beckett : A regular passenger.
Castle : Right. And they mentioned the storage facility,
Castle : which is where he got the C-4-1-2-1-6-5-2.
Beckett : But why would a passenger talk about the storage unit in front of Amir?
Beckett : Especially if they were going to frame him?
Castle : Maybe we're going about this all wrong.
Castle : You are right.
Castle : A passenger wouldn't openly discuss a terrorist plot.
Castle : But a driver might,
Castle : in the car, to a collaborator,
Castle : alone, on the phone.
Castle : What if Amir suspected another driver?
Castle : Okay, here is Kevin McCann's last shift.
UNK: This is a day before the murder.
Castle : And look at that.
Castle : He stopped near the storage facility where they kept the cobalt 60.