UNK: Nazihah Alhabi : He said that the man had mistaken him for someone else.
Beckett : Amir clearly knew the guy. Why would he lie to her?
Castle : How does he end up dead the same day this guy rides in his cab?
UNK: Beckett.
Esposito : We just got a hit on our canvass for the mystery passenger.
Beckett : We got a name on that face?
Esposito : Not yet, but he's a big fan of this coffee shop on 14th.
Esposito : He shows up every afternoon for an espresso at 2 : 00.
Beckett : Sir. In the cream suit. Stop!
Beckett : NYPD. Turn around.
Beckett : It's a 9mm. Just like our murder weapon.
Beckett : You have a concealed weapons permit?
UNK: Fariq Yusef : Inside left pocket of my jacket. Along with my credentials.
UNK: "Fariq Yusef. Syrian Consulate."
UNK: Fariq Yusef : At your service.
Beckett : Put your hands down.
UNK: Fariq Yusef : Thank you.
Beckett : Two days ago, you were driving in a cab with Amir Alhabi.
Beckett : He's been murdered.
UNK: Fariq Yusef : I am saddened to hear that.
Beckett : You were in that cab for half an hour.
UNK: What's the nature your relationship?
UNK: Fariq Yusef : I have diplomatic immunity.
UNK: - You have no standing to question... - Who killed him? Was it you?
UNK: ...or detain me. - Answer my question.
Beckett : Did you kill him?
UNK: Fariq Yusef : I'd like my pistol, please.
Beckett : You can collect it at the 12th Precinct.
UNK: Fariq Yusef : So I shall.
Ryan : He's a member of the secret police.
Castle : Well, he's probably broken a few fingers in his day.
Beckett : And Yusef also owned a 9mm gun,
Beckett : which was the same kind of gun that killed Amir.
UNK: Maybe Yusef recruited Amir, drew him into the shadowy world of espionage.
Castle : Once he finished his mission, his fate was sealed.
Castle : Yusef killed him to tie up loose ends,
Castle : and then took the data drive containing the explosive revelations.
UNK: And that would be why, exactly?
Castle : I'm still thinking on that. But it's a perfect fit.
Esposito : Yeah, except that Fariq Yusef isn't the killer.
Castle : Are you sure? Because that would ruin a perfectly good theory.
Esposito : Yeah. The night Amir was killed,
Esposito : Fariq was with the Syrian ambassador at a soccer game at Bennett Field.
Esposito : There are photos online to prove it.
Beckett : Which brings us back to square one.
Beckett : Okay, so Amir and Yusef take a tour of Lower Manhattan.
Beckett : And then later on that same night,
Beckett : he calls his wife, tells her that he's still working,
Beckett : and instead went up to Washington Heights.
UNK: Then he ends up dead at the warehouse
Esposito : with the data drive ripped out.
UNK: C-4-1-2-1-6-5-2.
Castle : Amir took his cab down St. Nicholas Ave to the 1600 block.
Castle : He parked mid-block.
UNK: So?
Castle : So I'm just thinking the 1652 part of C-4-1-2-1-6-5-2 is an address.
Castle : What's at St. Nicholas Ave, at 1652?
Ryan : North Manhattan Storage.
Beckett : C-4-1-2 is a storage unit.
Castle : Murder, political intrigue, cash payments.
Castle : And now a mysterious storage locker?
Castle : Oh, this is too good.