Montgomery : Just so I'm clear,
Montgomery : are you taking over?
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : This is your case. I'm just here to lend support however I can.
UNK: Yo, Cap. ICE just sent over the immigration papers for Amir Alhabi.
Esposito : He got a degree in electrical engineering
Esposito : from a school in Damascus.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : What was he working on in Syria?
Ryan : I got that one.
Ryan : I just spoke with the State Department.
Ryan : They debriefed Amir when he first landed here.
Ryan : They say he was working on a weapons program for the Syrians.
Montgomery : Nuclear weapons?
Ryan : - Yeah. Okay.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Now I'm taking over.
Castle : It's a bomb.
UNK: There's a nuclear bomb in that locker.
Beckett : Castle, we don't know that it's a bomb.
UNK: Well, we will, soon as it goes off.
Castle : In that nanosecond before we're vaporized.
Castle : I'm sorry.
UNK: It's just the writer in me going to worst-case scenario.
Beckett : Can we just talk about something else?
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : How's Josh?
UNK: Fine.
UNK: He's...
Beckett : He's on his way to Haiti
Beckett : to do another Doctors Without Borders mission.
Castle : How long?
Craig : I don't know.
Beckett : It's so funny, Castle. You know, at first,
Beckett : I loved that he was so busy. It just...
UNK: It just gave me an opportunity to keep one foot out the door, just in case.
Castle : But with one foot out the door, it's hard to know where you stand.
Beckett : And even if I did, I mean, what does it mean?
Beckett : He's out there, he's saving people. How do you even compete with that?
Castle : You can't. No. No one can.
Beckett : That's one of the things that attracted me to him the most.
UNK: That passion. That drive.
Beckett : Why is it that the thing that attracts you to a person
Beckett : always ends up being that thing that just drives you crazy?
Beckett : I just wish that it...
Beckett : I wish that I had someone who would be there for me,
Beckett : and I could be there for him,
UNK: and we could just dive into it together.
UNK: Hazmat Specialist : You're free to go.
Montgomery : We are?
Beckett : What about the radiation?
UNK: Hazmat Specialist : We found residual traces of cobalt 60 in the storage unit.
UNK: Hazmat Specialist : Not enough to cause any health problems.
Montgomery : Detective Beckett. Castle. We're all real glad you two are okay.
Beckett : Thanks, sir, so are we.
Beckett : I'm confused, though. Is this just a false alarm?
Montgomery : Not exactly.
Montgomery : If you're up to it, we really could use you back at the precinct.
Montgomery : I can fill you in on the way.
Castle : Those traces of cobalt 60. Where did they come from?
Montgomery : We think there was a second crate at the storage unit,
Montgomery : which contained large quantities of cobalt 60.
UNK: We found wire and crimp-on connectors which leads us to believe
Montgomery : the crate was outfitted with explosives.
Castle : - A bomb. - A dirty bomb.
Beckett : Where is it now?
Montgomery : That's what we're trying to find out.
Alexis : Hey, Dad. Late night?
Castle : Still going. I just came back to change my clothes.
Martha : Well, bid my ego adieu. I'm off to the Oasis.
Martha : Minus Alexis, thanks to you.
UNK: Actually, I change my mind about that.
Castle : - You have? - You have?
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : I think it's important you have time together.
Martha : Oh! My faith in you is restored.
Alexis : Dad, what about my Physics test? I can't just leave.
Castle : Yeah, sure you can. Just take them with you.
UNK: I haven't packed or anything. I can't...
Martha : Honey, everything is provided there. We're going to have so much fun!
Martha : Come on, let's get a bag.
UNK: Go. It'll be good for you.
Montgomery : let me remind you not to discuss it with anyone.
Montgomery : Not even family.
Montgomery : We can't afford to have word leak out and cause a panic.
Montgomery : Let me turn this over to Agent Fallon.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Thank you, Captain.
UNK: All right, folks, here's what we know.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Amir Alhabi built a bomb in storage unit C-4-1-2.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : It's a dirty bomb, designed to explode and disperse
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : a highly radioactive cobalt 60.
UNK: And that bomb is missing.
UNK: I called Jenny to tell her I'd be late.
UNK: I tried to get her to go visit her mom.
Esposito : Yeah, I did the same thing with Lanie.
UNK: It didn't work. She hates her mom.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : interview facility employees. Check surveillance video.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : You know the drill.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : We find the person who moved the bomb,
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : we'll find where it is.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Let's get on it.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Mr. Castle, I'd like to thank you for your fine work on this case.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : However, I can't have civilians on the front lines.
Castle : It's as though I'm getting a raise and getting fired at the same time.
Esposito : Except that you don't actually work here.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : It's for your own protection.
Castle : Well, my friend, the governor, will be very disappointed to hear it.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Just try and stay out of the way.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Detective Beckett, a word?
Castle : He doesn't trust me.
Montgomery : Or anyone else. Nature of the job.