UNK: And once in a while, if you were here, that would be great.
UNK: Fariq Yusef : - Thank you. - Bye-bye.
Castle : - Hey. - Hey.
Castle : What brings Motorcycle Boy here?
Castle : Dr. Motorcycle Boy.
Beckett : Does he need a reason?
Castle : It just looked personal.
Beckett : It was. Where are we on those hidden cameras?
Montgomery : Just that they were installed by a pro.
Montgomery : Techs are running the serial numbers now to find out where they came from.
Montgomery : A guy with surveillance in his cab, too much money in his pocket,
Montgomery : the whole thing feels hinky.
Ryan : Based on his financials, it looks hinky, too.
UNK: The guy had medical bills up the wazoo.
Ryan : But then there's this. From five days ago.
UNK: A cash deposit for $ 10,000?
Castle : What's a struggling cab driver doing with that kind of cash?
UNK: Yo, I just found something weird.
UNK: I logged into Amir's GPS account to track where he drove the day he died.
UNK: At 4 : 07 pm, Amir picked up a cash fare at 15th and Avenue of the Americas.
Castle : What's weird about that?
Esposito : Well, the passenger rode for 26 minutes,
Esposito : then got dropped off at the same corner where Amir picked him up.
UNK: Now, who would pay 30 bucks to go in a circle?
Beckett : Someone who wanted to talk to Amir.
Montgomery : Check those traffic cameras, see if we can get a look at that passenger.
Esposito : On it, Captain.
UNK: Sir.
Montgomery : We got a match on those cameras hidden in Amir's cab.
UNK: The cameras were ordered a week ago by a Techno-Pro Systems.
Craig : I don't know what you guys are talking about.
Craig : I didn't install any hidden cameras.
Beckett : Your name's on the purchase order.
Castle : As is your signature.
Beckett : You violated the Expectation of Privacy Act.
Beckett : Do you know that I can arrest you for that?
Craig : Yeah. I mean, I mean, no.
Castle : Or you could just tell her
Castle : who hired you to install the surveillance equipment.
Craig : I promised him I'd keep it on the DL.
Castle : - Who hired you? - Amir Alhabi.
Castle : - You put it in for Amir? - Yeah.
Beckett : Why would he have you put cameras in his cab?
Craig : Security reasons. That's all he said.
Esposito : Yo, Cap!
UNK: Got a break on our mystery passenger
UNK: off a traffic cam near where Amir dropped the guy off.
Esposito : Notice anything?
Montgomery : He's carrying.
Esposito : Yeah, he's not police. Suit's way too fancy.
Montgomery : Canvass where this was taken. See if anyone knows who he is.
UNK: Nazihah Alhabi : I keep track of the expenses for the cab.
UNK: Nazihah Alhabi : There was never any bill for cameras.
UNK: What about the $ 10,000?
UNK: Nazihah Alhabi : The first time I heard about the money is today.
UNK: Nazihah Alhabi : I can't imagine where it came from.
Beckett : Money, cameras, Washington Heights.
Beckett : Nazihah, your husband was clearly hiding something from you.
Beckett : Do you have any idea what it was?
UNK: Nazihah Alhabi : No. No, I don't understand this at all.
UNK: Okay. Do you recognize this man?
Beckett : He rode in your husband's cab.
UNK: Yes. Yes. He was here.
Esposito : - When? - Last week.
UNK: Nazihah Alhabi : He and Amir were talking in the street.
Castle : - Who was he? - I asked Amir.