Castle : So, how can I help?
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Amir's wife. How did she seem during the interview?
Beckett : Like a woman who had just lost her husband.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Did she appear truthful?
UNK: Mmm-hmm. At the time, she did.
UNK: I'm going to want you in there with me, okay?
Castle : I think it's important she sees a friendly face.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : If I go over the line, you just reel me back in.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : That's a nice touch.
UNK: What?
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : The baby.
Beckett : Nazihah, this is Agent Fallon.
UNK: Nazihah Alhabi : Do you have news about Amir's case?
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : As a matter of fact, I do.
UNK: That $ 10,000 was wired into Amir's account.
Ryan : Which means it can be traced.
Ryan : Pull up the Track Fund database
Ryan : and put in the routing and account numbers.
UNK: Oh!
Ryan : Just downloaded footage of unit C-4-1-2 for the last 48.
Ryan : Hopefully that's when somebody stopped by.
UNK: - An Arab terrorist. Who'd believe it? - Think back, bro.
Castle : That's my point. It's been done.
Ryan : Which means it's tried and true.
Esposito : Not this time.
Castle : Maybe it's not what we think. That 10,000 that was wired in,
Castle : it's from a bank in Dearborn, Michigan, from a James Smith.
UNK: It's the most common name in America. It's probably bogus.
Ryan : Plus, there's a major Middle Eastern population in Dearborn.
Castle : Four minutes before it was transferred out,
Castle : it was transferred in from
Castle : James Smith, Texas Southern Bank.
UNK: Whoever sent that 10 grand covered his tracks
Ryan : by daisy-chaining the money through different banks.
Castle : Didn't cover them that well if I can follow them.
UNK: I bet Amir's wife could shed some light.
Esposito : And I hope that Fallon's going all Jack Bauer on her ass.
Ryan : Maybe she didn't know.
Esposito : They were together, bro.
Esposito : Could you be a terrorist without Jenny knowing?
UNK: Nazihah Alhabi : He loved this country.
Beckett : And yet he was in possession of...
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Where's the bomb, Mrs. Alhabi?
UNK: Nazihah Alhabi : I told you, I know nothing about a bomb.
UNK: Nazihah Alhabi : Amir would never do such a thing. Why would he?
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : He needed the cash.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : That baby of yours is a money pit.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : The bills started piling up, he got in bed with the wrong people.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : I need you to tell me who they were.
UNK: Nazihah Alhabi : I swear to you, I don't know...
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : How can you not know
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : the man you're sharing a bed with is a terrorist?
UNK: You're a part of this!
UNK: Nazihah Alhabi : I have nothing to hide.
UNK: Yes, you do, and I'm going to find it.
UNK: And when I do, I'm going to lock you up as a material witness,
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : and send that baby off to foster care.
UNK: Nazihah Alhabi : No. You can't do that.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Yes, I can. Watch me.
Beckett : Sir, can I talk to you?
UNK: No. Go ahead. Kiss your daughter goodbye.
UNK: Please!
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Social Services is right outside that door.
UNK: Nazihah Alhabi : - Please, why are you doing this? - Nazihah.
UNK: - Nazihah means "honesty," right? - Why are you doing this?
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : - Is that what it means in Arabic? - I swear I don't know.
UNK: I'm going to give you one more chance to be honest with me,
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : or I will take your baby away, and you will never see it again.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : - Do you understand? - I swear.
UNK: Nazihah Alhabi : I swear to you, I don't know. I don't know anything!
UNK: Nazihah Alhabi : Please don't take her away from me. She's the only thing I have. Please.
UNK: Please.
UNK: All right.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Nobody's going to take your baby away from you.
UNK: Here.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : It's okay.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : You appreciate the tight spot I'm in, I'm sure.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : I have to be sure you're telling the truth.
UNK: Agent Geider will drive you home. You're free to go.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Still think she's truthful?
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : I just want your opinion.
UNK: Agent Mark Fallon : Truthful or no?
UNK: Yes.