Beckett : she'd let the hordes follow her so that Mandy could go about unnoticed.
UNK: Now, we notified Claire's parents, they're flying in
Beckett : and Esposito's digging into her life as we speak.
Gates : So if Claire is our actual victim, then where's Mandy Sutton?
Beckett : We don't know. No one has seen her and she's not answering her phone.
GATES : Given that Claire was
Gates : pretending to be Mandy when she was killed,
Gates : then we need to consider the very real possibility that Mandy Sutton
Gates : was our killer's intended target,
Gates : and that they might be looking to finish the job.
Castle : They may already have, which is why we can't find her.
UNK: Found her! She's checked into the Wessex Hotel under one of her aliases.
Kelly : But she's not answering her room phone
Kelly : and she's not responding to knocks on the door.
UNK: BEEPS
UNK: Castle.
Beckett : That's not blood. It's wine.
UNK: GRUNTS
UNK: MOANS
UNK: WEAKLY Closing time already?
Mandy : Who are you?
Mandy : What do you mean, I'm dead?
Beckett : Claire Samuels was killed last night and the world thinks that that was you.
UNK: Who?
Castle : Claire Samuels. She's your decoy.
UNK: The girl we dress to look like you to confuse the paparazzi.
UNK: Oh!
Mandy : Oh, yeah.
UNK: God, that's pretty harsh.
Beckett : Do you know why she went to your apartment last night?
Castle : No. Why?
Beckett : Well, I mean, we're trying to figure out how she got there,
Beckett : and your mom said that she wasn't scheduled to work yesterday, so...
UNK: Yeah, the limo company claims that the car she arrived in was ordered by you.
UNK: I've never drunk-dialed a limo before, but...
Mandy : Nope. Wasn't me.
Castle : What about Claire? Did you call her?
Mandy : No, I barely know her.
UNK: MRS. SUTTON : We discouraged personal contact.
Marilyn : It wouldn't make much sense to have a decoy
UNK: if they're gonna be seen hanging out together.
UNK: Can I lie down now?
Beckett : Actually, Miss Sutton,
UNK: we still have a few more questions for you about your life.
Mandy : My life?
Castle : Yeah, we think you may have been the intended target.
Mandy : Oh, yeah, that does make more sense. Okay.
Beckett : So, do you know if anyone would've wanted to hurt you?
Beckett : Do you have any enemies?
Mandy : The press, but they wouldn't hurt me.
Mandy : Without me, who would they write all those bad things about?
Beckett : Okay, well, the last two days, when you were out socializing,
Beckett : did you have any fights or did you upset anyone?
UNK: Probably.
UNK: SIGHS I'm a little hazy on the details.
UNK: INHALES DEEPLY Okay.
UNK: Okay, that it?
Beckett : Yeah, for now.
Beckett : In the meantime, you should probably go back to the hotel
Beckett : and lay low in your room.
Marilyn : Shouldn't we make an announcement? Let everyone know that she isn't dead?
UNK: Well, you know what, if someone was trying to kill her,
UNK: it might be safer to let them assume that they've actually succeeded
Beckett : while we're still doing our job.
UNK: MRS. SUTTON : How long? She starts a tour next week.
Marilyn : And as her manager, I can't imagine
UNK: that it's gonna help ticket sales if everyone thinks she's dead.
UNK: Yeah, wouldn't wanna screw up the big comeback tour.
Marilyn : Sweetie, you've worked really hard on those new songs.
UNK: We're talking about staying out of sight for a day, maybe less.
Beckett : Hopefully by then we'll have a lead
UNK: that'll help us figure out who's behind this.
Ryan : Uh, Beckett, I might have an idea about that.
Ryan : We found this anonymous letter in her fan mail.
UNK: "I'm watching you. And I don't like what I see."
Mandy : Yeah, well, get in line.
UNK: Guys, look around. I get letters from creepazoids all the time.
Ryan : But in addition to the letter, he also included these.
Mandy : Oh, my God! That's my bedroom! While I was sleeping!
Marilyn : Your building is supposed to be secure. How did he get in?
Beckett : That's inkjet paper.