BECKETT : Castle?
UNK: Mmm?
UNK: SIGHS Should I be worried about your commitment to our engagement?
Castle : No. Why?
Beckett : 'Cause it says right here that you're
Beckett : getting back together with your ex-wife.
Castle : - What? - Right here, page six.
UNK: CASTLE READING
Harvey : No, no, no. This was a business lunch.
Castle : We were discussing Heat and Storm books.
UNK: So, you weren't "gazing lovingly into her eyes"?
UNK: She had spinach in her teeth! That's just... Okay.
UNK: STAMMERS
UNK: See, this wouldn't happen if you just let me announce our engagement.
Beckett : We already talked about this.
UNK: Everyone that's important to us already knows.
Castle : Yes, and just because I'm a public figure
Castle : doesn't mean you need to be one, too.
Castle : - I know. - Exactly.
Castle : Well, so long as you don't mind this sort of thing happening.
UNK: I don't. 'Cause it's not true.
Beckett : And it only gives me more material to torture you with.
UNK: Mmm-hmm, and the student becomes the master.
UNK: DOORBELL BUZZES
UNK: Who rings the doorbell at 6 : 45 in the morning?
UNK: Hey, Mr. C! Hope I didn't wake ya.
UNK: No.
Pi : I was just on my way to work,
Pi : thought I would pick up my letter of recommendation.
Castle : Right. For your grant application.
Pi : Really appreciate you doing it.
Castle : I know I told Alexis I was finished, but I haven't really quite, um...
Castle : I'm still tweaking it. I'm getting it just right.
Pi : You're a perfectionist, like me. Well, take your time.
UNK: Not too much time. Deadline's tonight.
Castle : I'll have it done by lunch.
UNK: Thanks, Mr. C! You're the best!
Castle : I know.
Doorman : - Hi! - Hi, Pi.
UNK: Bye.
Beckett : You haven't written a word, have you?
Castle : No. But in my defense, what am I supposed to write? It's Pi.
Beckett : - So why'd you offer? - I didn't.
UNK: Alexis asked and I can't say no.
Castle : But no more excuses. I'm gonna do it right now.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGING
Castle : Unless that's a murder.
Harvey : This is Harvey Stryker with Celebgazer. Com.
Harvey : We're getting unconfirmed reports that pop diva Mandy Sutton is dead at 22.
Castle : Mandy Sutton? Oh, no!
Castle : Alexis used to love her kids' show, Mandy Melody.
Castle : She was a regular teen by day and a crime-fighting pop star by night.
UNK: But no one recognized her at school because she wore glasses.
UNK: Well, it looks like she could've used that trick in real life.
Beckett : I mean, look at this. No wonder she was such a mess.
Harvey : Detective, can you confirm for us that Mandy Sutton's dead?
UNK: Uh-uh.
UNK: Can you give us any details about how she died?
UNK: I got to go, I got work to do. Sorry.
Harvey : Hey, Richard Castle.
Harvey : Is it true that you're getting back together with your ex-wife?
Castle : This isn't about me today.
Beckett : Castle, how come you didn't deny it?
Castle : You mean back there? Are you kidding?
Castle : Yeah, if I deny that, then they think it's true.
UNK: I thought that stuff didn't bother you.
UNK: It doesn't. Hey.
UNK: So Mandy lived in this building?
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Yeah, penthouse. Doorman found her just before 6 : 00 this morning.
UNK: OD?
UNK: Lanie Parish : Given her lifestyle, you'd think. But this is plain old-fashioned murder.
UNK: Blunt-force trauma to the back of the head.
UNK: Lanie Parish : The facial lacerations probably happened with the fall.
Beckett : Okay, when did this happen?
Lanie : Lividity puts it between 9 : 00 and 11 : 00 last night.
Javier : Well, we can cut that time frame in half.
Javier : The doorman said that the limo dropped her off at the lobby
UNK: last night at 10 : 00 p.m.
Beckett : She was killed within an hour of returning home?
Castle : What was she doing back here?
Esposito : Doorman didn't know.
Esposito : But he said that she uses that door sometimes
Esposito : when she wants to avoid the crowd.
UNK: So maybe she was sneaking out or meeting someone?
UNK: If so, it was probably someone she knew.
Ryan : Gates are locked on both sides. You need an access code to get in.
Beckett : Is there any security cam footage we can pull?
Ryan : Not back here.
Castle : Ironic, seeing as how she spent her entire life in front of cameras.
BECKETT : Paparazzi was out front last night.