UNK: NYPD!
Esposito : - Kitchen, clear. - Bedroom, clear.
RYAN : Hey, closet.
UNK: Ahh!
UNK: GRUNTING
UNK: Let go of me!
UNK: CONTINUES GRUNTING
UNK: - Let go of me! - Give me your arm!
UNK: I didn't do anything!
Ryan : - You okay? - Yeah.
Esposito : I think we got our guy.
UNK: Ken Castor : No, listen, you don't understand.
ESPOSITO : The hell we don't.
Esposito : We know that you took those pictures, Ken.
Beckett : We know that you were in her apartment.
Ken : Because she needed me.
Beckett : Needed you?
Ken : I was protecting her.
Ken : I was watching over her and she needed that.
UNK: Right, 'cause she didn't have people watching her and staring at her already.
Ken : They didn't care. Not like me.
Ken : They don't understand her.
Ken : I mean, they drove her to it, you know?
Ken : That's why I sent her the pictures.
Ken : Because she needed to know that someone cared.
Ken : She needed to know that someone was watching.
Beckett : Is that what you were doing outside of her apartment last night?
UNK: Watching?
UNK: VOICE TREMBLING I should've saved her.
Ken : But I never saw her.
Ken : I waited for the limo. But then that girl came out.
Ken : The not-Mandy, the other girl.
UNK: So I went around to the back alley and I waited across the street.
Ken : When the other girl goes in the front,
Ken : that means that Mandy goes in the back.
Ken : But she didn't.
Beckett : Wait, you waited for Mandy out in back?
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : Did you see anything else?
Beckett : Did you see anyone go in or out of that alley?
Ken : Just the motorcycle.
UNK: Wait a minute. What motorcycle?
Ken : Well, right when I was going in the back,
Ken : there was a motorcycle that was going into the alley.
Beckett : What time? When?
UNK: 10 : 07. I wrote it down.
UNK: I write everything down.
UNK: And then at 10 : 12, it left.
Beckett : Did you get a license plate?
Ken : I couldn't write it down. It was going too fast.
Esposito : What about the rider? Did you see his face?
Ken : They were wearing a helmet.
Ken : I didn't know Mandy was back there.
Ken : I mean, I never saw her go back, you know?
Esposito : What about the motorcycle? Color? Trim?
Ken : I wrote that down. It was red. Um...
UNK: Uh... STAMMERING
Ken : It was a red Ducati 800 SuperSport.
Ken : It had gold wheels and it had a flame decal on the body.
Ryan : What do you think?
UNK: He's a nut job. But he's probably not our killer.
Ryan : Yeah, how's that?
Beckett : Unlike the paparazzi, he knew Claire was getting out of the limo.
Beckett : So he can tell them apart.
UNK: And since he's obsessed with Mandy,
Esposito : there would be no reason for him to go after Claire.
Beckett : We'll hold him.
Beckett : But if he's not our killer, he's probably our best witness.
UNK: Why don't we get a hold of traffic cam footage in the area.
Beckett : Let's see if we can get a plate on that Ducati.
UNK: Gold wheels, a flame decal on the body. It's got to be a custom job.
Ryan : Yeah, I'll check with bike shops in the area
Ryan : and see if I can find the place that did that work.
Beckett : Where's Castle?
Ryan : He's having dinner with his other ex-wife.
Ryan : Something about not wanting her to feel left out.
UNK: CHUCKLES Good one.
Ryan : He's holed up in the break room writing that letter for Alexis' boyfriend.
Beckett : Thank you.
ALEXIS : Will you stop worrying?
Alexis : He'll have lots of great things to say about you.
Alexis : - I guarantee it. - I don't know.
Pi : I'm not exactly Mr. C's favorite person.
UNK: And he is taking an awfully long time.
Alexis : He does have other things to do, you know.
Pi : No, Al, that's not what I meant.
UNK: Maybe he's done by now.