Beckett : Let's see if we can get copies of their photos.
Beckett : Whoever was behind this might've been in that crowd.
Beckett : And no talking to the press, not until we know what's going on.
WOMAN : Where is she?
UNK: - Oh, my God, Mandy. Mandy! - ESPOSITO : Ma'am.
Esposito : This is a crime scene. You can't be back here.
Kelly : You don't understand. I'm her personal assistant.
Esposito : You still can't be back here.
Beckett : But we will need to take you to the station to get a statement.
Beckett : Do you have contact information for her next of kin?
UNK: That would be her manager. I mean, her mother.
WOMAN : How did this happen?
UNK: Marilyn Sutton : What was she even doing in that alley?
UNK: Do you know of anyone that would've wanted to harm your daughter?
UNK: SIGHS Yeah.
UNK: A lot of people disliked her, who she became,
UNK: her provocative clothes and dancing.
Marilyn : They just wanted her to be Mandy Melody forever.
Castle : Had she received any threats recently?
Kelly : Sure, she'd get some disturbing letters.
Kelly : But any that were too aggressive, we'd turn over to the security firm.
UNK: Okay, we're gonna need to see all of those letters.
Beckett : Now, do you know if she was planning on meeting with anyone
Beckett : at her apartment last night?
Marilyn : We hadn't spoken to her in two days.
Castle : She was missing?
Marilyn : No, we knew where she was.
Kelly : It wasn't hard to track her on the social media and gossip sites.
Kelly : She was partying pretty hard.
UNK: For the past few months, Mandy had been doing really great.
UNK: She stayed clean since her last stint in rehab.
Marilyn : She even met a guy while she was doing her community service.
UNK: Zach.
Marilyn : He builds houses for the poor.
Marilyn : And then a couple nights ago,
Marilyn : she went to a club for someone's birthday and I guess...
Marilyn : She got drunk and she started making out with an old boyfriend.
Kelly : And someone took a picture. It hit all the gossip sites.
Kelly : When Zach saw...
Marilyn : It was too much for him.
Marilyn : They got into a big fight and he left her.
Beckett : How long had they been dating?
Marilyn : Four months.
Castle : Which means he would know how to access the alley
Castle : behind your daughter's building.
Beckett : Do you know where we could find him?
UNK: Zach Benton : It's funny, the first time I saw this picture,
UNK: Zach Benton : I didn't think I could feel any worse.
UNK: Zach Benton : But now that she's gone...
ESPOSITO : Yeah? Exactly how bad did you feel?
Zach : Look, I loved her. I would never hurt her.
Ryan : Then you wouldn't mind us asking where you were
UNK: between 10 : 00 and 11 : 00 last night.
Zach : I didn't do this, okay?
Zach : I was at a lumber yard in Fairfield, New Jersey,
Zach : loading up a truck with the rest of these guys.
Zach : You can ask them.
Esposito : And the last time you saw her?
Zach : Two days ago, when I broke it off.
Zach : Why are you asking me these questions?
Zach : I'm not the one with the attempted manslaughter charges.
Zach : Manslaughter charge?
Zach : Yeah, her ex-boyfriend, Jesse Jones, the one in that picture.
UNK: Yeah, he's the one who got her into drugs in the first place.
UNK: And Mandy never told anyone this,
Zach : but the last time they broke up, he threatened to kill her.
UNK: "Weapons charges, aggravated assault."
UNK: That's a hell of a résumé, Jesse.
Beckett : How does someone like you hook up with a superstar like Mandy?
UNK: Jesse Jones : Like all the other pretty little rich girls who come to me for their ink,
UNK: Jesse Jones : she was looking for a lot more than a tattoo.
UNK: Jesse Jones : I was happy to provide.
Beckett : So I read online that the two of you were stormy, and it didn't end well.
Beckett : You trashed her apartment, made some pretty serious threats.
Jesse : Water under the bridge.
Beckett : Until two nights ago, when you guys hooked up. How'd that happen?
Jesse : I was at a bar.
Jesse : She came in, threw herself at me like old times, and I obliged.
Jesse : That was the last time I saw her.
Beckett : How'd you take it when right after that photo of you two appeared,
UNK: she told Celebgazer that you were "human trash"
UNK: and that that night was "the biggest mistake of her life"?
Jesse : She seemed to like it okay at the time.
Beckett : Where were you last night between 10 : 00 and 11 : 00?
Jesse : I was at a pool hall in Queens with some friends.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGS
Beckett : - Names. - PHONE CONTINUES RINGING
Beckett : Lanie, what's going on?
UNK: We have a little problem here.
Beckett : So what's the problem?
UNK: MRS. SUTTON : I'll tell you what the problem is.
Marilyn : That's not my daughter. That's not Mandy.
Beckett : So Mandy's mom identified our victim as Claire Samuels, 25.
Beckett : She was an aspiring actress.
UNK: - CASTLE : And Mandy's decoy. - Decoy?
Castle : Yeah, to fool the press.
Castle : It's a practice not uncommon in this age of stalkerazzi.
BECKETT : So, she'd dress up as Mandy, she'd put on sunglasses,