Mandy : Like the car crash on the side of the road,
Mandy : everybody stops and watches?
Alexis : That doesn't mean it's who you have to be.
Alexis : You can always change.
Mandy : Turns out I don't do change so well.
Mandy : But you steal a police car and you set it on fire,
Mandy : I'm your girl.
Mandy : Or if you find the greatest guy in the world,
Mandy : fall madly in love,
Mandy : and then mess it up by hooking up with my dirtbag ex,
Mandy : that I can do.
Alexis : Yeah, I saw that picture online.
Mandy : You and the rest of the world.
Alexis : Maybe if you didn't drink...
Mandy : If I don't drink, then I start to feel.
Mandy : And I don't like what I feel.
Mandy : I wish I had those glasses from Mandy Melody.
UNK: I'd just put 'em on and just disappear.
UNK: INHALES DEEPLY I know how you feel.
UNK: How could you possibly know how I feel?
Alexis : Because right now I wish I could disappear from my life, too.
Beckett : Okay, thanks. I'll check back.
Beckett : Hey, so, how's Pi's recommendation going?
Castle : It took me less time to write the last Derrick Storm novel.
UNK: And although both are works of fiction, at least that one was believable.
Castle : How's the case coming?
Beckett : Well, we got a description of the motorcycle that left the crime scene.
Beckett : And Tech's trying to get a plate off of traffic cam footage, but so far no luck.
UNK: Our luck just changed. We got the son of a bitch.
UNK: We found a shop that outfitted a red Ducati 800
Esposito : with gold wheels and a flame decal for one Josh Greenberg.
Beckett : Is that our guy?
Esposito : Josh Greenberg had a slight liquidity problem,
Ryan : so he sold that bike three days ago for cash to...
Ryan : this guy.
Castle : Jesse Jones, Mandy's ex.
Beckett : So he lied to us. He was in that alley.
Beckett : All right, bring him in.
Ryan : We already sent a car over to his place. He's not there.
Esposito : Mandy might be able to help out. She probably knows his hangouts.
Beckett : All right, go.
ALEXIS : The thing about my boyfriend is,
UNK: I thought I was being so grown-up.
Alexis : Moving in with him, getting my own place,
Alexis : but now, it's my whole life.
Alexis : And I'm pretty sure I've made a huge mistake.
Alexis : Do you know why I'm helping him with his grant application?
Alexis : Because if he gets it, he'll have to travel.
Mandy : That is messed up. You need to tell him.
Alexis : Tell him what?
Alexis : That I changed my mind? I don't want a relationship?
Alexis : We have a lease!
Mandy : That's romantic.
Alexis : And he doesn't deserve it. He hasn't done anything wrong.
Alexis : And then there's my dad.
Alexis : What do I tell him, huh?
Alexis : That he was right all along?
Alexis : That I wasn't ready? FORCED LAUGH
UNK: I wish I would've said that. SIGHS
Mandy : I wasn't ready for so many things.
Alexis : Do you ever look back on something you've done,
UNK: and it's like someone else is doing it?
Mandy : You're kidding, right?
UNK: Right.
UNK: SIGHS
UNK: Sorry, I haven't had anyone to talk to.
UNK: Clearly.
UNK: SIGHS
Mandy : Be true to yourself. That's what Zach would say.
Mandy : And if a situation is bad for you, leave it.
Mandy : That's what we were going to do and that's what you should do, too.
UNK: - CHUCKLES - CELL PHONE ALERT CHIMES
Alexis : Mandy, is someone texting you?
Mandy : Weird, since I'm supposed to be dead.
Mandy : Oh, it's my friend Sam.
UNK: "Pretty sure you're not dead. Need to talk about girl who died.
UNK: "Something you need to know"?
UNK: DIALING
UNK: Wait. What are you doing?
Mandy : Calling him.
Alexis : But you're supposed to be laying low.
Alexis : No one's supposed to know you're alive.
Mandy : He already knows I'm alive.
Alexis : He thinks you're alive.
UNK: He might be trying to find out for sure. And what if it's not Sam?
Alexis : It could be the killer trying to lure you out.
Mandy : Would you relax? It's Sam's number, okay?
Mandy : And he's not answering, which means he's probably bartending.
Mandy : - That place he works is really loud. - PHONE BEEPS
Mandy : I have to go see him.
Alexis : You can't go out. What if someone sees you?
Mandy : You don't get it, do you?
Mandy : I am the one that is supposed to be dead.
Mandy : Not Claire. She died because of me.
Mandy : And I know that people think that I don't care, but I'm not a monster.
Mandy : If Sam has information about Claire's death, I need to know what it is.
UNK: I just wanna do one thing right.
UNK: Mandy... HUFFS You shouldn't be doing this.
UNK: Yeah, well, you're not gonna stop me.
UNK: Okay, but if you're going to do it, you can't be recognized.
Alexis : Do you understand? You're going to need someone
Alexis : to do all the talking for you.
UNK: - ELEVATOR BELL DINGS - SIGHS Come on.
Beckett : Mandy's gone? Gone where?
Ryan : We're not sure. No one at the front desk saw her leave.
Beckett : SIGHS Are there any signs of foul play?
Esposito : No, it looks like she just took off.
Ryan : Maybe she, uh, picked up where she left off on that bender.
Beckett : You guys gotta come back. We have to coordinate a search.
Esposito : We'll check with the limo company.
UNK: - See if she called for a pickup. - And I'll talk to her mom.
UNK: I'll get a list of all the places she likes to go to.
Beckett : We have to find her before Jesse figures out
Beckett : that he killed the wrong person.