Mandy : Answers about what?
Jesse : Someone is messing with me and I know you're involved somehow.
Mandy : I don't know what you're talking about.
Jesse : Don't lie to me!
Alexis : Guys, let's just calm down, okay? I'm sure we can talk this out.
Jesse : - Shut up! - MANDY : Hey.
Mandy : Jesse, look at me.
UNK: I made a mistake, okay?
Mandy : If you thought whatever happened
UNK: the other night between us meant that we were getting back together,
Alexis : I'm sorry, but that's not what's gonna happen.
Jesse : You know that wasn't you the other night in that photo!
UNK: What?
Alexis : If it wasn't her, then who was it?
Jesse : It was that chick, Claire.
UNK: I got paid 25 grand to show up and suck face with her
UNK: for a couple minutes.
Jesse : You're telling me that you really don't know?
Mandy : No! I was messed up that night. I don't remember anything.
Mandy : I don't even remember getting messed up.
Alexis : Maybe you didn't.
UNK: Maybe somebody drugged you so you wouldn't remember.
MANDY : And then I would see the photos and assume that it was me?
Mandy : Jesse, how could you do that to me?
Jesse : This ain't about you. Not anymore.
UNK: What happened, Mandy? Hmm? Who killed Claire?
UNK: I don't know. And what do you care?
UNK: I care 'cause the cops are trying to pin it on me!
UNK: Someone must've seen me in the alley that night.
Mandy : Wait a minute, you were there? When Claire was killed?
Jesse : I had to talk to her.
UNK: Now, we were supposed to get another 25 grand for staging that photo
UNK: if we kept our mouths shut when the story ran.
UNK: Only bitch got a conscience, felt bad about everything she had done.
UNK: Especially 'cause the pictures broke up you and whatshisname, Zach.
Jesse : She just had to set things right.
Alexis : That's why she was trying to get in touch with you last night.
Jesse : She called me and said she was going over to your place to tell you everything.
Jesse : Only that means I'm not gonna get my money.
Jesse : So I go over there to talk her out of it. That's it!
Jesse : And when I get there, she's dead.
ALEXIS : Jesse, if you didn't kill Claire, then put the gun down.
Alexis : We can go to the police together and figure this out.
UNK: - I promise they'll help. - You're trying to confuse me!
Jesse : You shut up before I do something...
UNK: SIRENS WAILING
UNK: - RYAN : Drop the gun right now, Jesse! - Drop that gun, Jesse!
RYAN : Show us! Show us your hands! Down! Now! Now!
Alexis : - Dad. - Hey.
Castle : It's okay. It's over.
Castle : If Jesse's story is true, then Claire was about to reveal
UNK: that those photos were fake and someone killed her for it.
Beckett : So maybe Claire Samuels was the intended target after all.
Castle : If Jesse's story is true.
UNK: That's a big "if".
UNK: All right, thanks, Bill.
Esposito : So, Jesse was telling the truth about this much.
UNK: He deposited $25,000 cash in his bank account five days ago.
Beckett : Any more on who paid him?
UNK: No, he got a typewritten note that told him when to meet Claire at the bar,
Ryan : and where to find the money at a dead drop.
Castle : Why would someone pay that much money
Castle : to stage a photo in the first place?
Beckett : And what was so important about it that someone would kill Claire
UNK: in order to keep it from being exposed as a fake?
Esposito : I don't know. But I can think of someone who might.
Castle : Guys, did Jesse tell you where in the club that photo was taken?
Esposito : Somewhere in the back, hidden from view.
Esposito : Couldn't be any witnesses or the gag wouldn't have worked.
Beckett : So that photographer didn't just happen to be there.
Beckett : He was in on it.
CASTLE : So who's the photographer?
UNK: James Lockhart? How you doing?
UNK: NYPD. We gotta ask you some questions, bro.
UNK: Now, listen, you guys come back a little later?
Alexis : Excuse me?
UNK: There's an actress in this cafe, Reese Wellingford.
James : I've been waiting an hour for her to come out.
Esposito : Listen, fool, this is a criminal investigation.
UNK: Who paid you to take those pictures you sold to the Celebgazer?
Ryan : The ones with Jesse Jones and the girl who wasn't Mandy Sutton.
James : - Nobody paid me. - ESPOSITO : Oh, really?
Esposito : So you just ended up in that back room in that bar when those two hooked up?
UNK: Yep, just lucky, I guess. Here she is.
UNK: - SHUTTER CLICKING - Where? I don't even... Is she over...
UNK: - RYAN : Where is it? - I don't even see her.
UNK: Am I in the way? You can't...
RYAN : Hey. ESPOSITO : There she goes.
UNK: Oh, no. She got in a cab.
James : All right, look, I got a tip, okay?
James : They said show up at such and such time, go in the back.