Beckett : - So? - So we might be able to track it.
UNK: How?
Beckett : Most people don't know this, but the serial number of the printer
Beckett : that was used to make these photographs
Beckett : is actually embedded into the picture.
Ryan : It's printed in tiny little yellow dots invisible to the naked eye.
Ryan : It's an FBI thing used to track counterfeiters.
UNK: EXHALES DEEPLY Okay, I don't feel so hot.
Beckett : You know, I think someone needs a cup of coffee.
UNK: GURGLING
UNK: HISSES
Doorman : All right, here is your four-shot latte.
UNK: How you feeling?
Mandy : Considering I'm supposed to be dead, about right.
UNK: Yeah. CHUCKLES
Mandy : I just can't believe that freak was actually in my bedroom.
UNK: Yeah, we'll find him.
UNK: Yeah, I know how tough it can be.
Castle : The crazy fans, the constant scrutiny,
Castle : the pressure of living your life under a microscope.
Castle : I mean, I can relate.
Castle : On a smaller scale, of course. But still it's...
UNK: And who are you?
Castle : On a much smaller scale.
Alexis : Dad, there you are.
UNK: Hey, Alexis. What are you doing... The letter for Pi!
UNK: I just am about to... Just gonna make a few tweaks.
Alexis : You haven't written it.
UNK: Not all... Not yet.
Alexis : I thought you might need some help.
Alexis : So I came up with some talking points for you.
Castle : Oh, good. Okay, um... "Outstanding person, natural leader."
Alexis : Dad, I know you and Pi don't always see eye-to-eye.
Alexis : If you don't feel comfortable doing this...
Castle : No, listen, hey. Hey, Pi and I see eye-to-eye
UNK: on one very important, red-headed thing.
CASTLE : Love you. ALEXIS : I love you, too.
Alexis : Hey, can you believe that about Mandy Sutton?
Alexis : - It's weird, right? - Yes, weird.
Alexis : Remember how much I loved her show? And those secret identity glasses.
Alexis : If you were mad at me, I'd wear a pair of glasses to dinner
UNK: and you'd pretend like you didn't know who I was?
Castle : - I remember. Actually... - But then she grew up
Alexis : and, whoa! I mean, how does that happen to someone?
UNK: Becoming such a hot mess?
UNK: PHONE CLATTERS
UNK: Kelly Jane : Oh, my God.
Alexis : - I thought you were... - Yeah.
Castle : Alexis, this is Mandy.
Castle : We're just keeping her under wraps for now. This is my daughter.
UNK: Hmm.
Alexis : It's nice to meet you.
Beckett : No, Dad, it's not true. Yes, I know what they wrote.
Beckett : We're still engaged.
Beckett : What do you mean Aunt Theresa put it on her Facebook?
UNK: Well, tell her to take it down.
UNK: I gotta go. I love you. Bye.
Beckett : Hey, Espo. Do you believe everything that they write in the newspapers?
UNK: SCOFFS Oh! Hell, no.
Esposito : I mean, except for that thing between Castle and his ex-wife. I mean, it's...
Beckett : Did you find anything on Claire?
Esposito : As a matter of fact, I did.
Esposito : I went into the phone records of that limo company.
UNK: It turns out that Claire was the one who ordered that limo last night.
Beckett : Why would Claire order a limo to take her to Mandy's place?
Esposito : I don't know. But I just got off the phone with Claire's roommate.
Esposito : She said Claire's been going through some things the last couple of days.
Esposito : She's been upset, crying.
UNK: Hey, those photos of Mandy in her bedroom?
Ryan : I traced the printer's serial number to an electronics store in Midtown.
UNK: According to the extended warrantee, it belongs to a Ken Castor.
Beckett : So he's done time?
Ryan : For aggravated assault. And then two years ago,
Ryan : he was hit with a restraining order for stalking Mandy Sutton.
Beckett : Old habits die hard.
UNK: And those paparazzi photos from the night that she was killed?
UNK: I went through them.
UNK: Look who was right there when Claire stepped out of that limo?
BECKETT : Same guy.
UNK: Police!