Bailey : It's been shunted to his brain where he needs it. You call those compressions?
UNK: Fight it. Come on!
Bailey : Why isn't anyone moving? Who's recording?
Addison : It's been ten minutes since we had a perfusing rhythm.
Addison : It's your call, Dr. Bailey.
UNK: One, two, three...
UNK: Asystole.
UNK: Time of death : 19 : 26.
UNK: Addison sighs : It's hard to accept the end when you're too close.
Addison : Look, I don't want someone who doesn't want me, Meredith.
Addison : But if there's the slightest chance that he does, I'm not leaving Seattle.
Samuel : What did she tell them?
Derek : That you cheated on her, that she was drunk,
Derek : and you were cleaning your guns in the kitchen.
Samuel : - I'm not gonna press charges. - It doesn't matter, she confessed.
UNK: - Assault in the first degree. - They arrested her?
Alex : Man, you should be grateful.
Samuel : You know what I am?
Samuel : I'm stupid.
UNK: Nothing is more stupid than cheating on the woman you love.
Samuel : You don't know what you're missing.
UNK: Your latte's by your bed, and I'm pretty sure it's cold.
UNK: Cristina sighs : - I don't need it. - You should be in bed.
Cristina : Stop it. I'm fine, OK? My brain is fine. My body is fine. I'm fine.
Helen : - I don't know why I came. - Then why did you?
UNK: You know, I... Just stop it. I don't...
UNK: Cristina annoyed : I'm sorry I'm not that person. I'm sorry I don't need you here taking care of me.
Cristina : Well?
Izzie : You were right. Kalpana definitely suffers from Munchausen's.
UNK: Cristina turns to her mother : See. I was right.
UNK: Cristina turns to her mother : I was right.
UNK: Cristina turns to her mother : I was right.
UNK: Cristina starts crying : I was right. I was... I was right.
UNK: Cristina turns to her mother : I was right.
UNK: Oh, I'm...
UNK: Cristina starts crying : I'm right...
UNK: Cristina starts crying : I'm right... I'm...
Richard : You took the Clinical Skills section of your medical exams after most interns,
Richard : so the results are only now coming out.
Richard : I got a call from USMLE this morning.
Joe : Oh.
UNK: So you're saying...
Richard : Karev, you're still an MD. You still get to practice medicine.
UNK: The hospital grants you four months to retake the exam.
Richard : You study it, you pass it, you put it behind you.
Richard : One misstep doesn't affect your career.