Meredith : Jeremiah's got a mass in his midepigastrium.
Meredith : Diffused enlargement of the pancreas.
Meredith : That, with his hypoglycemic seizures...
UNK: He's gonna need an exploratory laparotomy.
Bailey : But, despite his triathlons, his lungs still make me hesitant to cut.
Meredith : What are we going to do?
Bailey : - I don't know that yet. - Doctors.
Bailey : - Dr. Montgomery-Shepherd. - How old is he?
Bailey : - He's 26. - A survivor, huh?
UNK: And then some. My patient for at least five years.
Bailey : - I'm not gonna lose him now. - You planning a laparotomy?
Bailey : Yeah, but his lungs.
Addison : You know, I think I could help you with this.
Addison : I've seen one case like this in a nine-year-old.
UNK: We had to do a total pancreatectomy.
Bailey : I'd be honored to take any help you can give me.
Meredith : You're a neonatal specialist. What...
Meredith : This isn't your area.
UNK: I'm just saying. I...
UNK: I did genetics research in cystic fibrosis.
UNK: Addison interrupts : - I've pretty much seen it all. - Oh.
UNK: Dr. Ramirez, please call extension 543.
Derek : Just because she offered her services doesn't mean she intends to stay.
Meredith : - Well, what does it mean? - It means that she's a good doctor.
UNK: Meredith half laughs sarcastically : - Why are you suddenly defending her? - I'm not.
Derek : Meredith, she gave me divorce papers. She filed.
Meredith : Oh. Well, that's good.
Derek : All I have to do is sign, and I'm free.
Derek : We're free.
Meredith : Is there anything to think about?
Derek : No, of course not.
UNK: I read through them, sign, then Addison's on the next plane out of here.
UNK: CT Tech : - You say he got shot in the head? - He says he got shot in the head.
UNK: I say he's a mental defect.
MVO : - Hi. - Ma'am, you can't be in here.
Woman : I'm looking for Samuel Linden, he...
Woman : Oh, my God. Samuel. Well, how bad is it?
Alex : - Are you his wife? - For 21 years. Just tell me how he is.
Alex : Fine, for a man who says he shot himself.
UNK: He shot himself. He was cleaning his gun. What is wrong with you people?
UNK: We'll know when we finish his CT.
UNK: Alex tries to get her to leave : - This is a restricted area, ma'am. - My husband has a bullet in his head!
UNK: Then we'll find it. Wait outside,
UNK: I'll be with you as soon as we know something, I promise.
UNK: Derek angry : Of all the fine doctors in the city, you accept a consult from Addison Shepherd?
Bailey : - Montgomery-Shepherd, isn't it? - She should be on her way home.
Derek : You're trying to drive me crazy, aren't you?
UNK: Hey, don't...
UNK: You think this has something to do with you?
UNK: Bailey loud & upset : You think I'm even thinking about your romantic problems?
UNK: Bailey loud & upset : I'm trying to help a patient very near and dear to my heart.
UNK: Bailey loud & upset : And if consulting with your wife, your ex, your mistress,
UNK: whatever she becomes, if that's what's needed to save my patient,
UNK: - then I'm damned well going to do it. - I understand that.
UNK: Derek moves from the wall looking slightly confused : I deserved that. It's...
UNK: Bailey makes a face : Look, you have put yourself between two very fine women
UNK: and you're looking for an easy way out.
UNK: You want to use me, the hospital,
UNK: Bailey makes a face : somebody to make the decision for you, and it's not gonna happen!
Derek : - Could I just say a couple of things? - Just...
Burke : You scared us a little there. How's her work-up coming?
Izzie : Electrolytes are within normal limits, urine tox was negative and EKG's fine.
Izzie : Tilt test is scheduled for noon. Oh, and she's on contraceptives.