Izzie : I thought your doctorate was in neuropharmacology, not medicine.
UNK: Bailey loud & upset : It is.
Meredith : Addison gave Derek divorce papers, which is good.
Meredith : I mean, she's still here, being Addison, but it's not like I'm jealous.
UNK: Cristina looking at the chart : - That's odd. - It's odd that I'm not jealous?
Cristina : No, you have every right to be jealous.
Cristina : It's your territory and she's peeing all over it. What's odd is Burke's patient.
UNK: Four other hospitals this year. Something's not right.
UNK: - Why the interest in Burke's patient? - This has nothing to do with Burke.
Meredith : You lost a fallopian tube, a baby, and a boyfriend all in one day.
Meredith : You have the right to be upset.
UNK: You're losing McDreamy to his wife. You have a right to be jealous.
UNK: I did not lose McDreamy. Divorce papers, remember? And I'm not jealous.
Cristina : - And I'm not upset. - You really should be in your room.
UNK: If this was reversed, would you want to spend time with your mother
Cristina : in a confined room with one window?
Meredith : Do you think we're like them? Our mothers?
Tyler : Uh, where's your mom?
Meredith : Exactly. Where is my mother?
George : - Where's your mother? - Funny you should ask.
George : Oh, crap.
UNK: CT Tech : Oh, man, you are not going to believe this.
Alex : No. It can't be. The guy was reading a freaking magazine.
Ellis : It's definitely a bullet. Tracked clear through his head.
Ellis : Now are you people just going to sit here or get him into surgery?
Ellis : Here's the missile track. As you can see it doesn't even cross the midline.
UNK: He's lucky. This guy may have even been sitting there talking to you.
Ellis : He'll need debridement of the entrance wound and repair the dura,
Ellis : but we won't need to remove the bullet.
Derek : That's an excellent diagnosis, Dr. Grey.
Derek : I'm Dr. Shepherd, I'm your neuro consult.
George : Dr. Grey, they need you upstairs.
UNK: Ellis to Derek : - You'll book the OR and staff? - I'm on it.
George : - Unbelievable. - O'Malley.
Richard : Can you not handle this, doctor?
UNK: George walks back to Ellis, muttering : I can handle a lot of things. Wheelchairs. Come on, Dr. Grey.
Addison : We won't know for sure until we go in there,
UNK: but it looks like I'm gonna have to take out your pancreas
Addison : and re-route your intestines.
UNK: Did you tell her my lungs don't do well with anesthesia?
Bailey : Don't I always have your back?
Addison : Your kidney function is decreasing and I'm afraid
UNK: you'll go into multi-system organ failure if we don't operate.
Jeremiah : - If I say no? - There's no guarantees, Jeremiah.
UNK: It's going to be a long, hard surgery, and put a lot of stress on your body.
UNK: Jeremiah smiles : Yeah, but I'm me.
UNK: Bailey smiles back : - But you're you. - So if we don't operate, I die.
UNK: And if we do operate, I may die.
Addison : Basically, yes.
Jeremiah : Well, I like those odds.
Jeremiah : And 26 years with this disease is awesome. And that's the reality.
UNK: So if I get lucky, great.
Jeremiah : If I don't...
Jeremiah : it's been sweet.
Bailey : It's gonna stay sweet.
UNK: We'll need to do a psych evaluation.
UNK: Mrs. Linden : How many times do we have to tell you? He wasn't trying to kill himself.
UNK: Mrs. Linden : - It was an accident. - They're just doing their job, hon.
UNK: Mrs. Linden : - Their job is to make you better. - Where were you at the time?
UNK: Mrs. Linden : I was in the next room. And I heard the shot. And it was awful.
UNK: Samuel looking at his wife : - It's over now. - Why didn't you call 911?
UNK: Mrs. Linden : Because he was only unconscious for a moment.
UNK: And then he was walking, and talking and...
UNK: You'll have to give a report to the police.
Samuel : - Police? - Why do we need to talk to the police?
Alex : We have to report any gunshot wounds to the police. It's the law.
George : You're officially AWOL, you know.
Cristina : I'm working. Trying to figure out what's going on with the crazy woman on four.