Jeremiah : You should probably call my parents.
Bailey : Call them yourself when you walk out of here.
George : Dr. Grey, I have those labs...
UNK: Tyler amused : Oh, no you didn't. You lost her again? Again?
UNK: I am a surgeon. A surgeon!
UNK: Tyler chuckles : Yeah, well.
UNK: Tyler chuckles : You won't be when Dr. Webber finds out you lost Ellis Grey again.
Burke : We're using three different catheters. Why are we doing that, Dr. Stevens?
Izzie : Programmed electrical stimulation maps the heart's electrical system
Izzie : - to find the focus of the irregular... - Doctors? Sorry to interrupt.
UNK: - Yes? - Her urine's blue.
Joe : What?
Izzie : Why is her urine blue?
Richard : She says she has a surgery scheduled with Dr. Shepherd?
George : - I turned my back for... - Why did you turn your back?
UNK: Richard angry : I told you to take care of her!
UNK: Richard angry : Just get out of here.
UNK: You want to find a hot surgery, then find one.
UNK: Richard angry : You're free.
UNK: Richard angry : I'll take care of her.
UNK: This is one sick bastard. We should flip him over, give him a spine.
UNK: Pull back on the retractor, Dr. Karev. A little suction.
Alex : Covering for his wife after she shot him?
Derek : - He did cheat on her. - And that's worth a bullet in the head?
Derek : Relationships are built on sacrifice.
Alex : - Not that kind of sacrifice. - I don't know.
Derek : Sometimes a bullet's worth it.
UNK: Ellis smiling : Richard, I thought you'd never get here.
UNK: Ellis smiling : Look, the OR's empty, I have a little time before my surgery.
Ellis : I don't think I'm supposed to be here.
George : No.
Richard : No, you're not.
UNK: George walks back to Ellis, muttering : Come on, I'll take you back to your room.
Addison : I need more traction. Dr. Grey?
UNK: Bailey to Meredith : Here, give me some suction there.
Bailey : Grey, retract the duodenum. Good.
Bailey : How's he doing?
UNK: - Hard to ventilate and no urine output. - He's shutting down.
UNK: - Did you increase peak pressures? - Any higher, I blow his lungs.
UNK: Bradycardia. Pushing one of atropine.
Addison : Try ventilating him manually, see if he starts coming back up.
UNK: Bailey to Addison : - Did we miss any bleeders? - Surgical field is clear.
Meredith : - Agonal rhythm. - Any pulse with that?
Doctor : - No carotid. - Starting CPR. Push one of epi.
Addison : No extraordinary measures, Dr. Bailey. He's DNR.
Bailey : No, this is just good medicine.
Kalpana : Blue urine?
Burke : A second drug screen was positive for amitriptyline,
Burke : which, I'm sure you know, causes ventricular arrhythmias.
Izzie : You knew it wouldn't show on a drug screen,
Izzie : but I'm guessing you didn't realize it turns urine blue.
Kalpana : I didn't do this to myself. You have to believe me. I'm sick.
Kalpana : - I have something... - No. You're just deceiving yourself.
UNK: Burke interrupts : Manufacturing things that really aren't there, seeing only what you want to see.
UNK: Burke interrupts : Wasting our time, our resources, and throwing away your own life.
UNK: Burke interrupts : Your illness is in your head, Kalpana.
UNK: Burke interrupts : We will be transferring you to Psych.
UNK: George walks back to Ellis, muttering : Come on.
Bailey : Come on, don't give up. Come on.
Meredith : You're getting tired. Let me take over, Dr. Bailey.
Addison : Dr. Bailey, his intestines are cyanotic. There's no blood circulating.