Taub : from the remaining cellular components,
Taub : thereby removing...
UNK: The toxins, antibodies, cryoglobulins.
UNK: I think we should tell our patient about breaking into his house.
Taub : Why would we do that?
Masters : Because the reason not to tell him
Masters : was that he might hide something,
Masters : now that rationale is moot.
UNK: The rationale now is no upside, big downside.
Masters : How can we ask our patients to trust us
Masters : if we're not honest with them?
Masters : How can we ask the patient to trust us
Taub : after we tell him he can't trust us?
Taub : Fine. Tell him.
Taub : Clear your conscience because that's what's important.
UNK: Well, if you had let me run that ad,
UNK: Dugan on The Phone : everybody would be talking about immigration instead.
UNK: Dugan on The Phone : All right, look, here's what we're gonna say.
UNK: "Yeah, he was in Iraq and we're all grateful for his sacrifice.
UNK: "You chose to honor your country through
UNK: "public service and have voted 46 times
UNK: "to expand the Pentagon's budget for programs
UNK: "which, by the way, Moreno wants to cut."
Anderson : All right. I'll draft it up and send it over.
Masters : You should probably slow down
Masters : until you're out of the hospital.
UNK: Dugan texting On Phone N°2 : It's a busy week.
Masters : Aren't you curious how we came up with this diagnosis?
Dugan : You're doctors. Isn't that your job?
Masters : But how we knew you were drinking apple cider.
Dugan : You had to have found that at my house,
Dugan : so I guess you guys broke in there.
UNK: It doesn't bother you?
UNK: Medicine is like politics.
Dugan : At the end of the day, all that matters is results.
Masters : That's not true.
Masters : Respect matters.
Masters : Honesty and integrity matter...
Dugan : Have you ever thought about running for public office?
Dugan : Because I would love to have someone like you as an opponent.
UNK: Taub to Masters : Watch the replacement fluid line.
Masters : Oh, right, sorry.
Masters : You ever wonder why American voter turnout rates
Masters : are among the lowest in the developed world?
Masters : Mr. Dugan?
Masters : Mr. Dugan?
Taub : What's wrong? Can you hear me?
UNK: He's paralyzed. Call Foreman and Chase. Get them down here.
Masters : Mr. Dugan?
Chase : We think it's a transient ischemic attack.
Chase : The clot must have broken up before we could find it.
UNK: He's temporarily paralyzed, but he's regaining mobility and speech.
House : So what causes rash, liver failure, clots
House : and the uncontrollable urge to rat out your co-workers?
UNK: Oh, no, wait, that last one was you, not the patient.
Masters : I wasn't trying to rat.
Masters : I was clearly trying to honor my ethical obligation.
Masters : Portal vein thrombosis could be caused by Wilson's disease.
UNK: Hooray!
House : You popped your cherry,
House : diagnostically speaking.
UNK: Unfortunately, first time always sucks.
House : Pitch doesn't make any sense,
House : Dugan's cornea was normal.
House : You're obviously brilliant.
House : Why would you hide your mind?
Masters : I was brainstorming.
House : I'm not talking about your stupid ideas about the patient.
House : I mean your stupid ideas about morality.
Masters : My stupid ideas are what most doctors
Masters : consider the rules for professional conduct.
Taub : What about a neuro-endocrine tumor?
Taub : Not without diminished mental capacity, loss ofjudgment.
Taub : Disseminated intravascular coagulation, however, fits.
House : Rules are just helpful guidelines
House : for stupid people who can't make up their own mind.