Masters : Oh, cool.
Masters : Tudor revival architecture.
Masters : Steeply pitched asymmetrical roof over the entrance.
Masters : But it doesn't have the half-timbering over the facade.
Taub : Doesn't say anything about medicine.
Taub : Can't shut up about architecture. Great.
Dugan : I know. I don't know what happened.
Masters : Being around House... He's such a legend, he's so intimidating.
Masters : I'm not like that around ordinary people.
UNK: Oh, not that you guys are ordinary.
Masters : It's just that he's so brilliant
Masters : and you work under him, so you're not as imposing...
Masters : I'm gonna be quiet. Good idea.
Masters : Dugan didn't give you a key?
Foreman : If patients know we're coming,
Foreman : they can hide something relevant to their illness,
Foreman : intentionally or unintentionally.
Foreman : Their knowledge changes things.
Taub : Are you a vampire?
Taub : It's okay. We're inviting you in.
Masters : But our patient didn't.
Masters : I can't do this. I'm sorry.
Taub : Well, she's gonna be a big help.
Foreman : Yeah, what a rube, being uncomfortable
Foreman : breaking into a stranger's house.
UNK: It's part of our job description.
Taub : Not the most morally ambiguous part.
Foreman : Give her a chance. She's fresh, enthusiastic,
Foreman : has no bad habits we need to re-teach.
UNK: Taub whines : She's a med student with no practical experience.
UNK: Taub whines : That means every procedure, every blood draw,
UNK: Taub whines : she needs one of us there to supervise.
Foreman : Is this attitude about her not having an M. D. After her name?
Foreman : Because I wonder if it has more to do with her being a brainiac.
Taub : That's not it at all.
Foreman : I'm not thrilled someone else might be
Foreman : the smartest person on the team now.
Foreman : I can only imagine how you feel.
UNK: Taub smiles : You're not smarter than me. Oh, yeah?
Foreman : You find this?
Foreman : A jug of unpasteurized cider.
Foreman : Could be tainted with E coli.
Foreman : That's what's causing the liver to shut down.
House : E coli is found in animals.
House : So unless he's drinking pork cider...
House : Pork cider.
House : I need the number of the patent office.
Foreman : There are indirect ways of contracting E coli.
Taub : Masters refused to go on the search with us.
UNK: Interesting.
House : Which raises the question,
House : what is your problem with her?
Foreman : He is intimidated by her intelligence.
House : Why would that bother Taub?
House : He's been working with people smarter than him for a long time.
House : I think perky new girl makes him feel old.
Taub : She's basically the same age as Thirteen.
House : She's a student, makes you contemplate your med school days,
House : back when you had hair, muscle tone
House : and no need for a regular prostate exam.
Chase : Makes sense.
Foreman : Just like E coli.
Foreman : Orchards make cider out of apples they can't sell otherwise.
Foreman : Like if they've fallen onto the ground...
Foreman : Like into some cow feces.
House : Which would mean our esteemed patient is literally full of BS.
UNK: Cool.
UNK: Go get the ingénue and start the patient
House : on Aztreonam and plasmapheresis.
UNK: Foreman loudly, To Taub : He said to start the patient on...
UNK: The cell-sorter separates the plasma