Chase : We need to get her on a vent.
House : There's something on her ankle.
UNK: A tattoo.
Chase : "Eddie would go." It's a surfing phrase.
Chase : Must be from her earlier life.
House : She tried to get it removed.
House : But they only took off the top layers of skin.
House : The ink is still in the deeper layers.
UNK: It set off an allergic reaction.
House : She was fine until she started the long-distance running.
House : The ultra-marathoning modified her immune system
UNK: and set off the allergic reaction.
UNK: We did a full-thickness skin graft and she'll be okay.
Nolan : So, you were right in the end. It was her past.
Nolan : Did she get her memory back?
House : Not yet.
Nolan : Will she?
House : No way to know.
Sidney : I think roses are my favorite.
Sidney : But I guess I told you that at some point.
Jay : I don't remember.
Nolan : He's treating her as though they've just met.
Nolan : He's courting her. Whose idea was that?
Nolan : He was doing the opposite of everything he should,
Nolan : suddenly he's changed.
House : Taub thought it might...
Nolan : That was your idea.
Nolan : And you asked me what I thought was going on between them.
Nolan : It's their relationship that's on your mind.
Nolan : That's why you've been thinking about this case.
UNK: Relationships.
Nolan : Lost one with Wilson, gained one with Alvie...
House : Not exactly.
UNK: Alvie!
Nolan : You gonna tell me what the note said?
House : Alvie was very grateful that I'd gotten him out of trouble.
House : It allowed him to go stay with his cousin in Phoenix
House : without worrying about Immigration looking for him there.
Nolan : You didn't think he was gonna stay forever?
UNK: No.
Nolan : What happened next?
House : Nothing happened next.
House : That's all I got.
UNK: Relationships.
UNK: Bergman. What do you want me to say?
Nolan : I don't know, you're the one who set the theme.
UNK: Something about relationships
Nolan : made you go out and provoke a fight.
Nolan : Wilson and Sam have a relationship.
Nolan : You're not thrilled about it.
House : They're happy.
House : Why should I screw that up? Everyone's happy.
UNK: Everyone's moving in together.
House : Wilson and Sam, Cuddy and Lucas, even Alvie and his...
Nolan : Cuddy and Lucas are moving in together?
Nolan : You didn't mention that.
UNK: They've talked about moving in together before.
House : It's not big news.
UNK: Cuddy.
UNK: Cuddy.
House : Approach to the Acute Abdomen.
Nolan : Written by Ernest T. Cuddy, M.D.
Nolan : Any relation to your Cuddy?
House : Her great-grandfather.
House : I've had it for years.
House : Always meant to give it to her for a special occasion.
Nolan : Like her housewarming?
House : It's just a gift.
UNK: A woman you care about has taken one step further away from you
Nolan : and closer to someone else.
Nolan : I think I can safely say, yes,
Nolan : it's significant if you don't mention it.
Nolan : You were willing to punish the husband of your patient
Nolan : because you identified with him.
Nolan : He was also losing someone he loved.
House : I'm not gonna go out and get hammered
House : because a woman I'm not even with is moving in with someone.
House : That'd be pathetic.
House : To hell with this.
House : When I first came to you,
Sidney : I told you that I wanted to be happy.
House : I followed your advice, and instead I'm just miserable.
House : How is this working for me?
Nolan : It takes time.
House : For a year, I've done everything you've asked,
House : and everybody else is happy.
UNK: I run my treadmill, you just sit there and watch.
House : You're a faith healer.
House : You take advantage of people who want to believe.
House : But there's nothing in your bag of tricks.
UNK: House!
House : Whatever the answer is, you don't have it.