Nolan : You dismiss Alvie's story about his mother,
Nolan : but you cared enough to schedule a hearing.
House : I cared for eight seconds.
House : Then I got distracted.
UNK: Yeah.
Taub : We've kept the patient up for 12 hours now.
Taub : No hint of seizure-like activity. We should shut this down.
House : Try a strobe light, add more stress.
Taub : I think there's plenty of stress in here.
Sidney : Don't we ever do anything but work?
Jay : You run.
Sidney : That's just more work!
Sidney : What about fun? God, how can we be this boring?
UNK: Apparently, without her memory,
Nolan : the patient's personality has returned
Taub : to what you might call its natural state.
House : Seems she had a wake-up call while she was at college.
House : Her brother died in a car accident.
House : She decided to make her life mean something, went to law school.
House : Now that's all gone.
Nolan : The thing that caused the change is gone,
Nolan : so the change itself is gone.
House : Yeah. I knew the psychological aspects
House : of this case would interest you.
House : Bet you got a theory already. What is it?
Nolan : It's not relevant.
Sidney : What is it?
Nolan : Why do you care about my theory?
Taub : I think he just bores her.
UNK: I think she's at an earlier stage of development,
House : she's looking at her grownup future, and it puts her to sleep.
Nolan : If he just bored her, she'd hide it to be polite.
Nolan : Their problem is synchronicity.
Nolan : Just like you and me, House, they're not on the same page.
Nolan : He talks to her like someone he shares history with.
Nolan : But from her point of view,
Nolan : he's a stranger forcing intimacy on her.
Nolan : Of course she doesn't like him. He's not helping.
Nolan : He can feel he's losing his wife,
Nolan : and it makes him come on stronger.
House : He almost did lose his wife.
Foreman : The breathing problem was caused by fluid overload in the lungs.
Thirteen : Diabetes insipidus.
Taub : And the DI came from damage to the hypothalamus.
UNK: Hypothalamus here, that's the DI and incontinence,
UNK: they mingle here, that's the global amnesia,
House : and the motor cortex, that's the foot paralysis.
House : What do they all have in common?
Nolan : Okay, now you're just doing this to mess with me.
Nolan : What possible relevance does this differential have to your problems?
House : It ends with a diagnosis of Spongiform Encephalitis.
House : I convinced the team to cut out part of this woman's brain.
House : That's not interesting to you? No.
House : Not even if it's the amygdala?
House : She'll lose all her long-term memories.
Nolan : Well, this is where you tell me
Nolan : that being cavalier with someone else's past
Nolan : has nothing to do with avoiding your own past.
Nolan : The case is irrelevant, you just found it interesting.
House : Aren't therapists supposed to be nurturing?
Nolan : Nowhere is that in the manual.
UNK: Look, you've been in therapy for a year.
Nolan : You know when I ask you to talk about anything,
Nolan : I mean anything that affects you.
Nolan : What upset you, what made you mad, or relieved, or joyful.
Nolan : You want me to believe that this case means nothing?
UNK: Then
House : why should I listen to it?
House : Are you charging me for this time?
UNK: Yes.
House : This is ridiculous.
Nolan : What's that? On the back of your arm?
House : It's just a bruise. I fell.
Nolan : You remember falling?
House : No. I was drunk.
House : Hence the balance issues.
Nolan : It looks like you fell on the tip of someone's boot.
House : I said something that someone objected to.
Nolan : Well, if you don't remember, then how...
House : It's usually the way it is when someone hits me.
House : People who kick when you're down are jerks,
House : but they're generally not irrational jerks.
Nolan : You got drunk enough to get into a bar fight and not remember,
Nolan : and you've been insisting that everything's fine?
Nolan : Why go out and get blind drunk?
Nolan : Were you looking for a fight?
UNK: Ms. X : I don't know.
Nolan : What have you screwed up?
UNK: What?
Nolan : You say that when you've been hit in the past,
UNK: it's because you've provoked it with something that you said.
Nolan : Which means you're well aware of the risks.
Nolan : So, on some level, you were in that bar
Nolan : looking for someone to hurt you.
Nolan : Logically, people punish themselves for something they did,
Nolan : or something they didn't do.
Nolan : So, what did you screw up?
UNK: Ms. X : I don't know.
House : Okay, there may be a problem.
Alvie : All right.
Nolan : Let's talk about Wilson.
Wilson : I told him your book was contaminated with anthrax spores.
Wilson : Then I gave him $300. The address of the buyer.