House : We need to get her...
UNK: Seizures?
Nolan : This is the second diagnosis you've come up with
Nolan : that has a personal resonance for you.
House : I'm choosing my diagnoses based on personal issues?
House : You think she fell down the stairs and peed her pants
House : 'cause Wilson dumped her, too?
Nolan : You're choosing to tell me about this case. So let's look at it.
Nolan : First, you were fixated on a harmful toxin from her past,
Nolan : possibly because you're worried
Nolan : about a harmful toxin from your...
House : Chase had the toxin idea. Maybe he's obsessed with my past.
Nolan : And now you're talking about a seizure disorder...
House : Which is also not a toxin.
Nolan : But which is most likely caused by an old injury to the brain.
Nolan : Why do you see your past as such a threat?
House : Not only am I unthreatened by it,
House : I was trying to get it back.
House : There's a ding mark.
Dutch : It's a piece of junk. It was dinged when it came in.
UNK: Sure. The cup marks, the scuffs,
House : and the paint, and those three chips.
UNK: This fourth one is new.
Dutch : I run a pawn shop, not a storage company. Do you want it or not?
Alvie : That should be it.
House : You said you pawned five books. There's only four.
Alvie : That's all there is.
UNK: Where's Approach to the Acute Abdomen?
House : Sold it.
UNK: To? I can't tell you.
UNK: It's the law, and it should be.
Dutch : Crazy bastards like you try to hunt down their stuff.
House : How much for the pile?
UNK: $500.
House : You said it was junk.
Dutch : No, no. It's your junk, you want it.
UNK: $500. Take it or leave it.
Nolan : Why is it so important that you get your stuff back?
UNK: Unlike the rest of humanity,
House : who's okay when their belongings are taken?
House : Everyone wants their stuff. That's why it's their stuff.
Nolan : Everyone doesn't pay five times what it's worth.
House : I like my stuff. I hate it when Wilson moves...
UNK: Oh.
House : This is not about Wilson!
Alvie : Say it.
Nolan : I wasn't gonna say anything.
UNK: Thirty-one, thirty-one! Hike!
Alvie : First down!
House : One more, you get a touchdown.
UNK: Whoo!
UNK: Hike!
Alvie : House, you can't run for the touchdown.
House : And hike!
Nolan : Wait, wait, wait. Wait.
Nolan : You seriously thought you're gonna tell me that Wilson showed up,
Nolan : but not tell me what he said?
House : Because I thought you were a smart guy
House : who didn't need the obvious spelled out to him.
House : Wilson noticed that I didn't come to my office all day.
House : He came to find me.
House : Wanted to make sure I'm okay. Boring, boring, boring.
Nolan : But you thought it was important to tell me about Nerf football?
Nolan : Sorry, your story. Continue.
Alvie : House! House! Stop! Stop, stop, stop.
House : You okay?
UNK: Yeah.
Alvie : It was my mother's. She died when I was four. It's all I have left.
House : That's very sad, Alvie.
House : Listen, I set up an immigration hearing.
Alvie : No, House. I'm gonna end up in jail.
Alvie : Or worse, the Dominican or someplace, que se yo que. No.
UNK: That is interesting.
Nolan : You present yourself as not giving a damn
Nolan : about other people's emotions,
Nolan : but your actions indicate otherwise.