UNK: God, I was so worried about you.
House : What happened?
Jay : The police said it was too soon to do anything,
Jay : so I started calling hospitals on my own.
UNK: Princeton-Plainsboro wasn't even on my list.
Jay : You really think something around here could have made her sick?
House : Here, work, anywhere she could have been exposed.
UNK: Why wasn't Princeton-Plainsboro on your list?
Jay : Well, I mean, it's a long way to run, even for her.
Sidney : What is it I do besides run?
Jay : You're a lawyer. Civil rights, class-action suits.
Jay : It's a stressful job, running's the way you deal with it.
Sidney : That doesn't sound like me.
House : Do you have any idea what would sound like you?
House : Good point.
Nolan : So what were you thinking during all this?
House : That it was a strange position to be in.
House : At that moment, she was more comfortable
House : with me than with her husband.
House : And he was picking up on it.
Nolan : What about you?
House : What about me how?
Nolan : There was a sort of artificial intimacy between you.
Nolan : She had been dependent on you.
Nolan : Did you find that attractive on some level?
UNK: Disturbing?
House : Those are my two choices?
House : None of the above.
House : She was just a patient. She was interesting.
Sidney : So we're really married.
Jay : For four years.
UNK: Miss X, you lead a lemon-fresh life.
UNK: I found three different cleansers under the sink.
Alvie : Cleaned out the medicine cabinets, too.
Jay : You know, she just won a settlement for some families
Jay : whose housing development was built on an old methane field.
UNK: A toxic exposure to methane could explain this.
Sidney : I surf?
Jay : You stopped before we met.
Jay : You've been too busy.
Sidney : And we're married?
UNK: Yes.
Alvie : All right, it's nothing personal.
UNK: I bet she didn't think you were her type
Alvie : back when you first met either.
House : We'll take her back to the hospital,
House : test her blood and urine, start treatment.
UNK: Are you okay? I'm all right.
House : What happened?
Sidney : I don't know. My foot suddenly went numb.
Alvie : Her pants are wet.
House : Urinary incontinence.
House : She's having complex partial seizures. This isn't methane.
House : And you can leave the bucket.