House : Anyone see you?
Alvie : Yeah, Prof saw me walking down the driveway.
Alvie : He said the roses need more fertilizer.
Alvie : I didn't know there was a section of the brain just for hope.
House : It's very, very tiny.
Taub : We used fluoroscopy to guide pacemaker placement in the patient's heart.
UNK: Hello.
UNK: Hello. Rapidly progressive dilated cardiomyopathy.
Taub : This isn't SE, and whatever it is,
Taub : it's not just in her brain,
Taub : it's attacking her whole body.
Alvie : You work for House? I guess we're teammates. Isn't that cool?
UNK: Hello.
Nolan : Juan Alvarez?
Alvie : What the hell?
Durkee : We're taking you into custody. Deportation order.
Alvie : I'm a citizen. You're disrespecting Puerto Rico.
Durkee : If you're a citizen, why did you miss your hearing?
Alvie : You called them?
Taub : What's going on?
Cuddy : We're trying to stabilize her heart.
Foreman : She's still tachy and hypotensive.
House : Brain, heart, and rapidly progressing.
UNK: Endocarditis. Slow-moving infection in her heart
Thirteen : throws clots to her brain.
Alvie : I'm not talking to you.
Alvie : How could you turn me in?
Chase : Her extreme exercise suppresses her immune system,
Chase : allows the infection to smoulder.
House : Or allows an old infection to re-activate. TB.
House : Start her on a multi-drug regimen.
Alvie : I don't like you, House. I hate you.
Taub : Even IV antibiotics will take time to work.
UNK: Court Officer : A gentle reminder, the use of cell phones is prohibited.
House : Give her the first dose directly into the lungs in the OR.
UNK: Before the less-gentle arrest for contempt.
House : Put her in an isolation room with UV light.
House : And get yourselves tested. You've all been exposed.
UNK: Court Officer : Docket number 4378.
Nolan : You are?
UNK: I'm Mr. Alvarez's doctor.
UNK: Public Defender : Your Honor, DNA evidence proving
UNK: Public Defender : the matriarchal lineage of Juan Alvarez.
Alvie : My mother's DNA was still on that cross?
House : It could be.
Alvie : You faked it?
Alvie : It wasn't just me. You lied to them, too.
UNK: But I'm better at it than you are.
Alvie : I'm gonna re-paint your whole apartment now
Alvie : Make the drapes match the carpet now
Chase : Lungs sound wet. O2 sats are dropping.
UNK: We may need to tube her. Grab some IV furosemide.
Nolan : Wait. Wait.
Foreman : She's crashing.