UNK: Okay, hurry! Michael and laura are probably...
Michael : Hey, neighbors.
Marshall : Yeah.
Wendy : Barney, I just want you to know, I have no hard feelings.
Wendy : It wasn't the best idea
Wendy : For us to get involved.
Wendy : I hope we can still be friends.
Barney : Thanks, wendy.
Barney : Of course we can.
Wendy : If you need anything else, let me know.
UNK: Wow.
Ted : I've got to hand it to wendy the waitress :
Ted : That was very mature of her.
Barney : She's gonna try to kill me.
Barney : This is poisoned.
Ted : What? You're being ridiculous.
Barney : Yours is poisoned, too.
Barney : She's trying to kill me and everyone close to me.
UNK: What are you talking about? Ted!
UNK: Look at the facts : I dump her
Barney : And she says, "no hard feelings."
Barney : She's a psycho!
Barney : What other explanation is there?
Ted : Uh, that you're letting yourself believe she's crazy
Ted : So you don't have to face the far more likely possibility
Ted : That she doesn't want to date you either?
Barney : Where did marshall get that hamburger?
Ted : I don't know, I guess
Barney : Wendy the waitress brought it to him.
UNK: Nooooooo!
Barney : Dude.
Barney : You're welcome.
Robin : Wait a second.
Robin : You've been sitting here,
Robin : Pretending to be the expert on all this,
Robin : But the truth is, there was no real fallout
Robin : From your breakup at all?
Barney : Yet.
Robin : You're an idiot.
Ted : All right, I'm taking off.
UNK: What?! I have a date.
UNK: Wha...? You are such a jerk!
Barney : Ted, have you not been listening?
UNK: [TITLE : Attraction, bargaining, submission,
Barney : Perks, tipping point,
UNK: [TITLE : Purgatory, confrontation, fallout!
Barney : These things will all happen to you
Barney : As surely as they happened to all of us!
UNK: It's a rule of nature!
UNK: Well, I'm sick of all the rules!
UNK: There's too many of them!
UNK: The hot/crazy scale, the lemon law,
Barney : The platinum rule...
UNK: If everyone in the world
UNK: Followed every one of your rules,
UNK: The human race would cease to exist.
UNK: Yes, chances are stella and I are not
UNK: Going to live happily ever after.
UNK: The overwhelming odds have it ending badly.
UNK: And when that happens,
UNK: It'll be for one of a million possible reasons.
UNK: But that doesn't mean I'm not gonna try.
UNK: And when it does fail,
UNK: So help me god, it's not gonna be because of some rule.
Ted : P.S.
UNK: You just made my hair look awesome.
Barney : Good night.
UNK: ♪
UNK: So stella and I went on our date.
UNK: But here's the funny thing :
UNK: Turns out, it wasn't actually a date.
Marshall : So what do you mean "it wasn't a date"?
Ted : She thought we were seeing a movie just as friends.
Marshall : Why would she think that?
Robin : Did she see your tattoo and assume you were gay?
Ted : Apparently, there's a rule that says I can't date stella.
Exactly : The platinum rule.
Barney : Stella reads my blog.
Ted : No, this rule comes from the american medical association.
Ted : Doctors aren't legally allowed to date their patients.
Lily : Oh, sorry, ted.
UNK: Eh, it's okay.
Ted : What are you guys watching?
Narrator : So that was the end of the story
Narrator : Between me and stella, at least for the time being.
Narrator : But I don't know, looking back on the platinum rule,
Narrator : I think there's a ninth step.
Narrator : We'll call it coexistence.
Narrator : It's the moment you realize that all that anger
Narrator : And resentment just isn't useful.
Robin : Thanks for watching.
UNK: Good night. ♪
Narrator : And you start to let go of it.
UNK: Marshall&Lily to Michael&Laura : Hey, guys.
Lily : So what do you guys have going on tonight?
Laura : We're going to have a few friends over.
Michael : Gonna play some charades.
Marshall : Have fun.
UNK: ♪
Narrator : And move on with your life.
Narrator : It just takes a while.
UNK: Wendy comes to the table and offers a drink to Barney : On the house.
Barney : Thanks.
UNK: Cuckoo!