UNK: Lily and Marshall laughing : Oh, my god!
UNK: Ted gets out of his bedroom : I have a tattoo.
Barney : Oh, that's not a tattoo.
Barney : That, dear boy, is a tramp stamp.
Barney : A tramp stamp.
Ted : Kids, too often in life,
Narrator : We make decisions that we're not prepared to live with.
Narrator : This is a story about those decisions,
Narrator : And the consequences that follow.
Ted : Say good-bye, kids,
Ted : 'cause it won't be around much longer.
Lily : Oh, but, ted, if you get rid of the butterfly,
Lily : How's everyone gonna know
UNK: You're a stripper from reno with daddy issues?
Ted : Yes, yes, enjoy these
Ted : Final moments of mockery
Ted : Because in just ten surprisingly expensive sessions,
Ted : Stella is gonna zap that butterfly
Ted : Right off the face of my lower back.
UNK: Stella? Dr. Stella zinman.
Ted : She's the best in the business.
Ted : And she's rather cute.
Ted : In fact... We're going to a movie together tonight.
Barney : What?
Ted : I asked her out.
UNK: Oy. Oh. Ted, why would you do that?
UNK: What's the matter with you? What?
UNK: What do you mean? Dude...
Barney : Don't poop where you eat.
Ted : Oh, no, this doesn't count.
Marshall : If it's someone you see on a regular basis,
Marshall : And you can't avoid them...
Lily : And in this case, you're paying them...
Lily : Then yes, it counts.
Narrator : Ted,
Barney : You've heard of the golden rule, right?
UNK: "Love thy neighbor?"
Ted : Uh, actually, it's "do unto others"
Ted : As you would have them do unto you."
Ted : It's from the bible.
UNK: Damn it, ted, I've worked out this whole thing
UNK: Where the golden rule is "love thy neighbor,"
UNK: So just... Okay?
UNK: Now, the golden rule is "love thy neighbor."
UNK: But there's one rule above it :
UNK: The platinum rule : Mmm.
UNK: "Never ever, ever, ever, love thy neighbor."
Ted : Well, that's cute.
UNK: But she's not my neighbor; she's my doctor.
Ted : So if you'll excuse me... Wait, ted,
Robin : Barney has a point.
Robin : Remember what happened
Robin : With me and curt down at the station?
Marshall : Oh, yeah, and remember what happened with us
Marshall : And the gerards across the hall?
Barney : Need I remind you
Barney : About me and wendy the waitress?
UNK: Ted combs his hair : Yeah, I don't have time for this.
UNK: Ted combs his hair : I'm out the door as soon as I'm finished with my hair.
UNK: Good, then we've got a solid half hour.
UNK: And in that time,
UNK: We will convince you
UNK: Not to set foot out that door.
UNK: It's a story older than time, my friend,
UNK: And it always plays out in the same eight steps.
UNK: Step 1 : Attraction.
UNK: No, that's not possible. It's true.
Marshall : That's not even possible.
UNK: 12 of them. There's no way.
UNK: Hi, barney. Hey.
Wendy : Here's your gin and tonic. Thanks.
UNK: Oh, gosh.
wendy : Look at that.
UNK: Oh, hi!
UNK: Hi. You must be our new neighbors.
UNK: I'm michael. And I'm laura.
Marshall : Oh, hi, welcome to the building. Yeah.
Laura : Do you guys know any good brunch places around here?
Lily : We love brunch!
UNK: The host : You must be robin.
UNK: Mmm.
Marshall : Yeah.
UNK: The host : Curt "the iron man" irons.
UNK: The host : I'm gonna be doing sports.
Robin : Oh. Welcome.
Robin : You look really familiar.
Robin : Are you a former athlete?
Curt : Hockey.
UNK: Barney off voice : The attraction is
UNK: Barney off voice : Instant and undeniable.
Barney : But you know better.
Barney : You've seen your friends make the same mistakes
Barney : Before.
Barney : You've laughed smugly at them.
Barney : Idiots.
Barney : But still, you think, "this is different.
Barney : The platinum rule doesn't apply to me."
UNK: And that's step 2.
Barney : Bargaining.
Robin : I think I've got
Robin : A little crush on our sports guy. No.
UNK: No, don't do it. No, no, no, no.
Robin : I know, I know.
Robin : But he used to play hockey, and I'm a canadian.
Robin : I can't help it.
Robin : If he were missing some teeth,
Robin : I probably would've already hit that.
Lily : Robin, it's a mistake.
Robin : Remember what happened with me and marshall?
Marshall : The gerards across the hall?
Lily : Michael and laura.
UNK: They're awesome!
Lily : We're gonna invite them over for dinner.
UNK: No! No! Really? Are you insane?
UNK: Guys, guys, guys,
UNK: This is new york city.
Ted : You don't get close to the neighbors.
Ted : You nod at them politely in the hall.
Ted : You call the cops if you haven't seen them in a while
Ted : And you smell something funny, and that is it.
Lily : We're not gonna date them.
Lily : We're just gonna be friends with them.
Barney : That's the couples version of dating.