Robin : Keeps leaving me love notes on post-its.
Robin : On the teleprompter, on my desk,
Robin : On the coffee-maker,
Robin : On the jar of sugar packets next to the coffee-maker.
UNK: Lily reads a post-it : "Here's some sugar for my sugar."
UNK: The host : The iron man.
Marshall : I remember that.
UNK: God, we are such idiots.
UNK: Yup.
Lily : Every time we step out the door,
Lily : They're out there waiting for us.
Lily : Sometimes, we'll send ted out first as a scout.
Lily : Nobody's there.
Lily : Then we'll go out one second later, and there they are.
Marshall : It's freakin' supernatural.
Marshall : Are they ghosts? Can only we see them?
UNK: "Hey, neighbor." "hey, neighbor." "hey, neighbor."
UNK: Hmm, I remember that.
Barney : How could you guys let me date wendy the waitress?
UNK: Oh, you are kidding me. What?!
Marshall : Don't kill the bar, dude. We said, "don't do it."
UNK: My own bar.
UNK: I can't hit on women in my own bar.
UNK: Remember the old barney?
UNK: He was a lion, the king of the jungle,
UNK: Stalking whatever prey he chose,
UNK: Going in for the kill.
Ted : You've got a whole meat locker at home
Ted : Full of corpses, don't you?
Barney : Now look at me.
Barney : Declawed. Neutered.
Barney : What was once
Barney : My jungle is now my zoo.
Barney : And I am forced to mate with the same old lioness
Barney : Again and again and again,
Barney : While families pay to watch.
Ted : Yeah, this metaphor's really falling apart.
Barney : Put a bell around my neck and scratch my belly, kids,
Barney : For I am just a docile housecat now.
UNK: Meow.
Lily : Well, we love this bar.
Lily : You can't dump her.
Lily : Marry her if you have to.
Barney : Wendy the waitress-hyphen-stinson.
Marshall : Don't kill the bar, dude.
UNK: And so, inevitably, you have to do the thing
UNK: You've been dreading all along.
UNK: Now, a relationship-ectomy
UNK: Is a delicate surgery as it is,
UNK: But in the case of the platinum rule,
UNK: It takes a very, very steady hand, and that's...
UNK: Step 7 : Confrontation.
Robin : Curt, we need to talk.
Robin : I like you...
Marshall : Guys, we like you a lot...
Barney : I don't like you.
Robin : We're pretending this works, but it doesn't.
Robin : And I'm getting a little sick of the whole charade.
Lily : We're getting a little sick of charades.
Barney : I mean, I don't like you that way.
Barney : I used to like you that way.
Barney : But now that I've seen everything
Barney : There is to see, I don't know,
Barney : I kind of want to see those same parts
Barney : Just... On other girls.
Robin : So maybe, we could go back to just being coworkers.
Marshall : Maybe we should just go back to being neighbors.
Barney : Other girls and you,
Barney : If you're into that.
Barney : But the other girls have to be there, too.
Barney : That's the important part.
Wendy : Gosh, you're just terrified
Wendy : Of ever getting close to anyone, aren't you?
Ted : Or that.
Barney : Let's say it's that.
Barney : So can I get a gin and tonic?
UNK: And in any other relationship,
UNK: That would be it.
UNK: End of story.
UNK: But because you have to see this person again,
UNK: There's a step 8 : Fallout.
Robin : And now, here's
UNK: The host : Curt "the iron man" irons with sports.
Robin : Curt?
Robin : Curt?
Curt : Well, the knicks lost.
Curt : It's sad, really.
Curt : They had a real shot.
Curt : Then, out of nowhere, game over.
Curt : And why?
Curt : Why, robin?
Robin : Uh, well, their perimeter shooting
Robin : Has been a little bit off this season...
Curt : The knicks lost because they were afraid of getting hurt.
Curt : So they didn't even try.
Curt : Well, you know what I think?
Robin : I think
Curt : The knicks didn't deserve my love to begin with.
UNK: The knicks suck.
Robin : And that's sports.