Wilson : You have nice skin.
Cuddy : Thank you. Shut up.
Wilson : Sorry, just thought it would be rude not to comment.
Cuddy : Just treat me like any other patient.
UNK: Right.
Wilson : Are you sucking in your stomach?
UNK: No.
UNK: Now hurry up before I pass out.
UNK: Wilson?
Wilson : Ultrasound isn't definitive. We should run other tests before...
Cuddy : Stop talking like a doctor and tell me what you see.
Wilson : There's a mass in your kidney.
Taub : We still don't know why Ryan coughed blood,
Taub : and now he's got small hemorrhages in his eyes.
Foreman : Sounds like an acquired coagulopathy,
Foreman : which gives us a pretty wide differential.
Masters : Gets a lot narrower if we factor in his depression.
House : Oh, don't do that.
Masters : Mood swings can be a symptom of physiological illness.
House : Not talking to you.
Taub : Mood swings are also a symptom of adolescence,
Taub : along with emo music and masturbation.
Taub : More importantly, his weight loss
Taub : and sleeping issues started a year ago.
Chase : Infection makes the most sense.
Chase : He shoots hoops at school, showers in the locker room.
UNK: - I'm thinking staph or... - Damn.
Masters : You don't think... Not talking to you.
Chase : - Everything okay with Cuddy? - She's fine.
House : She's just too stupid to accept it.
House : Start him on nafcillin for staph.
Cuddy : All that's in the First Mutual safety deposit box.
Cuddy : The retirement accounts...
House : You're freaking out because of one ultrasound
House : performed by an incompetent bonobo monkey.
Cuddy : As demonstrated by my sitting here calmly, going about my business.
UNK: Calling in a lawyer, drafting a will.
UNK: Okay. I hacked into your on-line schedule.
House : Look, tests always show something.
House : Mass in your kidney could be a complex cyst, it could be benign...
Cuddy : I'm a single mom.
Cuddy : I need to set up a trust, appoint a guardian.
Cuddy : It's silly that I haven't done it before now.
House : But you're doing it now because you think you're sick.
House : The freaking out can at least wait
House : until after the biopsy this afternoon.
Cuddy : The biopsy's not till tomorrow.
Cuddy : It's the first opening in the schedule.
House : For the Dean of Medicine, the first opening in the schedule is...
House : Oh, look. Now!
Cuddy : My worry isn't any more important than anyone else's.
House : Actually, it is.
Cuddy : But I'm not sick, right?
House : Good point.
UNK: Roid Rage : I want my stuff, asshat.
Ryan : I told you, man, I don't have it here.
Taub : Hey, guys. Everything okay?
UNK: Roid Rage : On my way out. I'll see you later.
UNK: You want to tell me what's going on?
Ryan : My friend gave me some leftover Klonopin he had
Ryan : when he switched to seizure meds.
Ryan : I sold them to Roid Rage for 80 bucks,
Ryan : but I landed in here before I could deliver,
Ryan : and now he's gonna rip my arms off.
Taub : How often do you sell drugs?
Ryan : It was a one-time thing.
Ryan : I needed the cash, I had the pills, so I thought, "Why not?"
Ryan : It was a bad idea.
Ryan : The pills are at my house. I could have a friend go get them.
Taub : Give the thug his money back.
Taub : One time only.
Cuddy : I mean, if you're okay with this.
Cuddy : You have three kids of your own.
Julia : It's not even a question. Of course, I'll be Rachel's guardian.
Julia : And House is cool with this?
Julia : I mean, you guys...
Cuddy : We've only been together a few months.
UNK: It seems like a lot longer.