UNK: No!
Masters : Are you okay?
House : I was sleeping.
House : What could go wrong?
Foreman : Patient lost feeling in his arm
Masters : while on steroids, rules out autoimmune.
Foreman : So what causes bleeding, kidney problems and unilateral numbness?
House : And a complete absence of any record of Cuddy's kidney biopsy.
UNK: She must've put it under a false name
House : so I couldn't rush the results.
Chase : What if we had it backwards,
Chase : and it's not a bleeding problem, it's a clotting problem?
UNK: And there's no patient file created in the last two days
House : for anyone having that procedure.
Masters : She backdated the file? That's very clever.
House : Hands off. She's mine.
Foreman : Clots could explain everything, including the numbness.
Foreman : We should do an angiogram of his brain, see if we can find it.
UNK: House. We're worried, too.
Taub : How sweet.
UNK: I'm not worried. I just want to get the results so she can stop worrying.
Chase : Okay. But in the meantime... Do an angiogram.
UNK: And you two go to pathology and look at Cuddy's slides.
Masters : You just said you didn't know which sample was hers.
House : I guess you're gonna have to look at them all.
Chase : Bigger question, what's the deal with Taub?
Chase : Just because House is too distracted to notice your distraction,
Chase : doesn't mean we didn't.
Taub : Clots, angiograms, I'm focused.
Taub : The kid scratched out the faces of half his class.
Taub : You don't think that's a problem? It's not our problem.
Chase : Why is it anyone's problem?
Chase : I violently executed my 10th grade geometry teacher
Chase : about five different ways in my mind.
Masters : I didn't want to kill anybody.
Masters : I just wanted to torture them slowly
Masters : in my basement, preferably with acid.
Masters : You guys ever think about what you might do to House?
Foreman : Maybe it's no big deal.
Chase : Unless it is.
UNK: Somebody shot House.
House : What are you doing?
Wilson : Pie-eating contest.
Wilson : I was going to send Chase to tell you
Wilson : what the obvious right thing to do here is.
Wilson : But then I realized
Wilson : if you were too stupid to know how stupid that was,
Wilson : you might miss the irony.
Wilson : You have to be with her.
House : Yeah, I get it.
House : She needs artificial support for an artificial problem.
House : She's fine.
UNK: Chase did an excellent job.
Wilson : She doesn't sleep with Chase.
House : We don't know that.
House : Hey, eating pie in here.
Wilson : House. I'm not gonna tell you a third time.
Wilson : Do not screw this up.
Wilson : Because I really don't want to clean up the mess.
UNK: He was referring to the pie.
Masters : Fourteen patients with kidney biopsies.
Masters : I tabulated them against their urinalysis results.
Masters : Six men, three diabetics, one LCDD, one kid, two seniors.
Masters : And, by default, one Cuddy.
Masters : The biopsy was inconclusive.
Masters : The mass is near the center of her kidney.
Masters : They couldn't get a readable sample.
House : Means they'll have to remove the mass
House : to know if it's cancer or not.
Masters : File says they're doing some imaging now.
Masters : Give the surgeon a better idea of what he's dealing with.
House : Can we order pizza?
House : There's nothing in the fridge.
House : At least, not anymore.
House : What's happening with the patient?
UNK: Angio showed a clot in a branch of his middle-cerebral artery.
Masters : We started him on streptokinase to break it up.
UNK: Although maybe we should've just played a few rounds
UNK: because that's obviously the best way to make someone feel better.
House : You keep talking like Wilson, your face will freeze like that.
Foreman : However bad you think you're gonna be in that room,
Foreman : not being in the room is worse.
Foreman : When she breaks up with you, you're playing by yourself.
Cuddy : Honey, I'm home.
House : Just in time. The pot roast is ready.
UNK: It smells wonderful.
House : I cured all my patients, so I came home to spend time with Rachel.
Cuddy : And how was your day today?
Rachel : It was great, Ma. I got 100% on my spelling test.