Cuddy : There are so many things that I could be afraid of,
Cuddy : and most of the time I manage to lock them up behind doors.
UNK: Then this happens.
Cuddy : All those doors just burst open.
Cuddy : You just figured something out
Cuddy : about your patient, didn't you?
Cuddy : Go. Do what you do.
House : Take him off the meds. He's got a staph infection.
Kay : You treated him for staph three days ago. It didn't work.
House : Bacteria already in his system responded.
House : But once a door's been busted open, more just keep coming.
Masters : Oh, he's talking about an abscess.
Taub : I got that.
House : For the cheap seats,
House : an abscess is a gooey little cream puff of infection
UNK: that probably burst when your little pride
House : and homicidal joy took a hard foul.
Taub : It's good news.
Masters : If we can find the door.
Taub : I think I know where it is.
Taub : What if these aren't from skateboarding?
Masters : Which just leaves, what are you gonna do now?
Julia : All right. I put the rest of the soup in the freezer
Julia : so you'll have some for later.
Cuddy : Thanks for everything.
UNK: Yeah.
Julia : Here you go. I got it.
UNK: Okay.
Cuddy : Are you gonna tell Mom?
Julia : So she can show up here to take care of you
Julia : by harassing the housekeeper
Julia : and criticizing your bathrobe?
Julia : Yeah. I think I'm gonna wait a few years.
UNK: Okay.
Julia : Oh, and I moved your sleeping pills back in the medicine cabinet,
Julia : because I just worry. Rachel always calls them candy.
Cuddy : You took Vicodin.
Cuddy : When you came to my hospital room that night,
Cuddy : you were stoned.
House : How did you know?
Cuddy : How did I not know?
Cuddy : How did I make myself forget for months that you're an addict?
Cuddy : My subconscious was trying to tell me
Cuddy : you could never get through this without drugs.
Ryan : It was a one-time thing.
Cuddy : It's not about the pills, House.
Cuddy : It's about what they mean.
House : I was scared because I thought my girlfriend might die.
UNK: No.
Cuddy : You don't take Vicodin because you're scared.
Cuddy : You take it so you won't feel pain.
Cuddy : Everything you've ever done is to avoid pain.
Cuddy : Drugs, sarcasm,
Cuddy : keeping everybody at arm's length so no one can hurt you.
House : As opposed to everyone else in the world
House : who goes looking for pain like it's buried treasure?
Cuddy : Pain happens when you care.
Cuddy : You can't love someone
Cuddy : without making yourself open to their problems, their fears.
Foreman : And you're not willing to do that.
House : I came to be with you.
Cuddy : But you weren't with me, not really.
House : I wanted to be.
UNK: Well, that's not enough.
House : I can do better.
Cuddy : I don't think you can.
Cuddy : You'll choose yourself over everybody else, over and over again,
Cuddy : because that's just who you are.
Cuddy : I'm sorry.
House : No. No, no, no. Don't. Don't.
Cuddy : I thought I could do this. Don't.
House : Please don't.
Cuddy : Goodbye, House.