Wilson : Yes, I'm worried.
Wilson : But this isn't about House, it's about Cuddy.
Wilson : She's the one who could be dying
Wilson : and he's trying to make this about himself.
Wilson : I'm not playing.
UNK: Okay.
Wilson : She still believes he'll show up.
Wilson : He'll either get over himself and be who she needs him to be,
Wilson : or he won't.
Taub : We'll run a corkscrew-shaped instrument
Taub : into Ryan's brain and pull the clot out.
Kay : Okay. Have you talked to him about it?
Taub : Yes. But I wanted to see you alone.
Taub : I saw some videos that Ryan made a few weeks ago.
Taub : He's blowing up pipe bombs and threatening people in his school.
Kay : Oh, God!
Todd : He was probably just messing around.
Todd : Our son wouldn't hurt anybody.
Taub : I'm not so sure.
Kay : I know this looks bad, but Ryan's a good kid.
UNK: He's had a rough couple of years since he started high school,
Kay : but I really think he'll come out of it.
Taub : He needs help.
Todd : Maybe he does. But this gets out,
Todd : he'll be suspended, maybe expelled.
Todd : How about you focus on keeping him alive.
Masters : What are you gonna do?
Taub : What do you think I should do?
Masters : So you can do the opposite?
Masters : There are kids all over the country
Masters : doing dumb, potentially violent things,
Masters : but the percentage of them who would
Masters : actually kill anybody is minuscule.
Taub : So I shouldn't do anything?
UNK: Hmm, while the odds are low, the fallout could be huge,
Masters : tens or even hundreds of lives.
Taub : So I should call the cops.
Masters : Of course, over-identification with the subject could skew the calculation
UNK: towards being extra protective or alternatively...
Taub : You suck at this.
Masters : Hate the statistics, not the statistician.
Foreman : Give me a little more dye.
Chase : There's the clot.
Chase : It just disintegrated when you touched it.
Foreman : What was that thing?
House : I got a great idea where we should go.
Cuddy : I don't want to hear it.
House : You're gonna love it.
House : Australia's Finest. It's a great karaoke bar in Newark.
Cuddy : I hate karaoke.
UNK: They've got every song by every Aussie artist,
House : Midnight Oil, Men at Work, Olivia Newton John.
UNK: And the barbecued shrimp is amazing.
Cuddy : What about the fries?
UNK: Hot, salty and delicious.
House : Talking about food made me hungry.
Cuddy : You had candy in my other dreams.
House : Means you're stressed at work.
House : All dream symbols mean you're stressed at work.
House : Or castration anxiety.
UNK: No.
UNK: I was hoping you'd figure out a way to handle all this.
Cuddy : Maybe you can't because you're still a child.
House : I can do better.
Cuddy : Might be too late.
UNK: House?
House : I should have been here.
Cuddy : I'm sorry.
Cuddy : I knew you'd come.
Foreman : What was that thing?
Taub : And why did it just dissolve in the middle of surgery?
UNK: And why is his liver shutting down?
Foreman : That thing in his brain goes away, the kid slips into a coma.
UNK: We've started him on lactulose,
Masters : but at the rate his liver function is declining,
Masters : he'll be dead in a day.
Urologist : If you don't make it,
House : I won't sleep with anyone for at least a month.
Cuddy : Make it two.
UNK: Bitch.