Taub : It's no big deal.
Masters : Good for you.
Masters : You could have just assumed he was a drug dealer,
Masters : but instead you took his word for it.
Masters : It's nice to finally see someone have
Masters : a little faith in humanity around here.
Taub : Why would you do that?
Taub : Ryan, you okay in there?
Ryan : I'm not sure.
Ryan : I think I just peed blood.
House : Looks like peeing blood is the new black.
Foreman : Peeing blood after a night on antibiotics
Foreman : means we can move on from infections.
Taub : Scoping showed no sign of a bleed in his bladder,
Taub : which points to a kidney problem.
UNK: Probably some kind of mass.
UNK: A kidney mass wouldn't explain
Chase : the coughing blood or the hemorrhages.
Chase : Antiphospholipid syndrome, on the other hand...
House : Makes sense. But doesn't rule out a mass.
House : You think it's cancer?
House : Mass doesn't have to be cancer. It could be a renal hematoma.
Masters : But the patient doesn't have any other abdominal trauma.
Chase : He's not talking about the patient.
Masters : Cuddy has a mass on her kidney?
House : It's probably just a complex cyst or angiomyolipoma.
Foreman : It's a mass, not a mystery.
Foreman : They'll do the biopsy, then you'll have your answer.
Foreman : Just have to wait.
Taub : Patient admitted to using pot.
Taub : Who knows what else he's doing.
Taub : This could be heroin-induced nephropathy.
Masters : I thought you trusted this kid.
Taub : And then you pointed out how sweet that was.
House : If it were heroin, he'd be going through withdrawal.
UNK: Antiphospholipid syndrome's a better fit.
House : Start the patient on plasmapheresis.
Taub : While he's doing that, can I at least search his house for drugs?
House : Have I ever said no to that question?
House : What are you doing here?
Wilson : Pie-eating contest.
House : Cuddy's biopsy is in an hour. You should be keeping her company.
Wilson : Okay, you've been worried
Wilson : that your relationship is getting in the way of your diagnoses,
Wilson : you're protecting your patient.
Wilson : Either that, or you're an ass.
House : Three, I hate the smell of death.
Wilson : The chances of Cuddy having renal cell carcinoma...
House : I'm talking about our relationship.
House : She needs support and comfort,
House : both things that I famously suck at.
UNK: Which will inevitably lead to...
Wilson : You know what's good for that? Practice.
Wilson : Doing it, I don't know, once.
House : I'm not gonna act like there's a crisis before we know there is one.
UNK: There's no proof that there's anything wrong with her.
Wilson : There's no proof she's being stalked by ninja squirrels either,
Wilson : but if she's scared of them,
Wilson : as her boyfriend, it's your job
Wilson : to figure out how to help her feel better.
Cuddy : You're right.
Chase : House told me to keep you company.
Chase : Nurse told me to give you antibiotics.
Cuddy : Tell House I'm fine.
UNK: Hmm.
Chase : Tom Cruise got married.
Cuddy : As a Jew, I'm gonna have to decline that offer.
Chase : Don't know what you're missing.
UNK: Saint Paul was really on his game.
Chase : He'll show up eventually.
Cuddy : You don't actually believe that.
Cuddy : But I do.
Cuddy : All these years, he's never stopped
Cuddy : trying to annoy me for more than 15 minutes.
Cuddy : Now he can't even walk into the room.
UNK: "Love hopes all things."
Foreman : What is it with you and this kid?
UNK: He's doggie-paddling in a sea of misery. I remember what it's like.
UNK: How far do you have to reach back for that memory? Last night?
UNK: Sometimes I hear you in the living room watching TV at 3 : 00 a.m.
Foreman : Yeah, if only they had some device
Foreman : that allowed you to record them, watch them another time.
UNK: I'm just saying, don't think fixing this kid is gonna fix you.
UNK: Yeah.
Foreman : We're on our way back.
Foreman : Our patient lost all feeling in his right arm.
Taub : Look at this.