UNK: Johnny Dimes : What do you mean, she's dead?
UNK: Carrie Edwards : She's dead. Only really has the one meaning.
Beckett : Did she hire you to follow her husband?
UNK: Johnny Dimes : Husband? No.
UNK: Johnny Dimes : She hired me to investigate Gloria Chambers.
Castle : The mom.
Castle : I knew it. Was she involved in organ harvesting?
UNK: Johnny Dimes : That didn't really come up.
UNK: Johnny Dimes : But I can tell you this,
UNK: Vince Powers : Gloria Chambers isn't her real birth mom.
UNK: Johnny Dimes : She's a fake.
UNK: Oh...
Castle : The mom isn't really the mom?
Castle : Does it get any soapier than that?
UNK: Ooh! Is that the P.I.'s file on Sarah's faux-mother?
Beckett : Yeah. Apparently, Gloria showed up three years ago
Beckett : claiming to be Sarah's birth mom, and Sarah got suspicious,
Beckett : so she hired a P.I. in order to look into Gloria's history.
Castle : What nefarious scheme has Gloria set into motion?
Castle : Perhaps she planned on replacing Sarah with a clone.
Beckett : She wanted Sarah's money.
UNK: Money?
UNK: Yeah. Sorry to burst your bubble, Castle,
Beckett : but Gloria's got a history of insurance scams,
Beckett : and husbands with empty bank accounts.
UNK: - Are we bringing her in? - We're trying.
UNK: We've put out an APB. Her apartment's empty,
Beckett : and the doorman saw her leave with a suitcase this morning.
UNK: Ooh!
Beckett : So, maybe Dimes tells Sarah about Gloria.
Beckett : Sarah confronts her,
Beckett : and then Gloria kills Sarah in order to avoid exposure.
Castle : And after playing the role of grieving mother on set,
Castle : Gloria knew enough to get the hell out of Dodge.
Esposito : Yo! Look who got caught trying to buy a ticket to The Bahamas at JFK.
UNK: Gloria.
UNK: Gloria Chambers : Everything in New York reminded me of Sarah.
UNK: Gloria Chambers : I needed to distance myself from the agonizing truth that she's dead.
UNK: Gloria Chambers : Now, if denial is a crime,
UNK: Gloria Chambers : I plead guilty.
Beckett : Good to know.
Beckett : Now, how do you plead on murder?
UNK: Vince Powers : Gloria Chambers, also known as Charlene Sellars.
Beckett : You have been a very busy woman.
UNK: Yours is a real rags-to-riches story.
Castle : Only trouble is, the riches never seem to be yours.
Beckett : Fraud in Florida, embezzlement in North Carolina.
UNK: Gloria Chambers : I served my time for those prior misunderstandings.
UNK: And then you latched on to your next meal ticket, Constantine Pirelli.
Beckett : After him, it was Ernesto Cruz.
Castle : I hear they're very anxious for you to come back
Castle : with their money.
UNK: Gloria Chambers : I was married to those men. It was our money.
UNK: Johnny Dimes : I can tell you,
UNK: Gloria Chambers : I earned every penny.
Beckett : But as usual, you blew it all, and so you looked for your next ticket,
Beckett : which you found in Sarah Cutler.
Castle : You heard an interview where she mentioned being adopted.
UNK: You did a little research,
Castle : and then showed up as the long-lost mother.
UNK: Sarah might have been under the impression that she was my daughter.
UNK: Gloria Chambers : But I didn't kill her.
UNK: Gloria Chambers : And in my own way, I was...
UNK: Gloria Chambers : I was fond of Sarah.
Beckett : Fond enough that you were able to masquerade as her mother.
Beckett : You had motive to kill her,
Beckett : that's why you tried to flee the country.
UNK: Gloria Chambers : What motive?
Beckett : Her will shows that she planned to leave you $300,000.
UNK: Gloria Chambers : She's a generous girl, my Sarah.
Castle : She's not your Sarah.
Beckett : And that's not your money.
Beckett : You knew she wrote you into her will.
Castle : In fact, you probably planned it all along.
Beckett : So when she confronted you, you knew that you had a narrow window
Beckett : within which to kill her before she wrote you out.
UNK: Gloria Chambers : Here's your problem.
UNK: Gloria Chambers : I am not your killer.
UNK: Gloria Chambers : If I were you,
UNK: Gloria Chambers : I'd look into the other man in her life.
Castle : What other man?
UNK: The one that gave her the two-karat Arthur Klein earrings just the other day.
Beckett : Does this other man have a name?
UNK: Well, Sarah didn't tell me that.
UNK: Gloria Chambers : But whoever he was,
UNK: they must have just split up because he was trying to win her over.
UNK: Really? You're gonna point us to a mysterious stranger?
UNK: Gloria Chambers : It's the truth.
Beckett : Coming from a professional liar.
UNK: Gloria Chambers : I was nowhere near this godforsaken soap set when she died.
UNK: Gloria Chambers : I was doing something useful with my time.
Castle : Reading to the blind?
UNK: Mmm. Close. I was donating
UNK: Gloria Chambers : to the ponies.
UNK: Oh.
Esposito : OTB receipts in Gloria's purse put her betting on races until 10 : 00 p.m.
Beckett : And our time of death is estimated at 11 : 00 on the outside,
Beckett : and we don't have anything to tie her to the studio.
Castle : I thought fake mom was a lock.
UNK: It's starting to look less that way by the minute.
Ryan : I found the earrings that Gloria talked about in Sarah's apartment.
UNK: Fancy!
UNK: Yeah, over 10 grand worth of fancy.
UNK: Those are worth over 10 grand? For these?
Beckett : Lanie loves diamonds.
Castle : "Diamonds are forever, like my devotion to you."
Castle : Who writes notes this cheesy?
Ryan : Well, not the husband.
Ryan : I checked on his financials. He didn't buy them.
Beckett : Okay, so maybe Gloria was telling us the truth.
Beckett : Maybe Sarah was having an affair.