Castle : Well, that makes perfect sense.
Castle : Sarah was separated from her husband, Vince.
Castle : And after long, grueling days at work,
Castle : she'd go home to a cold, empty apartment.
Castle : Feeling lonely, betrayed,
UNK: she seeks comfort in the arms of this mystery man.
Beckett : And she decides that she wants her husband back,
Beckett : so she writes his mistress, Mandy Bronson,
Beckett : off the show in order to save their marriage.
Castle : And her next step would be to get rid of the other man.
Beckett : So maybe the other man didn't go off quietly into the night.
Ryan : Do you two practice this when we're not around?
Beckett : These earrings are exclusive to Arthur Klein's boutique in Chelsea.
Beckett : Let's find out who bought them.
UNK: Okay, so, Gloria is in the clear. Uniforms showed her photo at the OTB,
UNK: and a bartender there remembers seeing her at 11 : 15.
Castle : You know, I can see why she fell for Gloria's con.
Castle : Sarah was motherless, childless.
Castle : She was taking young writers under her wing.
UNK: She was looking for family.
Beckett : Wow, Castle. That's a refreshingly down-to-earth theory.
Castle : Just trying to keep you on your toes.
UNK: Hey!
Ryan : So, we ran down purchases at Klein's boutique and guess who popped?
Martha : - Lance Hastings? - Lance Hastings.
Esposito : That's not all.
Esposito : I ran Lance's credit card activity to confirm the purchase,
UNK: and something else caught my eye.
Esposito : Lance charged a cab ride to the studio the night of the murder.
UNK: Yeah, when we interviewed him, he said he went straight home at 6 : 00 p.m.
UNK: The cab company drove him back to the studio around 8 : 00.
Beckett : Okay, so, that falls right within the window of our time of death.
Beckett : Go pick him up.
UNK: Yeah, we already sent a uniform.
Ryan : He's not home and he's not answering his phone.
Castle : My mother was speaking to him earlier on set.
Castle : Hi, sweetie. Is Gram there? I need to talk to her.
Beckett : What's wrong?
Castle : I know where the killer is.
Castle : He's with my mother.
Beckett : Castle, it's okay. I'm sure your mom's not in any danger.
Castle : Yeah, you're probably right.
UNK: Lance Hastings : I'm sorry, my dear, but after everything I've told you,
UNK: Lance Hastings : I can't let you leave this room alive.
UNK: Lance, think about what you're doing.
UNK: Lance Hastings : I'm thinking about it. Think about us!
UNK: I can't let you live! - Can't you...
Castle : Drop the knife!
Beckett : Drop the weapon!
UNK: Lance Hastings : Wait a minute, wait a minute. Wait, wait!
Martha : Richard! What are you doing?
Castle : Nothing. Just saving your life. That's all.
Castle : She said drop the knife!
Martha : The only thing that knife could kill is butter.
Castle : What are you talking about?
Beckett : It's a prop.
UNK: We were just working on a scene.
Martha : Guys, it was completely my idea.
Martha : You know, the actor's version of "show me your golf swing."
Castle : The knife may be fake,
UNK: but the ax you put into Sarah's back was real.
Beckett : You lied to Detectives Ryan and Esposito
Beckett : regarding your whereabouts the night of the murder.
UNK: You want the truth?
Beckett : That would be a great place to start.
UNK: Lance Hastings : You can't handle the truth!
Beckett : Sir, I am not interested in your Jack Nicholson impressions.
Beckett : We know that you went back to the studio the night of the murder.
Beckett : And what I'm asking is why.
UNK: Lance Hastings : It was a friendly conversation between colleagues.
UNK: Lance Hastings : A friendly conversation in which she told you
Beckett : she was going to go back to her husband?
UNK: Lance Hastings : What the hell are you talking about? Why would she do that?
Castle : Because she was breaking up with you.
UNK: Lance Hastings : Is that what you think is going on here?
UNK: Lance Hastings : You think that Sarah and I were lovers?
Beckett : Did you or did you not buy
Beckett : an expensive pair of diamond earrings for her?
UNK: Lance Hastings : Yes, but not to woo her.
UNK: Lance Hastings : It was to encourage Sarah to let me out of my contract for a movie role.
UNK: Lance Hastings : A movie role?
UNK: Yes. The Coen brothers have asked me to play
UNK: Lance Hastings : Matt Damon's half-wit dad in their new movie.
UNK: Lance Hastings : It's a role of a lifetime.
UNK: Lance Hastings : It has nominations written all over it.
UNK: But that still doesn't explain why you went back to the studio that night.
UNK: Lance Hastings : I went to thank Sarah in person,
UNK: Lance Hastings : because my agent had called me that evening
UNK: Lance Hastings : to tell me that she had agreed to let me out.
UNK: Lance Hastings : The reason I didn't mention any of this
UNK: Lance Hastings : is I didn't want to risk missing work on the movie.
Beckett : Why didn't you just call her?
UNK: Lance Hastings : I wanted her to know how much I appreciated it.
Beckett : So you went back to thank her and that's it?
UNK: Lance Hastings : No. Not exactly.
UNK: Lance Hastings : When I got there, she was reading a script,
UNK: Lance Hastings : and she seemed upset.
UNK: Lance Hastings : I asked her why,