Castle : - Mother. - Hi.
Beckett : Martha, what a surprise.
Castle : Yes, what an unexpected surprise. What are you doing here?
UNK: Grieving.
Castle : You didn't even know the victim.
Martha : Darling, a loss for a show like this
Martha : is a loss for anyone who was ever part of its history.
UNK: And I think I can be of help here.
Martha : I think I could be your inside source.
UNK: I can get the scoop on what's really going on here.
Martha : And what better place to start than Lance Hastings.
Castle : You know him?
Martha : He was my love interest 30 years ago. On screen.
Martha : And off.
Martha : After my character married his character, Joseph Fox,
Martha : she was kidnapped, buried alive, trapped in a cave with bears,
Martha : kidnapped again, and held hostage in the sewers of Paris.
Beckett : How long were you on the show?
Martha : Three weeks.
UNK: Gotta go. Excuse me.
Castle : My mother gives new meaning to the word "transparent."
Beckett : - Martha. - Lance.
Martha : Darling, I know...
UNK: Reese Harmon : There's her account. What are you looking for?
Beckett : An e-mail that Sarah sent before she died.
Castle : There it is.
Beckett : "Meet me at the office ASAP."
Beckett : So Sarah had Mandy meet her here that night.
Castle : You think she found out about the affair, planned to confront her?
UNK: I don't know. There's an attachment.
Castle : It's a script for an upcoming episode.
Beckett : The characters are vacationing in Pamplona.
Castle : - Oh, my God. - Oh, my God.
Castle : Mandy Bronson's character is gored to death
Castle : while running with the bulls.
Beckett : Sarah brought her here to tell Mandy she was writing her off the show.
UNK: It looks like Mandy wrote her off first.
UNK: Castle. Come here, come here.
UNK: Dude, I know she's a murder suspect,
UNK: but you gotta admit, she is smoking hot.
UNK: Agreed.
UNK: So hot, in fact, it led to a torrid affair with Sarah's director husband.
Castle : Sarah found out about it, decided to kill off Mandy's character.
UNK: It doesn't get any soapier than that.
UNK: As in bananas?
Esposito : I used to watch it growing up with my grandmother.
Esposito : Bro, there was this one episode where Gabriela discovered
Esposito : that her husband was sleeping with her evil twin sister, Teresita,
Esposito : only to later find out that she had multiple personality disorder.
Castle : Wait, does that even qualify as cheating?
Esposito : - Dude. - What?
UNK: Don't over-think it.
UNK: Ms. Bronson, I'm curious how you felt
Beckett : when you found out that Sarah was gonna kill off your character.
UNK: Mandy Bronson : Kill off my character?
UNK: Mandy Bronson : That's ridiculous. I'm the reason the ratings were up.
Beckett : Well, then why did she write this scene
UNK: where Angela Cannon has an unfortunate encounter with a bull?
UNK: Mandy Bronson : Sarah probably writes a death scene for every character on the show.
UNK: Mandy Bronson : To keep the actors in line.
Beckett : She wrote those particular pages the night that she was murdered.
Beckett : While you were with her husband.
Beckett : He told us that you left right after you got an e-mail from Sarah.
Beckett : But you didn't go home, did you?
Beckett : You went to go and confront her.
UNK: Mandy Bronson : Sarah wanted to save her marriage.
UNK: Mandy Bronson : She thought the way she could do that was to get me out of the picture.
Beckett : And you wanted to urge her to reconsider,
Beckett : and when she didn't, you killed her.
UNK: I admit, I went to see the bitch.
UNK: I told her Angela Cannon is the heart and soul of the show,
UNK: Mandy Bronson : but when I saw she wouldn't back down, I left.
UNK: Mandy Bronson : I didn't need to kill her.
Beckett : And why is that?
UNK: Mandy Bronson : Because I still had a hand to play.
UNK: Mandy Bronson : But the second in command, Peter Connelly,
UNK: Mandy Bronson : he's the one the network really trusts.
Beckett : What is this other hand that you had to play?
UNK: Mandy Bronson : I did what any industrious actress would do.
UNK: Mandy Bronson : I went to his apartment straight from the studio
UNK: Mandy Bronson : and used my powers of persuasion to get him on my side.
Beckett : When did you leave?
UNK: Mandy Bronson : The sun was up.
UNK: And my character is still alive.
UNK: Peter Connelly : Yeah, she showed up at my apartment last night.
UNK: Peter Connelly : She was wearing a fur coat.
UNK: So?
UNK: Peter Connelly : Just a fur coat.
UNK: Peter Connelly : And I nearly had a heart attack when she let it slip open.
UNK: Peter Connelly : Years of fantasizing, and there she was, standing right in front of me.
Beckett : And what did she want?
UNK: Peter Connelly : She was all fired up about Sarah wanting to write her off the show.
UNK: Peter Connelly : So then I had to listen to Mandy
UNK: Peter Connelly : Just to make her stop, I agreed that I would talk to Sarah.