UNK: Lance Hastings : and she said somebody had betrayed her.
UNK: Who?
UNK: Lance Hastings : At first I thought it was me for taking the movie role.
UNK: Lance Hastings : But then, she said that someone wasn't who she thought they were.
Castle : And she didn't let on as to who this person was?
UNK: No.
UNK: I didn't wanna give her the opportunity to change her mind about the movie,
UNK: Lance Hastings : so I exited
UNK: Lance Hastings : stage left.
Beckett : Okay, found the deal memo that Sarah signed
Beckett : in order to get Lance out for his movie.
Castle : He wasn't lying.
UNK: My mother is never gonna let me forget this.
Beckett : Come on, Castle.
Beckett : She'll probably think it was sweet that you were concerned about her.
UNK: This is Martha Rodgers we are talking about.
Castle : I intruded on her "moment."
Castle : No, I will pay dearly.
Beckett : When Lance came here,
Beckett : Sarah told him that someone wasn't who she thought they were.
Beckett : Who do you think that was?
Castle : How about the woman who makes my mother look like a saint?
Beckett : Yeah, but Sarah already cut Gloria out of her life. Maybe...
Beckett : Maybe it was her cheating husband.
Castle : Except Lance met with Sarah after Mandy Bronson.
Castle : By the time Mandy showed up,
UNK: Sarah had already decided what she wanted to do with her marriage.
Beckett : Yeah, but even if Sarah decided
Beckett : that she was gonna get back together with Vince,
Beckett : it doesn't mean that she didn't have doubts.
Castle : No, no, you're right.
Castle : Except he has an alibi. Everyone has an alibi.
Beckett : Yeah, well, somebody out there doesn't, and we are gonna find them.
Castle : Maybe we should sleep on it.
UNK: Separately.
UNK: Katherine Beckett, I never...
Castle : Hello, ladies.
Alexis : Hey, Dad. Gram told me how you went all Jason Bourne on her date.
Castle : Come on, I think I deserve some kudos
Castle : for my selfless courage in the face of perceived danger.
Martha : Think what you will.
UNK: I have taken the liberty of selecting an apology gift.
Martha : Page 47, dog-eared for your convenience.
Castle : - The dress? - Uh-huh.
Martha : And the shoes. Oh!
Martha : And the purse.
Martha : Where did you get this, darling?
Castle : From a woman I met on the case. She's an aspiring writer.
Castle : In a moment of weakness, I told her I'd read it.
Martha : It's really pretty good.
Martha : She's got very vivid characters, well-plotted.
Martha : Pleasantly salacious.
Castle : Great. That's what I'll tell her.
UNK: Carrie Edwards : No, no, no.
Martha : You said you would read it, honey. You.
Castle : I will. I just have to do a little more thinking on the case.
Alexis : He's procrastinating.
Castle : - No, I am not. - I know!
Castle : I am just about to solve a critical piece of our mystery.
Martha : Now that you've determined that Lance is not the ax murderer.
Alexis : So, what's the critical piece of evidence, Dad?
Castle : Shortly before she died,
Castle : Sarah Cutler said that someone had betrayed her.
Castle : I think that person is our killer.
Martha : Well, then it could be anybody, darling,
Martha : because betrayal is a way of life on a soap opera.
Martha : And let me tell you,
Martha : and treachery and naked ambition.
UNK: And you know which people are the most manipulative and devious?
Martha : I do.
Castle : I know who betrayed Sarah.
UNK: There's nothing in my contract that says that I have to be...
UNK: I've got to rehearse.
UNK: - Off the phones, please. - Let's go.
Beckett : Okay, Castle. Let's go.
UNK: No, wait, no. Hang on.
Castle : I just wrote my first soap scene, which they are about to shoot.
UNK: Well, I'll catch it on TV. We've got an arrest to make.
UNK: No, no, no, wait. This scene is going to expose the killer.
UNK: "The play's the thing
UNK: "wherein we'll catch the conscience of the king." Hamlet.
UNK: "We already know who the killer is, so you're wasting my time." Me.
UNK: Not if it gets us a confession.
Director : Places, please. - They're starting. Let's go.
UNK: Okay, no. Send it back. Yeah. All right, thanks.
UNK: Hey, come on in, guys.
UNK: Thanks.
Beckett : Castle, what are...
UNK: Yeah, just... Just watch. Just watch.
UNK: Vince Powers : Can we close the down-stage door to get better eyes on Mandy, please?
UNK: Vince Powers : And clear the set. Here we go, everybody.
UNK: Vince Powers : In five,
UNK: four,
UNK: three,
UNK: two...
UNK: Vince Powers : Two's on the line.
UNK: Can't you at least knock? I'm changing.
UNK: Nothing I haven't seen before.