Beckett : Yeah, well, everybody processes their grief differently.
Castle : Yes, unless she's a gold-digging opportunist
Castle : who's insinuated herself back into her daughter's life,
UNK: because she'd in need of a heart transplant
Castle : and Sarah is the only compatible donor.
UNK: - Speaking of which, "FoxCan"? - Mmm-hmm.
UNK: Joseph Fox and Angela Cannon. How did you know their names?
Beckett : One of the uniforms briefed me.
UNK: Oh.
UNK: And "shippers"? Relationship fans?
Beckett : Castle, I do read, you know.
UNK: Cool.
Beckett : Excuse me, are you Reese Harmon?
UNK: Reese Harmon : FoxCanLover's real name is Carrie Edwards.
UNK: Reese Harmon : She won the set visit from a literacy charity that Sarah supported.
UNK: She paid $ 1,000 for it.
UNK: Reese Harmon : Everything was fine at first, but when she saw Sarah,
UNK: Reese Harmon : she got in her face and started yelling, "You ruined everything."
Beckett : Did she ever send Sarah any threatening letters?
Beckett : Anything that you might have on file?
UNK: Reese Harmon : No, but she did write some pretty awful things on her blog.
UNK: Reese Harmon : I'll show you that.
Castle : If Sarah was working late, why weren't you here?
Castle : You're her assistant.
UNK: Reese Harmon : I usually stay, but Sarah wouldn't let me.
Beckett : Why not?
UNK: Reese Harmon : One of her passions was helping young writers.
UNK: Reese Harmon : She got me a position at the network fellowship program.
UNK: Reese Harmon : We had a mixer last night.
UNK: Reese Harmon : She was supposed to come, but she never showed.
Beckett : When was the last time you saw her?
UNK: Around 6 : 30. I brought her a coffee and scone.
Castle : Here it is. Last week, the day of the set visit,
UNK: look at what she wrote.
Beckett : "Made it onto the set, but didn't complete the mission."
Castle : Look at the most recent post.
Castle : "Last time, I failed. This time, I will succeed.
UNK: "She's been stabbing us loyal fans in the back.
UNK: "Now it's our turn to take her down."
UNK: "It's time to give her the ax."
UNK: Carrie Edwards : - She's dead? - Yeah.
UNK: Sarah Cutler is dead?
UNK: Carrie Edwards : This is the best news ever.
UNK: Carrie Edwards : Can I send a quick tweet?
UNK: Carrie Edwards : Not cool?
UNK: Carrie Edwards : I'll wait.
Beckett : Must've been difficult not to blog about it last night.
UNK: Carrie Edwards : Yeah, how would I know?
UNK: Wait.
UNK: Carrie Edwards : You guys think I had something to do with this?
Beckett : Well, I mean, your blog clearly spells out
Beckett : your determination to take out Sarah.
UNK: Carrie Edwards : But everybody talks tough on the Internet.
Castle : You wrote, "It's time to give her the ax"
Castle : the day she was killed with an ax.
UNK: Okay, no. I can explain this.
Beckett : We already figured it out.
Beckett : You bought the set visit to get closer to Sarah.
UNK: Your visit was cut short.
Beckett : You came back last night when no one was around,
Beckett : and then you remembered there's an ax on the soundstage.
UNK: Carrie Edwards : No, no, no. I bought the set visit
UNK: Carrie Edwards : because she was being swayed by the CanFonsos.
UNK: Who?
UNK: Carrie Edwards : The CanFonsos. The opposition.
UNK: They believe that Angela Cannon
UNK: Carrie Edwards : should be together with Alfonso Dominguez.
UNK: Carrie Edwards : I was trying to convince her that Angela belongs with Joseph!
Castle : With an ax?
UNK: Yes!
UNK: Vince Powers : Wait, no. I was organizing a protest, okay?
UNK: Carrie Edwards : We were gonna send a whole bunch of axes to the head of the network,
UNK: Carrie Edwards : demanding that Sarah be fired.
UNK: Carrie Edwards : I've got everybody on my website doing it.
UNK: Carrie Edwards : We want them to know that we think Sarah's ruining the show!
Beckett : Where were you last night between 7 : 00 and 11 : 00?
UNK: Carrie Edwards : I was chatting with the other FoxCans.
Castle : Wild guess. Alone?
UNK: Carrie Edwards : No. No, and I can prove it.
UNK: Carrie Edwards : Mary and Dennis were home.
Beckett : And those are your roommates?
UNK: Carrie Edwards : No, my parents.