Castle : I know you aren't cooking breakfast, so what is all this?
Martha : Spring cleaning.
UNK: Ooh!
UNK: Well, Mother, I am shocked that you even know how to operate a sponge.
Martha : I have cleaned before.
UNK: Well, I've supervised cleaning before.
Castle : And what has prompted this sudden burst of domestic devotion?
Martha : The space for my acting school won't be ready for another month,
Martha : Alexis is all busy with her AP tests.
Martha : - My lunch date canceled. - Oh.
Martha : And if I don't do something productive, I'm gonna tear my hair out.
Martha : So out of my way.
UNK: All right, then.
UNK: Oh!
Castle : Speaking of hair.
Castle : Hello, Beckett.
UNK: Yes. 177721 st Street. All right, I'll meet you there.
UNK: Did you say 177721 st Street?
Castle : Yeah. There was a murder there. Why?
Martha : I know that address. That's Gemstar Studios.
Castle : The soap opera you used to be on.
Martha : I hope it's nobody that I know. Maybe I should go with you.
UNK: It's a crime scene, Mother. For trained professionals.
Martha : Richard Castle, you are neither trained nor a professional.
Castle : I'll text you with updates.
Esposito : Victim's name is Sarah Cutler.
Esposito : Looks like she was killed last night and stuffed into a closet on set.
Beckett : Was she a part of the production?
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : Let me guess, the diva actress that everyone hated?
Esposito : Actually, Castle, she was a writer.
Esposito : A writer?
UNK: Why would anyone wanna kill a writer?
Beckett : So many reasons.
Castle : Or maybe, Sarah discovered that Greek billionaire Mikkos
Castle : had invented a machine that could cause blizzards,
Castle : that would plunge the entire world into an ice age.
Beckett : Really? You're gonna go with a evil weather machine?
Castle : It already happened.
Castle : Look, bear in mind, we're entering into a world of epic drama
UNK: with larger-than-life characters,
UNK: each one teeming with twisted secrets and personal intrigue.
Castle : It stands to reason that the motive for this murder
Castle : will be worthy of a soap opera.
Beckett : Castle, even in a world of epic drama,
Beckett : the motives are usually quite ordinary.
UNK: Now, does this look ordinary to you?
UNK: The victim with an ax in her back on the set of her own show.
Castle : Odds are the killer walks amongst us on this very soundstage.
UNK: So, what have we got?
Lanie : Her spinal cord was severed with the ax.
Lanie : Upon contact, her lungs filled with blood, causing her to drown.
Lanie : I can put the time of death in a four-hour window,
UNK: somewhere between 7 : 00 and 11 : 00 p.m. last night.
UNK: And where did this ax come from?
UNK: It's the fire ax on the stage.
Esposito : Crew members think it might be symbolic.