UNK: And enjoyed immensely.
UNK: Really?
Castle : It's a soap opera. I had to honor the form.
UNK: What are you doing here, Joseph?
UNK: If this is about our relationship...
UNK: No, it isn't.
UNK: It's about your research paper.
UNK: The one I had you submit for the Montenegro Journalism Fellowship.
UNK: Is there news about the winner?
UNK: The thing about the fellowship
UNK: is that it can open doors.
UNK: It launches careers.
UNK: That's why I recommended you.
UNK: Vince Powers : Over to one.
UNK: So, did I win?
UNK: Three.
UNK: I went to the coffee shop this morning,
UNK: and a barista there asked me to read an article
UNK: that she had written for her college paper.
UNK: Oddly enough, it was identical to yours.
UNK: There must be some mistake.
UNK: No, just the one you made
UNK: in assuming that you could pass off somebody else's material as your own.
UNK: You are a fraud, Angela.
UNK: And I am going to call the fellowship and let them know that exactly.
UNK: And by the way,
UNK: you're fired.
UNK: Vince Powers : And cut. Nice job, people.
UNK: Reese Harmon : I don't understand. This is...
UNK: Reese Harmon : This is not the scene that we worked on yesterday.
UNK: Peter Connelly : We made some adjustments.
Castle : And yet, it has an oddly familiar ring to it.
Beckett : Reading other people's scripts is a part of your job, isn't it?
UNK: Reese Harmon : What are you accusing me of?
Castle : Did you not see the scene?
Castle : If you're going to be a writer,
Castle : you have to have a better grasp of subtext.
UNK: Vincent Powers : Look, I...
UNK: I might have mixed up some of the scripts,
UNK: Reese Harmon : but I was at the fellowship mixer the night that Sarah died.
Castle : Nobody there remembers seeing you after 8 : 00 p.m.
UNK: Sarah was killed with an ax, Reese.
Beckett : Whoever killed her got blood on their clothes and on their shoes.
Beckett : Some of it invisible to the naked eye.
Beckett : But it doesn't matter how much you try to wash it, it's still there.
Beckett : I have officers at your apartment.
UNK: Reese Harmon : You have no idea what I did for her.
UNK: Reese Harmon : Picking up her dogs, picking up her dry cleaning.
UNK: Reese Harmon : The late nights, the weekends, no vacation.
UNK: Reese Harmon : You try writing a script with all of that going on.
UNK: Reese Harmon : I worked too hard
UNK: Reese Harmon : to let it end that way.
UNK: I deserved that opportunity.
UNK: Reese Harmon : And I could not let her take that away from me.
Castle : It was never yours to begin with.
Esposito : Killing Sarah to keep a lid on her plagiarism? That's cold.
Beckett : And pretty ordinary, as far as motives go.
Ryan : She didn't want to put in the work, so she took a shortcut.
UNK: Only there are no shortcuts in writing.
UNK: Nope, but there is to our favorite bar.
Ryan : I found a new route that'll get us to the Old Haunt in eight minutes.
Ryan : You up for a beer? Come on, I know the owner.
Esposito : Yeah, I'm down, bro. How about you, Castle?
Beckett : Right behind you.
UNK: What?
Castle : Got you a present.
Beckett : How did you even get this?
Castle : I know people who know people.
UNK: Okay.
Beckett : I was nine, and I had to get my tonsils taken out
Beckett : and I was miserable.
Beckett : And so my mom took time off of work, and stayed with me
Beckett : and cuddled up in front of the TV on the couch,
Beckett : So every time I see it now, it just...
Beckett : It makes me feel like home, and safe.
Beckett : So there you go. Judge away.
Castle : My DVR
Castle : But I am glad to know this about you.
Castle : I'll leave you to it.
Beckett : Hey, Castle, thank you for the photo.
Castle : I'll see you.
UNK: Hey!
UNK: Lance Hastings : After all these years,
UNK: Lance Hastings : all the times I could've been holding you in my arms.
Martha : Then let's not waste more time with words,
Martha : let's just let our lips do the talking.
Castle : You two running lines again?
Martha : Oh! Well, no, no! We were just...
Martha : You know, talking.
UNK: Oh.
Castle : Oh! Um...
UNK: I'm gonna... I'll just... I'll go to the...