UNK: Symbolic?
UNK: When Ms. Cutler took over writing the show,
Esposito : first thing she did was kill off one of the main characters with an ax.
UNK: It helped save the show, but some of the fans were unhappy.
Lanie : You damn right we were unhappy.
UNK: and then, all a sudden...
UNK: Lanie.
Lanie : Right. Based on the CSU sweep, she was killed right here.
Lanie : The killer wiped up the blood spatter and shoved her in the closet.
Castle : Which means they knew there was a closet to shove her into,
Castle : suggesting someone familiar with the layout.
Castle : An insider, perhaps.
Ryan : I just checked with security. They're on high alert now,
Ryan : but as you can tell, things aren't exactly buttoned up around here.
Beckett : And what about the cameras?
Ryan : Only one at the main entrance.
Ryan : But no one was manning the entrance to this soundstage.
Beckett : Oh! So it is possible that someone from the outside got in.
Beckett : Have you talked to next of kin?
Esposito : Husband was on set when the body was discovered.
Esposito : Turns out he's one of the directors.
UNK: Okay. So, why don't you guys get statements
Beckett : from the actors that found her?
Beckett : Castle and I'll talk to the husband.
UNK: Right.
UNK: Lance Hastings : It's tragic, really. Sarah was a gem. Supremely talented, too.
UNK: Mandy Bronson : It all begins with the words.
Esposito : But it's also how you say them.
UNK: Mandy Bronson : So true.
UNK: Mandy Bronson : My performance brings Angela Cannon to life.
UNK: Mandy Bronson : Without Sarah's words,
UNK: I'd just an incredibly gorgeous woman named Mandy Bronson.
UNK: Lance Hastings : She really understood Joseph Fox.
UNK: Lance Hastings : My character. He's very complicated.
UNK: Complicated?
UNK: A five-year-old could write him.
UNK: Lance Hastings : I'd be insulted if you actually knew anything about acting.
UNK: Ms. Bronson, what time did you leave the studio last night?
UNK: We wrapped at 6 : 00 and I went straight home.
UNK: I drew a bath,
UNK: Mandy Bronson : poured a glass of wine, put on a little John Legend.
UNK: Mandy Bronson : Then I slipped out of my silk robe
UNK: Mandy Bronson : and let the bubbles soak every inch of my body.
UNK: Wow.
UNK: Dude.
Esposito : - Dude. - Dude.
UNK: I was just...
Ryan : - Mr. Hastings, how about you? - Ditto.
Ryan : You also drew a bubble bath and listened to some John Legend?
UNK: Lance Hastings : No, I left right after we wrapped.
Esposito : And when did you last see Sarah?
UNK: Lance Hastings : She came down to the set right before we shot a love scene.
UNK: Mandy Bronson : More like a torture scene
UNK: Mandy Bronson : with me getting smothered by his bulk.
UNK: Why don't get your ass to the gym?
UNK: I'll go to the gym if you pop a Tic Tac the next time we have to kiss.
Ryan : Can we get back to Sarah for just one more moment?
Ryan : Did she have any enemies in the production?
UNK: Lance Hastings : No, no. Sarah was wonderful. Everybody loved her.
UNK: Mandy Bronson : Yeah, she treated everyone with respect.
UNK: Mandy Bronson : I can't imagine who would do this.
Beckett : Mr. Powers, when was the last time you heard from your wife?
UNK: Vince Powers : I spoke with Sarah last night.
Lanie : Right here, right where we're standing right now.
Beckett : And what did the two of you talk about?
UNK: Vince Powers : End of the day, just touching base.
Beckett : What time was that?
UNK: Maybe a little after 6 : 00.
Beckett : Didn't you find it strange that Sarah didn't come home last night?
UNK: Vince Powers : I'm used to it. Sarah's the head writer.
UNK: Vince Powers : Long hours writing scripts kind of comes with the territory.
Castle : She have any trouble with cast or crew?
UNK: Vince Powers : Well, everybody here has an agenda
UNK: Vince Powers : and Sarah had to make a lot of tough decisions,
UNK: Vince Powers : but nobody here would actually hurt her.
UNK: I mean, we're like a family.
Beckett : And what about anyone outside the show?
UNK: Vince Powers : No, not that...
UNK: Vince Powers : - Wait. - What?
UNK: FoxCanLover.
UNK: "FoxCanLover"?
UNK: Vince Powers : About a week ago, Sarah had this crazy,
UNK: Vince Powers : obsessed fan kicked off the set.
UNK: Vince Powers : She writes an unofficial blog about the show.
UNK: Vince Powers : She's a shipper who goes by the screen name "FoxCanLover."
UNK: A "shipper"?
Beckett : Yeah. It's a person who invests in the relationships of a show.
Beckett : In this case, it would be Joseph Fox and Angela Cannon, hence "FoxCan."
UNK: Exactly. But when she gets here, she loses it, goes crazy.
UNK: Vince Powers : Threatens Sarah. Security has to escort her off.
Beckett : Do you know the lady's name?
UNK: No, I don't, but Sarah's assistant would. Reese Harmon.
UNK: Gloria Chambers : Is it true?