Cameron : Are you comparing House to Hitler?
Chase : Oh, God.
Cameron : Just because I don't think he's Hitler doesn't mean I slept with him.
Cameron : I don't sleep with everyone who's better than Hitler.
UNK: Maybe Taub's right. Maybe this is good.
Thirteen : This is not good.
Foreman : He respected our opinions, he mocked himself, he was civil, he shared.
Thirteen : He didn't care.
Foreman : He never cares.
Thirteen : He didn't vote. He always cared about one thing,
Thirteen : solving the puzzle.
UNK: But he was irrelevant in that diagnosis, he had no opinion of his own.
Thirteen : He now cares about nothing.
Chase : You had no choice, you had to treat him. What's done is done.
House : You know that thing I was going to tell you? I gotta tell you.
UNK: I got to tell someone. You have to swear not to tell C.B.
UNK: Whatever. That's not swearing, that's shrugging.
House : It's actually the opposite of swearing.
Wilson : I won't tell Amber.
House : My team thinks that I have syphilis.
UNK: Do you? Not yet.
Wilson : Why do they think you do?
UNK: Because I knew they had access to an old blood sample.
House : I knew they'd test it sometime for something.
Wilson : Why would you swap your blood? What are you afraid they'd find?
House : Shut up, you're missing the point. Now they think that I'm on penicillin.
Wilson : Is this some clever practical joke that I'm not aware of?
House : And as I get better, I get nicer.
Wilson : That's brilliant.
House : Foreman thinks I actually value his opinion.
House : Thank God he said PFO or I'd have had to do some dancing.
House : You got time for bowling?
House : Come on, it's work hours.
Wilson : I'll get my shoes.
UNK: So we don't need to talk about... No.
UNK: You're gonna keep screwing... Yeah.
UNK: And you're gonna keep talking about it. We are who we are.
Wilson : I'll get my shoes.
Kutner : Okay, got a good view of the heart.
Taub : What if we lower House's dosage? Maybe stabilize him?
Taub : He doesn't get worse, he doesn't get better.
Kutner : Quite the line to walk. If we're wrong, he dies of neurosyphilis.
Taub : If we don't, other people die.
Kutner : Other people who aren't our boss.
UNK: People.
Kutner : This sucks. The guy had a gift. I killed...
Kutner : Hi. What...
Amber : House doesn't have syphilis.
Amber : He switched the blood samples.
Taub : How do you know that?
Amber : House told Wilson.
UNK: I wanted to ruin House's day. See you.
UNK: We're idiots. We're not idiots.
Kutner : Positive blood test means positive blood test.
Taub : Apparently not.
Taub : There they are. Let's see if they...
Taub : What are you doing? We're not done.
Kutner : He doesn't have syphilis.
House : I know.
Kutner : Patient tested positive for syphilis, right?
House : Is this some sort of recap?
Kutner : But why did he test positive for syphilis?
UNK: Oh, oh, I know this.
Kutner : Either, one, he has syphilis.
UNK: I was gonna say that.
Kutner : Or two, the test was wrong twice.
Kutner : Or three, he gave us someone else's blood.
UNK: Who? Amber.
House : Get that idiotic smile out of my face, I got to go on a killing spree.
Kutner : Or four, he has something that tests positive for syphilis.
UNK: It's not Chagas. He worked in Costa Rica,
Kutner : before he was married.
House : Is two a spree or do I have to kill you too?
House : Chagas wouldn't explain the niceness.
Kutner : I've heard of remote tribes that actually practice acts of kindness.
Kutner : Or the Chagas caused encephalitis.
House : The MRI showed no signs...
Kutner : Until we started him on steroids, compromised the immune system
Kutner : and let the infection flare up.
UNK: I did another one. It's not much.
House : It's plenty.
House : You figured this out because I don't have syphilis?
UNK: Damn.
UNK: It should have been my epiphany.
UNK: Good news and bad news.
House : Good news is, we know what you have,
UNK: it's treatable, and you're going to live.
UNK: Really?
Deb : What's the bad news?
House : The cure is a grueling course of pills.