House : Joint custody.
Amber : Of Wilson?
House : Unless we have another love child.
Amber : Deal with him.
House : He needs a mother figure.
House : I'm not saying you're not entitled to spend time with him.
House : I'm just saying I'm entitled, too.
Wilson : I don't know how to deal with him when he's being reasonable.
Amber : This is reasonable? This is crazy.
Amber : You're not a child, you can make your own plans.
Wilson : No. Crazy is what House would normally do in this situation,
UNK: swap your lubricant with super glue.
House : The man knows me.
Wilson : This is his way of accepting us.
House : It's actually a very touching moment.
House : I'm proposing I get every other day and every other weekend.
Amber : I have Yoga Wednesdays, you can have him then,
UNK: but you have to have him home by 11 : 00.
Amber : We can swap weekends.
House : Mondays and Wednesdays. And midnight.
UNK: If he's not home till midnight, we won't be asleep till almost 2 : 00.
House : Wilson, make a ruling.
UNK: No.
Wilson : You two are like dogs circling each other in the park.
Wilson : And I say that with all the love in the world.
Wilson : You need to sniff each other's butts, bare your teeth
UNK: and arrive at some strange détente.
Wilson : Otherwise you'll end up biting each other's eyes out.
Wilson : Again, with all the love in the world.
House : I'll let you sniff first.
Amber : Take my deal or get out of my apartment.
House : Take my deal or I move in.
Foreman : This guy worked for Habitat for Humanity in Costa Rica.
Kutner : And coaches handicapped kids.
Kutner : You think we should do a work up, on the other coaches?
Foreman : It is possible he's too perfect.
Kutner : I'm not saying he's perfect, I'm saying he's trying to be.
UNK: It's what people do.
UNK: What?
Foreman : That's not what people do.
Kutner : People usually suck, but they want to be good, want to be nice.
UNK: House?
Kutner : Exception that proves the rule.
Foreman : What sort of argument is that?
Kutner : Bad one.
Foreman : That might be relevant.
Foreman : Hydrofluoric acid. Lowers his calcium, causes the fainting and taste issue.
Kutner : But not the niceness.
Foreman : Wouldn't that be nice?
House : You are King Solomon.
House : If you want us to cut him in half, we're cool with that.
Amber : My boyfriend's too much of a wuss to make the call for himself.
Amber : And I mean that with all the love in the world.
Wilson : I'm gonna piss off one of them. And they both scare me.
UNK: "Your treatment of patients is reprehensible. "
Wilson : You're reading his performance review?
Cuddy : I'm busy. We have a nurses' strike.
UNK: "Your management of employees borders on abuse. "
Amber : Let's go.
Wilson : No, I... I want to hear it.
UNK: "You are overtly contemptuous of hospital hierarchy. "
House : And covertly.
House : But I suppose, you didn't know about that.
UNK: "Your attitude towards supervisory personnel is disrespectful.
UNK: "And a disturbingly large proportion of your comments are racist or sexist. "
House : That top makes you look like an Afghani prostitute.
House : Would be an example of that.
Cuddy : Sign this.
UNK: House, I got the... It can wait.
House : I will sign if you will give us a ruling.
Cuddy : I will give you a ruling if you do the reviews on your team.