Kutner : I'll go run the tests.
Foreman : He doesn't think it's syphilis but he's gonna go run those tests anyway.
House : Because he doesn't know, that's why we do tests.
Foreman : Because he's a wimp. Because he's afraid of you.
House : You want me to intimidate him into not being afraid?
House : Not sure I know how to do that. Reviews make a difference.
Foreman : People have to listen, so they have to learn...
UNK: I don't think the right time to tell the dog not to pee on the rug is semi-annually.
Foreman : You don't want to do the paperwork.
UNK: I am concerned about the rain forest.
Foreman : I'll do it.
House : I know.
Jeff : I don't have syphilis.
Kutner : You don't know.
Jeff : How many ways are there to get it?
Kutner : You can know who you had sex with, you can't know who she...
House : I do.
Kutner : Not for sure.
Jeff : It's a waste of time. I had a stroke. You can't keep wasting time.
Jeff : We were tested for the Peace Corps.
Kutner : Ten years ago.
Kutner : You haven't been with your wife every minute of every day.
Jeff : You think I'm naive, don't you?
Kutner : I think you're... Yeah.
Jeff : I know my wife.
Kutner : She's not perfect.
Jeff : I'm not perfect. But she loves me.
Jeff : And she's always loved me. Every minute, every day.
House : You're 15 minutes late.
Guy : Have you heard the good news?
House : Miley Cyrus is playing a third night at the Spectrum?
UNK: Happiness is possible. And not just in this life but in the next. Where you can...
House : Oh, you're selling religion! I'm sorry, I bought some Islam yesterday.
Guy : Well, it's where your light showed signs before mending...
Guy : Have a good evening.
UNK: You're late. Fifteen minutes.
UNK: Sixteen minutes. My sixteen minutes.
UNK: So keep him an extra sixteen minutes.
House : You hear that? She doesn't care.
UNK: You're going mini-golfing, what's it matter? You've got a tee-off time?
House : It matters because you don't get to decide what matters.
Wilson : It was my fault. I had to take a shower.
Amber : Which was my fault.
UNK: I have to take a dump.
House : Anything else I don't need to know before you leave?
Amber : Have fun on your play date. You've got mommy's numbers, right?
House : Daddy needs a drink.
Thirteen : I was thinking, if we discount the niceness issue...
Foreman : Sit down.
Thirteen : I think it's a heart defect. Nothing on the echo.
Thirteen : Could be a patent foramen ovale. Explains the stroke and the syncope
Thirteen : and a PFO wouldn't show up on a routine echo.
UNK: I'm going to do a bubble test.
Foreman : You got a minute, first?
UNK: Sure.
Foreman : I think you've shown remarkable strength in a difficult situation.
Thirteen : Are you giving me a performance review?
Foreman : A good one.
Thirteen : I'm gonna do a bubble test.
Kutner : There was enough blood left over from his admission work up to run the VDRL.
Foreman : You doubted your patient?
Kutner : No, what I thought didn't matter.
Kutner : House said he wouldn't let us go on until we ruled out neurosyphilis.
Foreman : It's not neurosyphilis, it's a PFO.
Kutner : It's neurosyphilis. The tests were positive.
Taub : It's always the same conversation. They tell you you must be mistaken,
Taub : which is why I always run the tests twice. Then they blame the other guy.
Taub : Which makes sense if they're innocent. But, obviously, half of them aren't.
Taub : They don't seem to get that they're busted. Scientifically proven.
Thirteen : Unless your spouse cheated, too.
Taub : Exactly. That's what you're praying for in that moment, that she cheated, too.
Taub : And then, if she doesn't kill you, you know that she did.
UNK: You'd know she betrayed you.
UNK: And then you realize that that sucks worse.
Jeff : The test must be wrong.
Kutner : I ran it twice.
Jeff : Not that test. The one I took 10 years ago.
Jeff : What other explanation is there?
Deb : He really sees no other possibility.
Kutner : Did you have an affair?
UNK: No.
Kutner : Then why aren't you angry with him?
Deb : You ever know anybody who's just too nice?
UNK: No. It's annoying.
UNK: Then you realize it's annoying because they remind you of what you're not,
Deb : that you'll never be as good as they are.
Deb : And then you think, why can't I?
Deb : And before you know it,
Deb : that naive idiot you laughed at
Deb : has made you a better person.
Deb : You really think I've been in love all these years with a symptom?
Kutner : If syphilis caused lesions in his brain,
Kutner : and the lesions caused personality changes...
Kutner : You may notice a change in him, as his condition improves.
Deb : I know my husband. He's not going to change.
Kutner : You should get yourself tested.
Kutner : So much for the bell curve.
Kutner : How can House be an ass without it being an illness,
Kutner : but niceness is a biological crime?
Taub : You got five bucks?
UNK: Yeah...
Taub : Niceness just cost you five bucks, being an ass generally turns a profit.
Foreman : Kutner, could you excuse us? I need to do Taub's review.
Taub : You can stay.
Foreman : I think it'd be better if this was done privately.
Taub : This isn't going to be done.
UNK: What is with you guys? I've given you advice before.
Taub : Not as our boss.
Foreman : What's the difference? Advice is advice.