House : I'd be happy to continue the mockery of this process.
UNK: What did you offer him? Wednesdays till 11 : 00,
UNK: and alternate weekends.
UNK: Wednesdays till 11 : 00, and alternate weekends.
House : Yes! Wednesday nights are Ladies' Nights at Cheetah's.
Kutner : Calcium's normal.
House : Wow. It really could wait.
UNK: Everything's normal. And you thought it wouldn't be?
Kutner : He's a carpet cleaner, he's got a home full of hydrofluoric acid.
House : Doesn't mean his calcium should be low.
UNK: Yeah, actually, it kind of does. HF causes lower levels of...
UNK: Lower, not low. Lower than normal.
House : Lower than yesterday. Yesterday might have been high.
House : What's lower than high?
Kutner : He actually has hypercalcemia,
Kutner : which is being lowered to normal by the HF.
House : So what gives us elevated calcium, bad taste and fainting?
Kutner : I take it you know.
UNK: Get the team. This is gonna be fun.
House : Hello, again.
House : These people think you're not too nice.
Jeff : Too nice? For what?
House : For life as we know it to have evolved without an intelligent designer.
House : I'm going to prove them wrong.
House : Your wife is very ugly.
UNK: Get out of here. Deb...
Jeff : He's obviously trying to prove a point.
House : I think I just did. You're either perfect or you're sick.
UNK: And in my experience, sick is much more common.
Deb : He's not sick. He's nice.
House : Nice in the sense that your toaster is nice for making you breakfast.
House : It's the only thing his wiring will let him do.
House : He has Williams Syndrome.
House : Your husband is missing the genes that make him suspicious.
Deb : You're wrong, he's...
House : Relax, there's no cure.
UNK: He's gonna go right on tasting lemon meringue pie,
House : fainting and being a sap.
Taub : What about the other symptoms?
House : He has no other symptoms.
Taub : But Williams does.
UNK: He's got the teeth, the glasses...
Taub : Williams cuts IQ by 20...
House : He doesn't work in the physics department,
House : except when they spill a black hole on their carpet.
Thirteen : Elfin appearance?
House : Yeah, he's more Legolas than Keebler.
House : Bet you he can still crack off a batch of Pecan Sandies.
Kutner : Perfect pitch?
House : You love to karaoke, right?
UNK: I suck. Modest.
House : Another symptom.
Deb : No, he really does suck.
UNK: Give us a warble. Know any Cher?
Jeff : No, but I know Bread.
UNK: Baby, I'm-a want you
UNK: Baby, I'm-a need you
Jeff : You're the only one I care enough to hurt about
UNK: Maybe I'm-a...
Deb : What's the matter?
Thirteen : He's stroking!
House : Not a moment too soon.
Deb : You were wrong.
House : Why do people say that with such pleasure? It's very hurtful, you know.
Thirteen : It means the patient gets to keep being nice. Why does that offend you?
House : It's the way he said it.
House : He wasn't relieved, he was excited. He was also wrong.
Wilson : And I say that with no sense of pleasure.
Kutner : Patient tested negative for Williams,
Kutner : which means the stroke and everything else wasn't caused...
UNK: You have a friendly demeanor but you sometimes get too involved.
House : You relate well to your peers and patients and you complete tasks in a timely manner.
House : Please sign.
UNK: What the hell was that? I have to give
House : each of you performance reviews.
House : Plenty of other conditions can cause debilitating niceness.
Foreman : How is that supposed to help him?
UNK: I don't know, how was it supposed to help Wilson?
House : Cross out Wilson's name and the date and then fill in your own.
Foreman : The point of a review is to give feedback to help...
House : I'm thinking neurosyphilis.
House : Wouldn't show up on the MRI without contrast.