Molly : This is the last thing Jack ever gave me
Molly : on the last night I ever spent with him.
Molly : Jack said if things broke bad, he wanted me to give this to the police.
Beckett : TSA tore most of them out, but a few terminals still have them,
Beckett : and this one is the closest to Coonan's apartment.
UNK: Wait, wait, no, no, no, wait, don't do that.
Beckett : - What? - Once you open it, then we'll know.
UNK: Could be an alien corpse in there, Ark of the Covenant...
UNK: Or Johnny Vong DVDs.
Esposito : You gotta be kidding me.
Esposito : This is what Coonan wanted to give to the feds?
Beckett : Hold on.
UNK: No.
Beckett : This is.
Beckett : - Heroin. - That was so cool, just now.
Beckett : Coonan wasn't going to the feds to rat out his Westie pals.
Beckett : He was looking to rat out the drug dealer
Beckett : Finn Rourke sent him to find.
UNK: Only the dealer flips the script,
Esposito : knifes Coonan before he can close the deal with the feds.
Beckett : So then we find the dealer and we find the killer.
Castle : These boxes say the DVDs were packaged in Hong Kong.
Castle : Someone must be slipping the heroin in before they ship.
Beckett : Which means someone on this end had to know
UNK: which boxes contain the drugs.
UNK: And which boxes contain the secret path to financial independence.
UNK: What?
Beckett : It had to be someone in Johnny Vong's organization.
UNK: Yeah! I don't care if you're busboy.
UNK: Johnny Vong : I don't care if you wear the green apron
UNK: Johnny Vong : and serve fancy coffee to a jerk talking on his Bluetooth.
UNK: Johnny Vong : - I was like you once. Love you!
UNK: Johnny Vong : Then I discovered the one secret that changed my whole life.
UNK: Johnny Vong : Who out there is ready?
UNK: This place reminds me of my second wedding.
UNK: Yeah!
Vong : Who is ready to close escrow on a new life?
Esposito : Come on!
Esposito : Don't even think about taking them off. If you do, I will pepper-spray you.
Beckett : - Mr. Vong? - Thank you!
Beckett : Mr. Vong, I'm Detective Kate Beckett with the NYPD.
Beckett : - I'd like to ask you a few questions. - Sure. Sure, sure.
UNK: We believe that one of your employees was smuggling heroin into the country
Beckett : using your supply chain.