UNK: I cannot believe that you didn't tell me we are still married!
Ross : Look, I was going to tell you.
Rachel : When? After the birth of our first secret child?
UNK: Ross didn't get the annulment. We are still married!
UNK: -You're kidding. -Oh, my God!
UNK: It wasn't my best decision, but I couldn't face another failed marriage.
Chandler : At what point did you think this was a successful marriage?
Ross : Rach, come on. If you think about it, it's actually kind of funny.
UNK: Maybe it's best not to think about it.
Phoebe : This is inexcusable. I'm shocked to my very core.
Ross : Phoebe, I told her you already knew.
Phoebe : Another lie. You have a sickness!
UNK: For my own peace of mind, are you married to any more of us?
UNK: Look, Rach, I was going to tell you.
UNK: I just wanted to do it in my own way.
UNK: Yes, silently, with no words.
UNK: Look, in Ross' defense, okay...
UNK: The One With Joey's Porsche
UNK: I make 4 bucks an hour. I saved up for 350 years.
Joey : Did anybody lose their keys?
Monica : Put them in the lost and found.
UNK: There's a lost and found?
Joey : My shoe!
Chandler : You left a shoe here?
UNK: I didn't realize till I got home. I wasn't gonna walk back with one shoe.
UNK: I'll go find that guy's car and leave a note on the windshield.
Chandler : When he comes back for his keys, I'll give him your shoe.
Joey : Great. Thanks.
UNK: Oh, good. You guys are here. Listen.
UNK: How would you like to spend tomorrow taking care of three cute puppies?
Monica : My God! What a fun day! Sounds great!
Chandler : Yeah, all right.
UNK: I'll bring them by tomorrow morning.
UNK: By the way, they're not actually puppies.
UNK: They're Frank and Alice's triplets. See you.
UNK: What?
Phoebe : Please, please, please? Frank and Alice...
UNK: asked me to baby-sit them. I'm nervous. I've never done that.
UNK: Don't worry. We'll do it.
UNK: I'm gonna pass, because I was kind of iffy when it was puppies.
UNK: Come on, Chandler. It'll give us great practice for when...
Monica : people with babies come to visit.
Rachel : So I still have boxes here.
Rachel : I still have boxes at Ross'.
Rachel : And I have nowhere to live.
Rachel : I could so easily freak out right now.
UNK: What about me? Denise is leaving town for a while. I don't have a roommate.
UNK: Well, maybe I could be your roommate, Phoebe.
Phoebe : Maybe you could be my roommate!
UNK: Well, there's an idea!
Rachel : That would be great!
Rachel : -How long is Denise gone for? -She said she'd be back December 26th.
Phoebe : December 26th.
UNK: Maybe she's Santa Claus.
Rachel : Oh, look who it is. My husband, the apple of my eye.
UNK: Okay, I got us a court date for tomorrow at 2...
UNK: and I picked up all the forms.
UNK: I'll take care of it.
UNK: Sure, if you say you'll take care of it, I have no reason to doubt you.
Rachel : Give me those forms.
UNK: I'm gonna do this my way and I don't wanna hear a peep out of you.