Monica : Yeah, two hours, a lifetime, that's the same.
Chandler : Check it out! When the babies wake up...
Chandler : they can meet Krog!
UNK: That thing could put someone's eye out.
Chandler : He can do more than that. He can destroy the universe.
UNK: They could swallow one of those little parts.
Phoebe : Also, look at his smooth area. That's just gonna mess them up.
UNK: It's just not an appropriate toy for 1-year-olds. Or 30-year-olds.
UNK: They won't swallow anything. You're too overprotective.
UNK: When I was a kid, my mom used to throw me into a pile of broken glass.
UNK: -What? -Glass, sand, whatever.
Phoebe : Look at little Leslie stretching in her sleep.
UNK: Oh, it's so cute.
UNK: I wonder when you stop putting both legs behind your head.
Phoebe : I can still do that.
Monica : How are you still single?
UNK: I thought about it and maybe you're right. Maybe Krog is not a safe toy.
Monica : -What made you change your mind? -I swallowed his sonic blaster gun.
Phoebe : How did that happen?
Chandler : I was trying to prove that I was right.
Chandler : And it turns out I was wrong...
UNK: and now it's lodged in my throat.
Monica : This whole time we were concentrating on the babies...
Monica : and no one was watching Chandler!
UNK: You are asking the court for an annulment?
UNK: Yes, Your Honor. Here are our forms, all filled out.
Judge : So based on your petition...
Judge : you are seeking an annulment on the grounds...
UNK: that "Mr. Geller is mentally unstable."
UNK: Fine. I'm mentally unstable.
UNK: And based on the fact that "Mr. Geller is an intravenous drug user."
UNK: -What? -Yes. Heroin and crack.
UNK: Crack isn't even an intravenous drug.
Rachel : Well, you would know.
Judge : Now, it also says here that you...
UNK: "lied about your sexual preference before marriage."
Ross : Oh, come on.
Rachel : Ross, please. I found the magazines.
Judge : And finally, that you were "unable to consummate the marriage."
Judge : Well, that makes sense since you're gay and addicted to heroin.
UNK: You know, I'm sorry, this is insane.
UNK: I'm not addicted to heroin, I'm not gay and there is no problem...
Ross : with my ability to consummate anything.
UNK: I'll consummate this marriage right here, right now!
UNK: That won't be necessary.
Ross : And when we were dating, we consummated like bunnies.
UNK: If you were involved in a serious relationship, that creates a problem.
UNK: Rest assured, that relationship ended two years ago.
Rachel : Strike "consummated like bunnies" from the record.
Judge : Is there anything in this record that is actually true?
Rachel : Well, yes. We got married in Vegas.
Rachel : And the names, I think.
UNK: That's not the way the legal system works.
UNK: This process is based on an objective review of the facts, not of the lies.
UNK: Objection!
UNK: -It doesn't work like that either. -Overruled.
UNK: Oh, stop it.
UNK: Based on what I've heard, you certainly don't qualify for an annulment.
UNK: If you don't wanna be together, file for divorce.
UNK: That's great. You happy? Look what you did with your funny, funny form.
Rachel : What? Me? What about you and your "consummated like bunnies" nonsense?
Ross : What are you typing that for? She said we don't get the annulment.
UNK: Don't type that. What..
Ross : Stop typing!
Ross : Stop typing!
UNK: "Stop typing, stop typing!"
UNK: Okay, do you see what you're keeping me married to?
Judge : Get out of my chambers.
UNK: Lady, here's the deal.
Rachel : I came here for an annulment and I'm not leaving here until I get one!
UNK: -Would you like a night in jail? -Thank you for your time.
UNK: That Porsche guy took his car back.