Ross : I picked up the divorce papers.
UNK: I've already signed everything. I put little X's where you need to sign.
UNK: Little X's. Great! That makes up for everything.
UNK: You know, you've done a lot of stupid stuff too, okay?
Rachel : Name one stupid thing that is as stupid as this one.
Ross : How about you flew to London to stop my wedding?
Ross : You told me you loved me after I was married.
UNK: Wait, that was different. I did those things because I was in love with you.
UNK: Right.
UNK: You're right. That's very different.
UNK: So let's just sign the papers.
UNK: What?
UNK: Nothing.
Ross : Okay, can we just sign, please?
UNK: Congratulations.
UNK: Okay, wait, Ross. Wait a minute.
UNK: I kind of have a little confession.
UNK: What?
UNK: Well, you know, this whole marriage thing.
UNK: Kind of my idea.
Ross : Excuse me?
Rachel : Remember how we were too drunk to remember anything when we were married?
UNK: I didn't really wanna say anything, but it just kept coming back to me.
UNK: We were in the casino and you thought it'd be funny to eat a lot of grapes.
Rachel : And I thought it would be funnier if we got married.
UNK: So as a compromise we decided first to get married and then...
Rachel : to eat a lot of grapes.
UNK: Sorry I got us into this whole thing.
UNK: So then if you think about it...
UNK: this is all your fault.
UNK: Yeah, don't push it, though.
UNK: I gotta say...
Ross : I know I divorce a lot of women.
Ross : Never thought I'd be divorcing you.
Monica : I know.
UNK: I always thought if we got married, that'd be the one that stuck.
UNK: And it wouldn't be a secret...
UNK: and we wouldn't have our wedding dinner at Pizza Hut.
Ross : Did I even treat?
Rachel : No, it was on the house. It was a newlywed special.
Ross : That may be the most depressing thing I've heard.
UNK: I should get these to my lawyer's office.
UNK: Thanks for taking care of all this.
Ross : No problem.
UNK: -I'm gonna need a copy of those. -Totally.
Joey : Careful around my Porsche!
Woman : Hi, Joey.
UNK: Hey. How you doing?
Woman : He has the most amazing Porsche under there.
UNK: I'd show you, but I just tucked her in. She's sleeping.
UNK: Would you like to go for a drink?