UNK: I don't know.
Chandler : My mother spent most of her money on her fourth wedding.
UNK: She's saving the rest for her divorce.
Chandler : And any extra cash my father has he saves for his yearly trips to...
UNK: ...Dollywood.
Rachel : - What happened at dinner? - My parents spent the wedding fund.
Phoebe : My God, what did you order?
UNK: Wait, there's no money? Well, this is terrible.
Rachel : You guys are gonna have to get married in, like, a rec center.
UNK: Oh, my God, you're right.
UNK: We're gonna have to be out by 6 so they can take out the floor for senior swim.
UNK: - Honey, it's gonna be okay. - No, it's not gonna be okay.
Monica : - No swing band, no lilies. - No, but that's good.
UNK: You don't want lilies.
UNK: If a cat ate them, it would die.
Chandler : - What? - I'm just saying, now you could invite cats.
UNK: It's gonna be okay.
UNK: I mean, you don't need to have this...
Rachel : ...rustic Italian feast.
UNK: You don't need this custom-made...
Rachel : ...empire-waisted, duchess satin gown.
UNK: You can wear off-the-rack.
UNK: It's really gonna be okay.
Chandler : The important thing is that we love each other and we're gonna get married.
Rachel : Do you even understand what "off-the-rack" means?
UNK: Why don't you pay for it yourself?
UNK: How? I don't have any money.
Chandler : - Well, I have some. - How much?
Chandler : Well, close to...
Monica : - Are you kidding me?! - How much?
UNK: - Enough for wedding scenario A. - Really?
UNK: Scenario A has lilies. Someone's gonna have to break it to the cats and it won't be me.
Monica : How great are you, you little saver!
UNK: This is exactly the budget of my dream wedding.
Rachel : You guys are so made for each other.
UNK: You're not suggesting that we spend all of the money on the wedding?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Look, Mon, I've been saving this money for six years...
UNK: ...and I kind of had some of it earmarked for the future, not just for a party.
Phoebe : Hello, Mr. Chandler.
UNK: Sweetie, this is the most special day of our lives.
UNK: I realize that, honey, but I'm not gonna spend all the money on one party.
UNK: Honey, I love you.
UNK: But if you call our wedding a party one more time...
Monica : ...you may not get invited.
UNK: We can always earn more money. We're only gonna get married once.
Chandler : I understand, but I have to put my foot down. The answer is no.
UNK: You're gonna have to "put your foot down"?
Ross : Yes, I am.
Phoebe : Money and a firm hand.