Foreman : Weren't you just upstairs with...
Chase : It wouldn't have happened if not for you, buddy.
Chase : Someone had to distract the sober friend.
Foreman : I'm not here to be your wingman.
Chase : I'll be your wingman this time.
Foreman : I didn't come here to get laid either.
Chase : Then don't.
Chase : Talking to beautiful women isn't nearly as much fun
Chase : as watching Taub not talking to his wife.
Taub : I went through your e-mails.
Rachel : There's nothing in there that's inappropriate.
Rachel : We're friends, Chris.
Taub : But you tell him things that you've never told me.
Rachel : I tell him things I can't tell you, that's the point.
Taub : Not things about me, about you.
Taub : About your new job, about coloring your hair,
Taub : about how you felt when your mother died.
Taub : I want to know those things.
Rachel : He's easy to talk to.
Rachel : He's open and honest. He makes me feel safe.
Taub : Sounds like you love him.
UNK: I'm not having an affair.
Rachel : He lives in Oregon. I've never met him. I probably never will.
Taub : You are having an affair, an emotional one.
Rachel : Are you equating what I'm doing with what you did?
Taub : I've done terrible things to you.
Taub : And I deserve all of this and more.
Taub : But you can't pretend that what you're doing isn't hurtful.
House : Someone looks lovely tonight.
Cuddy : Thank you.
House : I meant me.
UNK: But someone else looks simply stunning.
House : That was you.
House : And the blonde at the bar.
Cuddy : Just to be clear, this whole little act isn't gonna work.
Cuddy : I need an apology, not flattery.
House : It's not an act. It's the wedding.
Cuddy : You hate weddings.
House : I thought I did. Then I realized I've never been to one.
UNK: Never?
House : Turns out they're kind of fun.
Chase : Well, I can't complain about my boss. He's right here.
Nika : You're his boss?
Chase : Only Mondays through Fridays.
Chase : On the weekends, he's my bro.
Foreman : This round's on the bro?
UNK: Um...
Masters : I'm sorry about your daughter.
Masters : I never meant to hurt her.
Ramon : You just thought she'd change my mind.
Masters : I was surprised she didn't.
Ramon : So was I.
Ramon : I didn't tell you the truth.
Ramon : When I said I'm not afraid to die.
Masters : But you're going straight to heaven, so...
Ramon : That's what I believe. But I'm human.
Masters : So you know you may be wrong.
Masters : How could you do what you just did?
Ramon : That's why we have beliefs, so we can still see the right thing to do
Ramon : when we're blinded with doubt and fear.
Ramon : Our beliefs define us. If we lose them, who are we?
Taub : Look, I'm sorry. I didn't mean for it to go that way.
Rachel : You think I'm being selfish but I'm not.
Rachel : He makes me feel better about me and about us.
Taub : Well, that is hard to believe
Taub : because all I feel right now is betrayed.
Rachel : I never wanted that.
UNK: Good.
Taub : Because just like you asked me to stop my behavior,
Taub : I'm asking you to stop this.
UNK: No?
Rachel : I'm not gonna lie to you.
Taub : Is this revenge?
House : I don't know.
Rachel : But I do know that it's something I need right now.
House : What would you wear?