House : I forged your signature.
Cuddy : Thank you for your honesty.
House : Think of it as a present.
House : See, somebody is about to turn the big 4-5 in several months,
House : and somebody else wants to make a very big deal of it.
UNK: 4-3.
House : 4-3. Are you sure?
UNK: Very.
House : How could I make such a mistake? In reading your HR file.
House : Oh, no, wait, I didn't.
UNK: And boom goes the dynamite! Scores are tied. We are even-steven.
Cuddy : You're right, I did lie. To HR, not to you.
Cuddy : When I first applied for the VP admin job, I was 29 years old.
Cuddy : I knew I'd be taken more seriously if I were in my early 30s,
UNK: so I added two years to my age.
House : You lied to make yourself older?
House : Are you lying about being a woman?
Cuddy : Even if you can trap me,
UNK: do you think I'll suddenly embrace the value of lying?
House : My point is you already have. I just need to prove it.
Taub : Chickens aren't roosting. She's just got a friend.
Taub : A guy she met in an online support group for cheating spouses.
Chase : I've heard of that group. It's called Irony.
Taub : You think she's cheating on her spouse
Taub : with someone from a cheating spouse support group?
Chase : Sounds like the perfect place to hit on vulnerable women.
UNK: Look. Multiple dense lesions.
Chase : It looks like MS.
Masters : How did we miss MS?
Chase : It was hiding behind the malnutrition.
Chase : MS. Attacks the immune system. No system, no symptoms.
Taub : And now we're feeding him so they're both back.
House : How are you feeling?
UNK: Terrible.
UNK: Obviously.
House : Where are your friends? Still casting lots for your clothes?
Ramon : All I ask is that they pray for me.
House : Always sacrificing, very inspirational.
House : The lesions are in your temporal lobes.
House : When those areas get messed with,
House : people have strange experiences.
House : Like hauntings, alien abductions, past lives...
Ramon : Deals with God?
Ramon : You didn't come to see if I was better,
Ramon : you came to see if your medicine has turned me into an atheist.
House : I'd settle for agnostic.
Ramon : Faith is not a disease.
House : No, of course not.
House : On the other hand, it is communicable and it kills a lot of people.
Ramon : I can't move my arm.
House : You feel that?
House : Your friends are not praying hard enough.
Chase : It's not MS.
UNK: Paralysis is a symptom of MS,
Foreman : so are leg pain and pseudo bulbar affect.
Chase : He's getting worse on the prednisone. It's not MS.
Taub : The MRI was clear, he has lesions.
UNK: It could be an AVM, cerebral infarction.
House : Let's put it to the vote.
House : Vest or cummerbund?
UNK: Cummerbund.
House : You know me,
House : I can't say no to any of you guys. You're all correct.
House : He has MS. But not the friendly Mr. Rogers MS.
House : This is the weird-guy-in-the-panel-van kind.
Masters : Marburg MS?
House : What did I just say?
Masters : He'll be dead in two to three days, at the most.
House : That's unless we can get someone to nail
House : themselves to a cross as soon as possible.
House : Or stem cell treatment.
Taub : That's an experimental treatment.
Foreman : That's had promising results with
Foreman : demyelinating diseases. It's our best shot.
Chase : It would be if it wasn't embryonic stem cell treatment.
House : Our patient's right of the pope,
UNK: he's never gonna consent to that.
UNK: I know that, you know that, but he doesn't know that.
House : But now she knows that, he's gonna know that.
House : Way to go.
House : Confirm Marburg. Then see if he's a fair-weather flagellator.
UNK: You looking smashing, Miss Moneypenny.
UNK: Cummerbund? Very foolish, Mr. Bond.
Wilson : The daughter's case checks out.
Wilson : Stereotactic biopsy confirmed stage IV glioblastoma multiforme.
UNK: It doesn't respond to chemo
Wilson : but they gave it to her anyway as a Hail Mary and just got lucky.
House : So either God intervened, which is a lazy explanation,
House : or we just don't know why, which is no explanation.
Wilson : Sometimes there is no explanation. And I'm just fine with that.
House : Which annoys me to no end.
Wilson : I need that file, that chair and that desk.