House : Your woman is fudging the facts.
House : Five of those cases, the stated doses
House : don't explain the radiation damage.
Wilson : Sensitivities vary.
House : Not that much.
Wilson : Yeah. That's what I thought.
Wilson : I asked her point-blank about this.
Wilson : She said the dosages were accurate,
Wilson : and that she had done nothing wrong.
UNK: Because morally she didn't.
House : All five patients were terminal,
House : she exceeded the dosing protocols to try to save their life.
House : You'd have done the same.
House : She's a sap and she's perfect for you.
House : I hate rehearsal dinners almost as much as I hate weddings.
House : The only reason anyone gets married
UNK: is because Homo erectus females
UNK: needed protection from predators while breastfeeding.
UNK: And the only reason these two are getting married
UNK: is to throw an obnoxious gala to make the rest of us feel unworthy.
House : Even though we know in two years
UNK: the lawyers are gonna be fighting over the Bentleys.
UNK: That'd make a lovely toast.
House : She's got looks, he's got money.
House : One of them is bound to run out.
Cuddy : I give it 19 months.
House : That's very specific.
Cuddy : No fault divorce in New Jersey requires
Cuddy : couples to live at least 18 months apart.
Cuddy : I'm actually only giving it a few weeks.
UNK: I thought I was supposed to be the dark one.
Cuddy : Not today.
UNK: Yeah.
House : You're gonna have to go stag. My patient is refusing treatment.
Cuddy : And you care?
House : No, but it's an excuse you can't argue with.
Ramon : Accepting this treatment is an insult to God.
Ramon : I can't expect him to keep our deal.
House : You already broke it.
UNK: Your blood test shows you were loaded with ibuprofen.
Ramon : Taking painkillers breaks my deal?
House : The point is to suffer like your savior did, right?
House : Well, he didn't take myrrh, the Tylenol of ancient Rome.
House : And his nails went through his wrists, not through his palms.
House : Palms are for sissies.
House : And what about the 39 lashes,
House : and the beatings and the crown of thorns?
House : What you go through is closer to a bad manicure than a crucifixion.
Ramon : It's not about showing God my pain,
Ramon : it's about showing him my faith.
Ramon : If he asks me to die for my daughter, I'll do it gladly.
House : Don't make this about your daughter.
UNK: You're just worried that we'll find a cure that will cost you your faith,
UNK: and you'll be like the rest of us.
Ramon : Alone and afraid? You're right. I don't want that.
Masters : You're smiling.
Masters : Does that mean that you're comfortable with your choice
Masters : or that you're afraid?
Masters : Because this may be your only hope.
Ramon : You can prescribe a lot of things but hope isn't one of them.
House : Sticking by your convictions and damning the consequences.
House : You two have a lot in common.
House : You're both idiots.
Masters : All convictions equally ridiculous?
House : Just when they're applied indiscriminately to all circumstances.
Masters : He needs to see his daughter.
Masters : And tell her he's dying because God doesn't want him to take his medicine.
Masters : Honesty's not all bad.
House : Get her in here.
Marisa : You don't have to die. Not if you take the medicine.
Ramon : The treatment violates God's laws.
Ramon : He doesn't want me to take it.
Marisa : But God doesn't want you to die.
Marisa : He doesn't want anyone to die. He's all about love.
Ramon : I know this is coming from your mother.
Marisa : This is coming from me.
Marisa : I'm the one who almost died, I know what it's like.
Marisa : You're my daddy, you can't die.
Ramon : I wish I didn't have to.
Marisa : You don't have to, Daddy. Just take the medicine.
Marisa : You always tell me to take the medicine. Please.
Ramon : One day, you're going to understand.
Marisa : No, I'm not.
UNK: I'm never going to understand that.
Marisa : If God could do this, I hate God.
Chase : I just spotted a couple of hot girls by the chocolate fountain.