Wilson : It could be a misdiagnosis or it could be spontaneous remission, but...
Wilson : Why would I lie about this? I don't know yet.
UNK: But you would've dropped off your tie, it's got a mustard stain.
Wilson : I was buying an engagement ring.
Wilson : I'm gonna propose to Sam at the wedding.
House : That is the second stupidest thing I've heard today.
House : And I'm surprised how close you came.
UNK: You didn't need to buy her a new ring.
House : Isn't the first one good for all-you-can-marry?
Wilson : I assume you haven't apologized to Cuddy yet.
Wilson : Your stupidity demands equal time.
House : Nothing to apologize for.
Wilson : Pretend to apologize.
House : You want me to lie?
Wilson : There's a lovely symmetry to it.
UNK: A lie got you into it, a lie gets you out of it.
House : Everybody lies. I'm sure Cuddy...
House : Just need to give her a chance.
UNK: Yeah, that must've been what I meant.
Foreman : Have you seen the bride-to-be?
Chase : Gorgeous woman half his age. He's a lucky guy.
Wilson : - Yeah. - For a while.
Masters : My father's 19 years older than my mother
Masters : and they've been happily married for 32 years.
Foreman : I'm guessing your dad wasn't on the Forbes 400
Foreman : and your mom didn't look like a swimsuit model.
Foreman : Sorry, that didn't come out right.
Masters : My father was the classics chair at Columbia and my mother was his student.
Masters : His gorgeous student.
Taub : What's it mean when somebody takes their cell phone into the bathroom
Taub : when they're taking a shower?
Foreman : Means they don't want you to check their calls, e-mails or texts.
Chase : If we're talking about your wife,
Chase : it means the chickens are coming home to roost.
Chase : Taub has been known to dabble.
Chase : Used to be.
Masters : Maybe it's just a habit. I do that with my cell phone and I live alone.
UNK: She has a meeting today at 1 : 30, at a hotel.
Master : I'm gonna go with the chicken thing.
Master : Negative for toxocara, bacteroides, ascaris, everything.
Chase : So what looks like an infection but doesn't test like one?
UNK: Animals.
Chase : I'm sure your wife's just seeing a dude.
Taub : Patient works for Morgan Timber Works, card's in the file.
UNK: "Specializing in stables, barns and stalls."
Taub : He works around animals. Rhodococcus equi.
Chase : Unless this guy's sleeping in the manger.
Taub : Or has a history of open wounds.
Taub : We think you have rhodococcus equi, a horse infection.
Taub : It's pretty rare in humans but easily treatable with antibiotics.
Ramon : Does it make your teeth fall out?
UNK: No.
Chase : Then again, maybe we were wrong.
House : Fever, coughing up blood, coughing up teeth.
House : Either God sweetened the deal with a no-flossing clause, or...
Taub : Radiation sickness.
Chase : Yeah, maybe the carpenter builds microwave ovens.
UNK: Kaposi sarcoma?
Foreman : No skin lesions.
Chase : Heavy metal poisoning fits, canned tuna, sushi, lead paint.
House : Heavy metal it is. Do a home search and a peripheral smear.
Taub : I can't. I have a personal errand to run.
House : Trying to catch your wife cheating?
Taub : Why would you say that?
UNK: Missing mojo, posture slumped, expression defeated,
UNK: you didn't try to back up your theory. And Chase told me.
UNK: Go, find your mojo.
UNK: Shopkeeper, I need a patient file.
Cuddy : Ask records.
House : Not one of our patients',
House : my patient's daughter. Ask your patient.
House : He thinks I only want it to debunk his faith.
Cuddy : And why would he think that?
House : Because he's strangely perceptive for an idiot.
Cuddy : And I'm going to violate patient privacy laws just to keep you happy?
House : You keep me happy, I return the favor. Think of it as tat for tit.
Cuddy : When we're at work, we need to focus on our work thoughts.
Cuddy : Why are you wearing that?