House : there is no God.
House : 'Course, if your daughter gets hit by a meteorite today,
House : I would have some serious egg on my face.
Masters : You're smiling. I assume that means you're miserable.
Ramon : It means I'm happy.
UNK: This doesn't mean God doesn't exist,
Ramon : it just means he's truly merciful.
Ramon : My beautiful Marisa was right,
Ramon : God is all about love.
House : Punishment is proof of God and no punishment is proof of God.
House : Ingenious argument.
Ramon : Faith isn't an argument.
Ramon : I'd like to see my daughter.
Masters : Everyone else knew?
House : Everyone I could trust. So, yes.
Masters : If you had told me, he'd be dead by now.
Masters : So why do I still want to tell the truth?
UNK: Either you're na : ïve, or you have scruples. I'm not sure which is worse.
Masters : This is insane. We can't work like this.
Taub : I can.
UNK: Sam?
Sam : Sorry, I was hoping to be done before you got home.
Wilson : We had a fight. We had one fight.
Wilson : And I admitted I was wrong.
Wilson : We can talk about it, we can get over it.
Sam : This is about trust.
Wilson : I never lied to you about anything.
House : I know, and I always trusted you.
UNK: I...
Wilson : Maybe we could talk to a counselor.
Wilson : You said that helped after our divorce.
Sam : It did, and I think I changed a lot.
Wilson : And I haven't. This is my fault?
Sam : I know where this is going.
Sam : And I don't want to go there again.
Wilson : You're quitting, Sam. You're quitting again.
UNK: So I guess you haven't changed that much.
Cuddy : Good work today.
Cuddy : Don't even think your patient's gonna sue.
Cuddy : Looks like everybody's happy.
House : I've been an idiot.
House : I got this argument stuck in my head.
House : If everybody lies, then trust is not only unfounded and pointless,
House : it's fictional.
House : But trust is not an argument that can be won or lost.
House : Maybe I just have to suspend my cynicism and believe.
House : Maybe it's time I took a leap of faith.
Masters : I'm sorry.
House : I won't lie to you again.
Cuddy : Thank you.
Wilson : Sam left me.
House : What a moron.
Wilson : Too soon. I'm still in love with her.
House : I meant you.
Wilson : Do you have a drink? Or drinks?
House : Cuddy's coming over.
Wilson : Does she know you're here?
House : I apologized to her.
Wilson : Good for you.
House : Not really, I lied.
House : I just took your advice. Too bad you didn't.
Wilson : Good for you.