House : It's my dressy casual. What do you think?
Cuddy : You look like Wilson.
Cuddy : It looks weird.
UNK: But you knew I'd think that,
Cuddy : which makes me wonder why you look disappointed.
House : If you prick me, do I not bleed?
Cuddy : You knew I wouldn't like it but you thought I would say I did.
Cuddy : That's what this is about. You're trying to trap me into lying to you.
House : You sure? That sounds so juvenile.
Chase : You're okay with burglary now?
Masters : I asked his permission.
Masters : The reason we don't ask permission
Masters : is we're afraid the patient is going to hide something.
Masters : But our patient hasn't been home,
Masters : lives alone, doesn't have any help,
UNK: and has no motive to hide anything.
Chase : You ask for his key, too?
Masters : Oh! Doesn't have one.
Chase : And now we know why.
Chase : You think he's crazy?
Masters : Crucifixion's pretty convincing evidence. Lead paint?
Chase : Place is too new.
Chase : He believes in a higher power that can affect his life,
Chase : like most people on the planet.
Masters : True. On the other hand, crucified himself.
Chase : No canned tuna and I don't think we have to worry about sushi.
Masters : No computer, no television, no music. What does he do?
UNK: He reads. Prayer has been proven to aid recovery.
Masters : Only if the person knows they're being prayed for.
Masters : Means there's no objective effect.
Chase : So faith comes from within. Not exactly a newsflash.
UNK: I guess worry is good for the waistline.
Chase : It's not worry, it's starvation.
Chase : His tooth didn't fall out because of heavy metal poisoning,
Chase : it fell out because of malnutrition.
Masters : He does have rhodococcus equi.
Chase : Taub was right.
Chase : He just didn't know why.
House : - It's locked! - I'm busy.
House : I'll wait.
Wilson : I really am busy.
House : Cuddy got me the daughter's file.
House : Well, not Cuddy, exactly. Her signature.
House : Well, not exactly her signature.
Wilson : Another lie?
House : Thought you could take a look at it for me.
Wilson : Maybe you hadn't heard, I'm kind of busy.
House : With what?
UNK: Sudoku. What do you think?
Wilson : I'm the head of oncology in a major hospital.
House : And yet these files are not from this hospital.
House : These are from Where-My-Fiancée-Works Memorial.