UNK: Lisa?
Jerry : You're Lisa Cuddy.
Cuddy : What's this about?
Jerry : I'm sorry. I'm Jerry Barrett.
UNK: I recognized you from the photos.
Jerry : They barely do you justice.
Cuddy : The usual.
Jerry : I'm friends with your sister.
Jerry : She showed me your photos.
Jerry : I work at the bank across the street.
Jerry : Julia's my client. She wanted to set us up.
Cuddy : I'm afraid you have me mixed up with somebody else.
Jerry : No, I don't think so. I've seen many pictures of you, several times.
Jerry : That didn't sound the way I...
Cuddy : I guess I just have one of those faces.
Cuddy : Nice to meet you.
UNK: Yeah. Say hi to Lisa Cuddy when you meet her in the office you share.
Cuddy : Oh, thank God!
Cuddy : The ICU isn't being attacked by giant radioactive spiders.
House : Did I text you that? That was meant for my dream journal.
House : I wanted to return your stuff.
House : Don't worry, I didn't go AWOL.
House : I had my wife-maid bring it over.
Cuddy : My sweater, a coffee mug,
House : Given your thing for Owen Wilson,
House : I thought you might want those last two back ASAP.
Cuddy : I don't get it. You masturbate to Owen Wilson.
Cuddy : I meant the box.
UNK: Oh.
House : It's a symbolic gesture.
House : I want things to go back to the way they were before we started dating.
House : No more bad feelings, no more issues. Just work.
House : Thanks for coming.
Cuddy : I haven't even spoken to you since you hurt yourself.
House : I was self-destructive.
House : It won't happen again.
House : I'm making changes. I'm gonna stop doing stupid things.
UNK: Great.
Cuddy : The smart thing to do would be to talk about why you did it.
Cuddy : If you don't understand...
UNK: I think I can avoid putting another hole in my leg
House : without talking about my mother.
UNK: I don't wanna find out you're wrong
Cuddy : by getting another phone call from you in a bloody bathtub.
House : I'm a big believer that the best way to get past the past
House : is to shoot it in the head,
House : bury it in a deep pit and pour lye on it.
Cuddy : I'm just asking you to talk about it.
Cuddy : You owe me.
Cuddy : Forget about saving your life,
Cuddy : you exposed my daughter to that obnoxious pirate cartoon.
House : Bring me lunch tomorrow and we can plumb my depths.
Luca : I should have known the gallery wasn't ventilated enough.
Thirteen : Hey, if it wasn't for you,
Thirteen : we'd be treating her for third-degree burns, too.
Afsoun : That was a mistake.
Afsoun : He shouldn't have interfered.
Luca : I told you I'm sorry.
Luca : I want to share your commitment,
Luca : but it's hard for me sometimes.
Foreman : Like when she read your love letters
Foreman : in the middle of the New Museum?
Luca : That was a year ago, and we're not together anymore.
Foreman : Seriously, you weren't really gonna let that guy set you on fire?
Foreman : He was just a plant to get the crowd going, right?
Afsoun : If that's your interpretation, I welcome it.
Luca : Afsoun believes explaining her work limits its potential.
Luca : But between us, he was real. And a total dick.
Foreman : No sane person would let themselves
Foreman : be burned alive for the sake of art.
Afsoun : My work is meant to force the audience to break with the rational
Afsoun : and see things in a new way.
Foreman : Fine. No sane person would let themselves be burned alive
Afsoun : to break with the rational.
Afsoun : I feel...