Thirteen : That's Afsoun Hamidi. She's a genius.
Thirteen : She just won the MacArthur, legally proving it.
Thirteen : Just had a retrospective at the Tate Modern.
UNK: No, but I subscribed to her patient file.
Chase : House, you should relax. You had surgery this morning.
House : Minor surgery, removing a drain.
Chase : Put there during major surgery.
House : My doctor says it's okay as long as I don't leave my hospital bed.
Taub : Which doctor was that, Seuss or J?
UNK: Nurse!
Nurse : Dr. Hourani wrote it in his chart.
Thirteen : I'm surprised he approved it.
Thirteen : I'm more surprised you actually asked.
House : I do things like that now.
House : I'm making some changes.
House : Like skipping ahead to minute 37.
Chase : What is that, paint thinner?
Chase : I'm not gonna watch a woman get set on fire.
UNK: Philistine.
Thirteen : Who's the guy with the notebook who can't decide what to do?
House : Her assistant. He's been instructed not to intervene.
House : Spoiler alert, he does.
House : For her, it is, literally, heartbreaking.
House : Let the games begin.
UNK: Arrhythmia, high hematocrit
Chase : and inconsistent RR variability.
Foreman : You forgot about the fourth symptom, "being completely crazy."
Thirteen : One man's crazy is another woman's art.
Thirteen : Her work explores things like gender politics and self-image.
House : And the pressing issue of shaving your entire body in public
House : while wearing a monkey mask.
Thirteen : She saw her mom commit suicide
Thirteen : and was abused by her stepdad for years.
Foreman : Didn't say the crazy wasn't motivated.
Thirteen : Well, she took that pain and transformed it into art.
Thirteen : That's better than a lot of the alternatives.
Foreman : I still vote for nuts.
Foreman : We should run a resting state functional MRI
Foreman : to look for increased activity in the dorsal nexus.
House : She's not nuts.
UNK: The monkey mask shaving medium really speaks to you?
House : What speaks to me is she's elevated being full of crap
House : to a genuine art form.
House : And made a fortune doing it.
UNK: People who pay 20 grand for one of her video stills,
House : on the other hand,
House : really do need their dorsal nexi checked.
Thirteen : Maybe the paint thinner set off an allergic reaction.
Chase : Not without bronchospasm.
Taub : There was a space heater next to her in the gallery.
House : Carbon monoxide poisoning.
House : It fits.
House : Put her in a hyperbaric chamber.