Rachel : Hey, I'll see you Monday.
UNK: Are you tired?
Monica : You better believe he's tired after the day we had!
Monica : If you know what I mean. Do you know what I mean?
Chandler : Honey, the tortilla chips know what you mean.
UNK: Do you like that badge I got you?
Chandler : Oh, yeah, it's so cool.
Chandler : Now, I gotta go. Officer Bing's got a 10-100.
Chandler : That's pee-pee.
UNK: Phoebe, you have a twig in your hair.
UNK: We kind of took a detour on our way over here.
UNK: We were strolling through the park and no one was around, so...
Monica : -You didn't. -We did!
Phoebe : We violated section 12, paragraph 7 of the criminal code.
Monica : The park, huh?
Monica : Public place.
UNK: I hear you. Can you excuse me for a second?
Monica : Hi, Chandler.
Chandler : Monica, this is the men's room.
Chandler : Isn't it?
Monica : Yes, it is.
Monica : I've always found the men's bathroom very sexual. Haven't you?
UNK: No.
Chandler : And if I did, I don't think we'd be going out.
UNK: Okay, I don't want to disappoint you...
UNK: ...and I really don't want to disappoint the guy in the second stall...
UNK: Sorry, man.
UNK: But come on, this is getting ridiculous.
Monica : Come on, we can't let them win!
UNK: We've proved that we are hot, okay? So why are you obsessed about this?
Monica : Phoebe and Gary are in that...
UNK: ..."can't keep their hands off each other" phase!
UNK: So?
UNK: It makes me really sad that we're not really there anymore.
UNK: Oh, is that what this has all been about?
Monica : Wasn't it a lot more exciting when we were...
Monica : ...all over each other all the time?
Chandler : Yeah, that was great. That was really great.
UNK: But the truth is, I'm more excited about where we are now.
UNK: -Really? -Yeah.
Chandler : I've never been in a relationship this long before.
Chandler : To get past the beginning and still want to be around each other...
UNK: ...I think that's incredible.
Chandler : And the fact that this is happening with you...
Chandler : ...I think that's pretty exciting.
UNK: That's so sweet.
Monica : I know that I was acting a little crazy...
UNK: ...but I feel the same way.
UNK: You know what I just realized?
Chandler : You just freaked out about our relationship.
Joey : -I did not. -Yes, you did!
Chandler : Admit it. You freaked out!
Monica : I freaked out a little.
Joey : A little? You freaked out bigtime, okay?
Chandler : And I fixed it! We have switched places.
UNK: I am the relationship king, and you are the crazy, irrational screwup!
Chandler : And now we're back.
Rachel : I cannot believe Ross is buying this.
Monica : Thank God! I can't watch him anymore.
Chandler : You guys ready?
Rachel : By the way, thank you for loaning us Pamela and Yasmine.
Ross : Man, they cannot get enough!