Charles : - Congratulations. - Thank you, sir.
Colin : Perhaps you'd like to explain the procedure, Dr. Yang?
UNK: Absolutely. Mr. Redford, instead of replacing your current heart,
Cristina : we're going to attach it to the new heart, piggybacking it.
Cristina : The two hearts pump together, sharing the workload.
Cristina : It's a perfect team.
Colin : More accurately, the new heart will circulate blood to the body,
Colin : the native heart will pump blood to the lungs.
Colin : More of a divide and conquer approach, wouldn't you say, Dr. Yang?
Charles : - Sounds risky. - All surgeries carry risk.
Burke : Dr. Marlow pioneered the procedure.
Cristina : Dr. Burke is one of the foremost cardiothoracic surgeons in the country.
Colin : I'll be the one on point, so you've nothing to worry about.
Colin : You've picked the best man for the job.
Burke : What was that?
Cristina : That was my smug, passive-aggressive, limey ex-boyfriend
Cristina : trying to show me I picked the wrong guy.
Burke : I know, I'm fine with it. As long as I'm learning something.
Burke : I was actually talking about you. What was that?
UNK: You have to put up with me being nice and sweet for a little while.
Burke : That'll be a nice change of pace.
Izzie : - Shut up. - That's more like it.
Addison : Hey. I saw Ava. She looks terrific.
Alex : Yeah, yeah, she does. Sloan kicked it out.
Addison : You had something to do with that, too.
Alex : - Just doing my job. - You cannot take a compliment.
UNK: - I just don't want people thinking... - Trying to build the perfect woman?
UNK: Dr. Montgomery. The police called, they're on their way.
Nurse : They think they found Jane Doe's family.
UNK: I'm sure you needed to be evenhanded when you announced
Derek : you were looking for someone to take over.
UNK: Give everyone a shot at the brass ring.
Richard : - I did. - Can we drop that ruse soon?
UNK: It's not a ruse.
Derek : You promised me the job, it's why I came.
UNK: Your marriage fell apart and you had to get out.
Derek : You're having me jump through hoops with every attending.
UNK: You're giving Marlow privileges to do a piggyback surgery.
Richard : This is a teaching hospital, Derek.
Derek : My interview didn't go as well as I'd hoped. I'd like your support.
UNK: - You know my credentials. - I only have one vote.
Derek : It's a strong vote.
Izzie : I'm not feeling well.
Bailey : What's wrong with that girl?
Bailey : I can't talk to you when you're making all that noise.
Bailey : Pull it together and get out here. Now.
Izzie : I have an 11-year-old daughter.
Izzie : She needs a bone marrow transplant.
Izzie : I'm potentially a good match.
Izzie : Please don't tell anybody.
UNK: - This isn't a chapter of my history... - I understand.
UNK: She's here. My kid.
Izzie : And I'm supposed to go up to Pediatrics and meet her. Right now and...
Izzie : ...I've thought about this moment.
Izzie : What I would look like.
Izzie : What I would say.
Izzie : But I thought I would be older, more together, more mature.
Izzie : I thought she would be older.
UNK: And I never thought that she would be sick.
Izzie : Oh, God. I don't know what to do.
Izzie : I don't know what to do. What do I do?
UNK: We love our Shannon, but we never got along with her husband.
Alex : - So she has a husband. - Had.
Frank : While she was at work, he packed up and disappeared.
Joan : He didn't want a baby. But she went after him, even pregnant like that.
Frank : We hadn't heard from her in months and then today we saw her picture on TV.
Addison : Mr. and Mrs. Waring, the woman we found, if she is your daughter...
UNK: Well, her nose is different and her chin.
UNK: But they said that her face had been, you know, changed.
Alex : Do you happen to know your daughter's blood type?
UNK: She's B-positive.
Addison : Any medical conditions, surgeries we should know about?
Joan : She had her tonsils out when she was 12.