UNK: - I was going to say hot. - I was too, but I'd get in trouble.
Bailey : - You would have. - Still swelling.
Mark : In a day or two I'll raise hot to smoking.
UNK: Should we wait to take the after pictures?
Bailey : The sooner we take them, the sooner we get them out there.
UNK: Your picture's going to be everywhere. The police, the news, the Internet.
UNK: Jane Doe : If my face looks completely different, what good would pictures do?
Mark : I was able to maintain your bone structure.
UNK: Your face bears similarities to your old face. Your hair and eyes are the same.
UNK: Jane Doe : Do you really think someone might recognize me?
Alex : I think you should smile.
Izzie : I'm telling you, this confession thing, it really works.
Izzie : It's like we have a do-over. Our sin is gone.
Izzie : - So you don't have to keep avoiding me. - Until this blows over, I do.
UNK: Javier Ruggero?
UNK: Javier... Ruggero?
Izzie : Blows over? What does that even mean?
George : When Meredith and I... eventually, it blew over. It passed.
UNK: You mean the sad sex? The tragic, depression-inducing sex
Izzie : - you had with Meredith is the same... - I can't.
UNK: OK? Back off. Just for now, back off.
UNK: Javier Ruggero?
Dustin : You're Dr. Isobel Stevens.
UNK: Yes. If you're Mr. Ruggero though, you're with Dr. O'Malley.
Dustin : Dr. Stevens...
Caroline : We, um...
Caroline : Our daughter has leukemia and needs a bone marrow transplant.
Izzie : You're looking for hematology. It's third floor west.
Izzie : Through these double doors, second set of elevators on the...
Izzie : ...on the right.
Izzie : I'm so sorry about your daughter, but Seattle Grace has one of the best
Izzie : bone marrow transplant centers in the country. I can take you up there myself.
UNK: No, no. It's just that you look so much like our daughter.
Dustin : We're Dustin and Caroline Klein. We're Hannah's parents.
Dustin : We're her...
Dustin : ...we're your daughter's parents.
Dustin : You're Hannah's birth mother.
Dustin : Hannah was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia.
UNK: We, um, looked you up and we know that's wrong, but...
Caroline : She needs the transplant. And we were set to go. We had a donor.
UNK: Her donor died. The registry called Hannah's oncologist last night.
Caroline : Apparently, Hannah hasn't had enough bad luck.
UNK: We'd never ask. We had no intention of bothering you, ever.
Caroline : - But last night, everything changed. - No. Of course.
Izzie : Of course I'd donate, it's just...
UNK: A biological parent isn't a good donor. I'm only a half match.
Izzie : Hannah would probably do better getting back on the donor list and waiting.
Caroline : I know when you gave her up,
Caroline : we promised to take care of her and keep her safe.
Caroline : But I can't protect her from this.
Caroline : It's genetic.
Caroline : You have to take care of her.
Dustin : Every day we wait, she gets sicker.
Caroline : And if we're lucky, you could be better than a half match.
Derek : Yeah.
UNK: Is she...?
Izzie : She's here.
Izzie : - God, she must be scared. - She's upstairs. With my mother.
UNK: Can I...?
MVO : Um...
Izzie : I'd like to meet her.
Dustin : We'd have to check with Hannah.
Caroline : But, if she agrees, of course we'd be OK with it.
UNK: Isobel, our daughter could die.
Colin : Charles, this is Dr. Burke. I've invited him to assist on the surgery.
Charles : - How do you do, Dr. Burke? - Playing yourself?
Charles : It distracts me from the fact
UNK: you're going to have your hands in my chest in a few hours.
UNK: And this, Charles, is a former student of mine,
Colin : a formidable chess player, Dr. Cristina Yang.
Cristina : Soon to be Dr. Cristina Burke. We're getting married. Next month.