George : I can't believe I have to be presentable for Callie's dad at lunch.
UNK: oh, God.
UNK: Hours... Hours of our lives... Many hours that are
Izzie : all I can think about, and you seriously don't remember?
Izzie : How can you not remember those many, many hours?
UNK: Izzie, if...
George : Whatever I did, whatever I said, I was drunk.
UNK: I'm sure I didn't mean it.
UNK: George, I promise you, you meant it.
Izzie : You meant it a lot. You meant it more than once.
George : Do you see that?
UNK: We gotta page callie.
UNK: You'll be pleased to hear I'm proposing an expansion to the hospital board
UNK: this afternoon. Give you quite a few more places to hide.
Cristina : I'm not going to hide.
Cristina : I'm just trying to find my resident.
Colin : I come here to Seattle to see you, and you don't even give me a moment?
UNK: You didn't come here to see me.
UNK: - You came here to get a job. - I came here for both.
Cristina : Well, you made a mistake.
UNK: Are you going to invite me?
Cristina : - Where? - To the wedding.
Cristina : Will you stop talking about the wedding?
Colin : Most blushing brides to be love to talk about the wedding.
Colin : What's the matter?
Colin : Are we getting cold feet.
Cristina : Please leave.
Colin : If he's rushing you, you should tell him.
Colin : When you marry, you want to be ready.
Colin : He should understand that.
Addison : Good afternoon, board.
Cristina : No.
Addison : Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen
UNK: of the board. I am so grateful for this opportunity.
Mark : Don't wear the glasses.
UNK: You fiddle with 'em. It makes you look indecisive.
UNK: And stop stressing. It'll be like any other job interview.
UNK: "What do you consider your strengths? What do you consider your weaknesses?"
Mark : What do you consider your weaknesses?
Addison : I don't have any. I'm that good.
Addison : What are yours?
Mark : I'm an easy Mark for evil redheads.
Addison : Trust me, you have other weaknesses.
Callie : Obviously...
Addison : - You are a man-whore. - Correction. I was a man-whore.
Addison : Yeah, well, while you're bragging about that to the board,
UNK: Colin Marlowe is pitching his 10 year plan.
UNK: 10 year plan?
UNK: Was that a requirement?
Addison : It is now.
Callie : Mrs. Rogerson, according to your C.T.,
Callie : You have severe internal bleeding.
Callie : It was probably caused by your anti-inflammatory medication.
UNK: Does that require surgery? Because she can't have any...
Callie : Obviously any surgical procedure could cause more bone growth
Callie : or do more damage than good.
Callie : That's why Dr. Burke's here.
UNK: What we can do is insert a line into your groin
Burke : and then float a catheter up and embolize the area.
Nina : That's minimally invasive?
Burke : As minimally invasive as possible. But with your condition, even this is risky.
Cathy : I'm 41 years old.
Cathy : Most F.O.P. patients don't live to 45.
Cathy : I'm down to the use of my face and hands.
Cathy : Pretty soon I won't have anything.
Cathy : So what would happen...
Cathy : if I refuse the surgery?
Callie : You will bleed to death...
Callie : within a day or two.
Cathy : Is that painful?
UNK: - Mom, stop, okay? - Nina, please.
Cathy : - Let me think. - The reason you've gotten this far...
Nina : Our treatment plan works.
Nina : It will work.
Mark : Burke is using powerpoint.
Mark : He's doing a powerpoint presentation for the board, which is
Mark : cool if it's, like, 1998.