Mark : What would you change about this hospital if you could?
Bailey : Is this for your board interview?
Bailey : You want me to do your homework for you because I'm not busy enough, is that it?
Mark : All the other attendings are putting together 10 year plans. I was
Mark : just looking for some input.
Bailey : Input? You want...
Bailey : I have patients in need of medical attention right now.
Bailey : This guy here is about to have one less appendage.
UNK: I don't have a 10 year plan for him.
UNK: I have a "right now" plan for him...
Bailey : Cut off his foot to save his life.
Bailey : So you need to get out of my way right now so I can do my job.
Mark : - Right now? - Right now.
Izzie : Talk to me about blackouts.
Izzie : Are they real?
Izzie : Do you really not remember anything afterwards?
UNK: Iz, I'm fine. Not drinking. I'm not drowning my sorrows. Fine.
Meredith : Everybody needs to stop trying to protect me.
Izzie : This isn't... really about you.
Izzie : I'm asking, back when you had a best friend named tequila,
Izzie : did you actually ever blackout?
UNK: Once. No, twice.
UNK: But the stuff you don't remember
Alex : is usually the stuff you don't wanna remember.
Meredith : Right.
Izzie : Great.
Izzie : Thanks.
UNK: Hey, I have type 2 diabetes.
Cristina : Patient let it go, and the infection is in the bone.
Cristina : I have to find a fix or cut off the foot.
Cristina : Anyone? Anybody?
Alex : You get to cut off his foot? Cool.
UNK: You think... no, not cool.
Cristina : The patient was neglectful. He made a couple of bad calls.
UNK: I mean, does that mean he has no hope?
Cristina : Does that mean he can't have a do over?
Alex : But you get to cut through bone and stuff.
Meredith : We're talking about Burke now.
Alex : We are?
UNK: Operation "be kind. Rewind. " Not going so well?
Izzie : You need to fix it.
UNK: 'Cause it seems like you guys have a pretty good thing,
Izzie : and pretty good things are rare and hard to come by,
Izzie : unlike really screwed up,
Izzie : complicated things, which...
UNK: - Seem to be freakin' everywhere. - You know what?
Cristina : Things are great.
Cristina : I'm gonna get things back to the way we were.
Cristina : Watch me.
Izzie : Has Jane Doe picked a face?
Meredith : No, not yet.
Izzie : How cool would that be,
Izzie : to get to pick your own face, just...
UNK: Disappear and start all over?
Derek : How you doing?
Jane : How am I doing? I'm freaking out, Alex.
Jane : That's how I'm doing. I can't do this. I can't pick.
Doug : I can't.
Mark : All right.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Well, let's, uh...
UNK: Let's meet the contenders, all right?
UNK: Let's see.
Richard : This...
Alex : This is... Maggie.
Alex : Married her high school sweetheart,
Alex : has two kids...
Alex : Boy and girl. Loves being a mom,
Alex : coaches her daughter's basketball team and
Alex : makes an insane banana cream pie.
Jane : Banana cream pie?
Alex : It's my favorite, so shut up.
George : And this is...
Alex : Elizabeth
Alex : Graduated from Northwestern.
Alex : Met her husband at a political rally where they
Alex : got arrested and fell in love.
Alex : She's all angry and fired up,
Alex : but everyone forgives her because she means well.
UNK: Ahh... wow.
Alex : This one...
UNK: This one's Ava.
Alex : She's funny, she's tough,
UNK: You know, little neurotic sometimes, but you get used to it.
UNK: You can tell she's... She's been through a lot in her life, but
UNK: it's only made her stronger, you know?
George : It's just, your daughter, the way she...
UNK: You know, she's sort of undeniable.
George : And, uh, after I lost my father, I...
UNK: Realized, you know, that life is short.