Mark : There's no swag, is there?
Mark : We're not allowed to give gifts?
Derek : Why did you ask Meredith
Derek : to do a bone graft
Derek : on your Jane Doe?
Mark : Because I'm her teacher, and that's my job.
Derek : You're doing it to impress the chief.
Derek : You're setting her up,
Derek : and she can't fail right now.
Mark : Why don't you let your girlfriend decide what she can or can't do?
Derek : I will hurt you if this goes wrong for her.
UNK: Is that a... dollhouse?
Izzie : Yeah.
Izzie : The lights work and everything. It's the perfect little home.
UNK: Oh. Did you have a dollhouse growing up?
UNK: I had sex last night...
Izzie : With the wrong person.
Izzie : But the thing is, it didn't feel wrong at the time. It felt like...
UNK: something was falling into place. So what do I do?
UNK: What am I, the go-to person for adultery?
Cristina : No.
Jane : I just...
Izzie : I just don't know what to do.
Cristina : You stop.
Addison : That's what you do.
Izzie : Are you sure?
UNK: I mean, how do you know that it didn't feel so right because...
UNK: It's God's plan?
Addison : God wants you to be an adulterer?
Izzie : God got a virgin pregnant by magic. God is not playing by the rules.
Doug : Talk to Paul.
Cristina : Mr. Kendry.
UNK: No, Paul will get you drywall numbers.
Cristina : - Mr. Kendry. - Okay.
UNK: Let me just write a couple notes about that call.
Cristina : Mr. Kendry, we're gonna have to amputate your foot.
Izzie : What?
Cristina : The infection is in the bone. If we don't remove the foot,
UNK: it will travel to your blood, and that will cause sepsis and possible death.
Cristina : I'm sorry.
Doug : How can you be so...
UNK: I mean, I.. I can't get around a...
Doug : No, no. You're not cutting off my foot.
UNK: Sir, diabetes is a manageable disease. If you had been here even a month ago,
UNK: - maybe we could've- - Okay, so I screwed up.
Doug : But you're telling me that this is my only option
UNK: because I'm late getting in here?
Doug : - That there is no way... - Mr. Kendry...
Doug : No!
Doug : Please. There's gotta be a way for me to get that month back.
UNK: Tell me what to do. I'll do it. I'll do every line of every plan you give me.
UNK: I'll do it. Please.
Doug : You gotta find a way to save my foot.
Derek : Hey, what do you think of a robotics lab as a goal for the hospital?
Meredith : - Derek... - You're harvesting.
Meredith : I'm trying to be supportive...
Meredith : But this graft, it's really tricky.
UNK: You don't have to do it, you know?
Derek : - I talked to Mark, and, uh- - You what?
Derek : I talked to Mark. I mean, Meredith, this is a...
Derek : - It's a complex procedure- - You don't think I can do it?
Derek : When has Mark Sloan
Derek : allowed his interns to do anything,
Derek : let alone harvest a bone graft?
Meredith : He's in the race for chief.
Meredith : - He's trying to prove he can teach. - By teaching you.
UNK: Your mother died, and the chief is gonna be watching you very closely.
UNK: - And Mark is trying to gain points by - Using me.
Derek : If it goes well, he gets the credit. If it goes poorly, he gets the save.
UNK: - So this is about you onupping Mark. - He's using you.
Derek : I'm just trying to protect you.
Meredith : You don't need to.
Meredith : Close the door on your way out.
Mark : - Can I help you with those, Dr. Bailey? - What do you want?
Mark : See, that's what I like about you. You always get right to the point.
Bailey : Make it quick. I'm headed over to the clinic.
Mark : All right.