Doug : It's my foot.
Doug : It hurts like crazy.
UNK: I'm gonna need a painkiller.
Doug : Can't spend the whole day propped on an ice pack.
UNK: Uh, you're gonna need to take off your shoe.
UNK: No, no, no, no. I've been down this route before.
UNK: Just slip me a couple painkillers, and I'll be on my way.
UNK: Sir, uh, did you go to medical school?
Cristina : I did. Take off your shoe.
UNK: You have type 2 diabetes.
Doug : Ten years now.
UNK: Yeah, well, you inspect your feet every day. Have you noticed anything?
UNK: I notice it hurts.
UNK: Look, I got 30 guys sitting on their ass waiting for me to show up.
Cristina : Sir, I get it. You're in a hurry. That makes the two of us.
Meredith : Sock.
Cristina : You need to call your guys and tell them you're not coming in.
Meredith : - Did you choose a face? - Not yet.
UNK: I was hoping I'd see one of 'em and, I don't know,
UNK: recognize myself or something, but
Jane : I don't recognize any of these women.
Jane : What if I choose the wrong one? What if my husband or boyfriend
UNK: or whoever's baby this is
Jane : shows up tomorrow with a...
Jane : with a picture of what I'm supposed to look like,
Jane : but it's too late, and I'm stuck with the wrong face for the rest of my life?
UNK: Okay, that would suck, but if you don't pick one...
Alex : This is gonna be your face the rest of your life.
Callie : - Hey. - Hey.
Meredith : Shouldn't you be preparing for your board interview?
Derek : I am.
Meredith : You're hovering.
Derek : No, I'm breathing you in.
Meredith : You're hovering.
Derek : Fine. I'm hovering.
Derek : If cristina would sleep in her own bed, I wouldn't have to hover at work.
Derek : I could hover in bed.
Derek : A different type of hovering perhaps.
Derek : How bad is it today,
Derek : on a scale of one to ten?
Meredith : - Seven. Maybe a six. - Good.
Meredith : You know what's gonna make it even better than that?
Izzie : What?
UNK: The calvarial bone harvest I get to do on Sloan's Jane Doe later.
Derek : Sloan's gonna let you do a harvest...
Derek : - By yourself? - By myself.
Meredith : Which makes me very cool in the eyes of my dead mother, by the way.
UNK: Okay, then. Well, I better let you study.
Meredith : Better stop distracting me.
Meredith : I will not be cool in the eyes of my dead mother if I maim Jane Doe.
George : We're gonna need you to lie very still, mrs. Rogerson.
Cathy : I think I can do that, Dr. O'Malley.
George : Sorry about that, mrs. Rogerson.
UNK: Oh. I'm never gonna drink again.