Callie : F.O.P.
UNK: Oh, uh, fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva?
UNK: Yeah. It's a congenital disease which turns muscle into bone.
UNK: You become a human statue. So just, uh, try to learn.
UNK: Try not to stare, okay?
Nina : If you people are interns, you need to stand back.
Cathy : Nina, please don't be rude.
Nine : My mother still has movement in her
UNK: face and hands. I would like to keep it that way, so please be careful.
UNK: If you press too hard during an exam or bump into her accidentally,
Nine : it causes a bone to grow where a bone shouldn't grow
Nine : So there can be no accidents.
UNK: Okay, remember that when you're dealing with her today.
UNK: It's just a stomach virus or a fluw. I'm sure it's nothing.
Cathy : - Nina insisted that I come in. - She was vomiting blood
Nina : and going through her pain meds like they were candy.
Nina : And she has new growths on her back,
UNK: no doubt caused by some clumsy interns on her last hospital stay.
UNK: Well, obviously you're having a flare-up of the F.O.P.,
UNK: But what really concerns me is the vomiting.
Callie : So I'm gonna need a C.T., see what's going on.
Callie : Did you build that?
Nina : - My mom did. - No, Nina did it.
Cathy : - I used to do it I'm not able to. - It keeps her active.
Nina : When she's active, she has fewer flare-ups.
UNK: Plus it makes her happy... and relaxed.
UNK: Good. Okay.
Izzie : Can I work in the clinic today?
Alex : You don't want the F.O.P. Case?
UNK: Clinic? Why? What's going on in the clinic?
Colin : Nothing.
Izzie : I just feel clinic-Y.
Cristina : That's not a word. I'll take the clinic.
Izzie : Cristina!
Bailey : You both can go to the clinic.
UNK: The board is interviewing the chief candidates all day today,
UNK: so we're light on surgeries. O'Malley.
George : Yes?
Bailey : - You're with Dr. O'Malley. - Okay.
Alex : What am I supposed to do?
Bailey : Find Dr. Montgomery. See if you can help with Jane Doe.
George : I showered twice.
Callie : It's coming out of your pores, George.
Callie : You reek, you're trembling, and there's no way
Callie : I'm letting you near my patient right now. Dr Bailey.
George : - Don't tell Bailey. Don't tell bailey. - Bailey...
UNK: Uh, with mrs. Rogerson's limited
UNK: mobility, I'm gonna, uh, need an extra set of hands.
Bailey : Fine. Stevens.
Bailey : Yang will handle the clinic. You'll be with the O'Malleys today.