UNK: No, it's what we used to do,
Burke : before you moved in. We started making coffee at home.
Burke : You know, I'm not really interested in going back to the way it used to be.
Burke : So unless you have something else to say to me...
Burke : I've already had my coffee.
Colin : - Good morning, doctors. - Good morning.
UNK: Big day today, huh?
Colin : Good luck to all and sundry, hey?
UNK: He has a 10 year plan.
Izzie : What?
Richard : He's presenting the board with a 10 year plan for the surgical wing.
Derek : He's only been here a day.
Richard : Did you see that folder?
Richard : It's full of plans,
UNK: "tweaks" for my hospital.
UNK: This is our computer-generated approximation of your original facial structure
Mark : based on the 3-d C.T. Scans we did.
Mark : It's what you could look like after
Mark : reconstructive surgery.
Mark : or you could look like this.
Mark : or this.
Mark : You don't like them?
UNK: No, it's not that. It's...
Jane : How does this work exactly?
Alex : He'll make an incision along your hairline, and then...
UNK: It's okay. I can take it.
Alex : He'll literally pull your face off.
Mark : It sounds a lot worse than it is.
Mark : Your face is extremely elastic,
UNK: and pulling it down allows me to repair the bone fractures underneath
UNK: without causing any scaring.
Mark : And once you've healed, no one will ever know you had the surgery.
Mark : I'm that good.
UNK: He is. It's annoying.
Jane : The surgery won't affect my baby?
Addison : I'll be monitoring the baby throughout.
UNK: - Okay? - Okay.
UNK: So... then I just have to pick one?
Jane : Do I have to pick one now?
Mark : Take a couple hours and think about it.
Jane : Couple hours... yeah.
Richard : Dr. Bailey.
UNK: Chief, our Jane Doe is getting a new face today.
Richard : Well, that's exciting.
UNK: How are you doing, Meredith?
UNK: You didn't take too much time off after...
UNK: I'm fine. Really, sir. I think working is the best thing I can do.
Richard : Like mother, like daughter,
Mark : Dr. Grey, what can you tell me about reconstructing the orbital floor?
Meredith : You can create a new base for the eye socket
Meredith : by harvesting bone from the skull.
Meredith : Dr. Bailey, Dr. Grey will be scrubbing in on the Jane Doe surgery. Come on.
Meredith : I'll show you how to do it without
Meredith : breaking the bone graft into a million pieces.
Richard : - Congratulations, Dr. Grey. - Okay, let's go, people.
UNK: Oh, wait, wait, wait. I need to talk to you.
Meredith : Why?
UNK: Uh, to prepare you guys for what you're about to see.
Izzie : You meant...
UNK: You meant "you" like "us", not like "me".
UNK: You don't... you don't want to talk to me, you want to talk to us,
UNK: about a pat... about a patient.
UNK: That's what I just said.
UNK: Uh, this patient has a disease so rare that you'll probably never see it again