Alexis : I thought you were dead.
Alexis : For two months.
Alexis : And then you went missing today, and I was so scared.
Castle : Honey, I...
Alexis : Beckett has a reason for keeping quiet.
UNK: Ifyou love her, you have to trust her.
Castle : Finally. what are we waiting for? Let's go give her hell.
Ryan : Castle, wait.
Esposito : We got a positive ID on the guy running with Beckett.
Castle : Great. who is he?
Ryan : His name is Vikram Singh.
UNK: He's a low-Ievel analyst for the Attorney General's Investigative Office.
Alexis : In D.C.?
Alexis : That's where Beckett worked.
Castle : Yeah, but that was two years ago.
Castle : And she never mentioned anyone named Vikram.
Esposito : Yeah, as far as we can tell, their paths never crossed.
Esposito : He's only been on the job a few months.
Castle : Then how would Beckett know him?
Castle : We need to call Rachel McCord. She was Beckett's partner.
Ryan : McCord's dead, Castle.
Ryan : Killed yesterday in an automobile accident
Ryan : along with three other members of her team.
UNK: That can't be a coincidence.
Man : It's not.
Esposito : The last member of her team was stabbed to death
UNK: in a club that same night.
Esposito : Witnesses saw him flirting with a hot brunette.
Castle : This doesn't make any sense.
Castle : What does any of this have to do with Bracken?
Ryan : Well, let's go ask her.
UNK: For someone who says they got a lot of downtime,
UNK: you sure have been a busy girl.
UNK: Staging car accidents, stabbings in D.C.,
UNK: kidnapping me at gunpoint in New York.
UNK: Tell me, do assassins get frequent-flyer miles?
Ryan : Ah, but you didn't fly commercial, did you?
Ryan : We ran your photo against every flight from D.C.
Ryan : So, you either road-tripped it or you took a private jet,
Ryan : and given your arsenal, you people clearly have the resources.
Aj : Not really sure what you're expecting here.
Aj : A tearful confession?
UNK: Not gonna happen.
Ryan : Well, we are expecting that you're smart enough
Ryan : to know that it's CYA time.
UNK: Look, unless you got a bag of spiders,