Castle : This is a good change for us.
Beckett : Is it?
Castle : Yes, absolutely. And, besides,
Castle : with all the money I spent on the remodeling of my PI office,
UNK: I gotta take some cases so I can write that place off.
Castle : Now, come on, dig in.
Beckett : No. I'm so nervous I couldn't eat.
Castle : Who said anything about eating? I said, "Dig in."
UNK: Okay.
Beckett : - Like dig, dig in? Right? - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
UNK: Okay. AII right. Um...
Castle : Full on.
Castle : Keep going.
Castle : - Like that. - Wow.
Castle : What? That was supposed to be a decoder ring.
Beckett : Oh, my God. This is so beautiful.
Beckett : Um, would you mind getting that?
Castle : Yeah, yeah. Here.
UNK: Thanks.
Castle : Captain Beckett's phone.
UNK: Uh, Katherine Beckett, please?
UNK: Of course. Please wait just one moment.
UNK: - Trade you. Thank you. - Here you go.
Beckett : Yeah, this is Beckett.
UNK: Uh-huh.
Beckett : Okay, understood.
Beckett : Yeah, you know what, I'm not interested,
Beckett : so why don't you take me off the list?
UNK: Thanks.
Beckett : Telemarketers. I swear, there should be tougher laws against them.
Castle : Well, if you hadn't turned down the chance to run for State Senate,
UNK: you could've passed some.
UNK: Wow, I love this. I'm gonna cherish this.
UNK: Thank you. Mmm.
UNK: Okay, I've got a meeting at One PP.
UNK: - Knock 'em dead. - Thanks.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Bro, what are you doing? You know I got dibs on Beckett's desk.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : I will play you knife, gun, Kevlar for it.
Esposito : Let's do this.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : - Knife. - Gun.
Esposito : You fool, you brought a knife to a gunfight. Blam.
Ryan : - Two out of three? - No way. Kick rocks.
Ryan : Javi, we're pathetic.
Esposito : No, you're pathetic. You're the one who got the crappy desk.
Ryan : No. Look, I mean, here we are moving desks,
Ryan : everyone else is moving up.
Ryan : Gates, she's the new deputy chief. Beckett, she's the new captain.
Man : - So? - So, when's it gonna be our turn?
Ryan : Get promoted, make more money.
Esposito : Bro, where's this coming from?
Ryan : Jenny's pregnant again. We found out last night.
Esposito : Oh, wow! That's great. Congratulations.
Esposito : That is great, right?
Ryan : Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's wonderful.
UNK: But it's also another mouth to feed, another body to clothe,
Ryan : and don't get me started on college tuition.
Esposito : Kevin, can't you just for one second
Esposito : celebrate before you start stressing about money again?
Esposito : - Sometimes, it's good to just... - Yes! Got ourselves a homicide.
Ryan : Fingers crossed for overtime pay.
Esposito : Bro, there's something wrong with you.
Castle : - Can I help you? - You sure as hell can, buddy.
UNK: Franco Mancini : I'm Franco Mancini. Nice to finally meet you.
UNK: Franco Mancini : Bring it on in. Come here.
Mancini : Great news, huh, Ricky?
Mancini : My wife's sleeping with my brother, not my personal chef.
Mancini : What a relief.
Castle : Uh, I'm sorry,
Castle : your wife is having an affair with your brother
Castle : and you're happy about it?
UNK: Hell, I got four other brothers, but my chef is one in a million.
UNK: His spicy clams are to die for.
Mancini : Thanks again for solving my case, Ricky.
Mancini : You and your associate.
UNK: Associate?
UNK: Could you wait out in reception? I'll be with you in a sec.
UNK: Uh, Alexis,
UNK: I don't wanna say you have some explaining to do,
Castle : but I think you have some explaining to do.
Alexis : Wait, did I forget to tell you I've been working PI cases for you?
UNK: Must've slipped your mind.
Alexis : Hey, didn't the guys do a fantastic job remodeling the place?
Castle : I know, right?
Castle : But you're changing the subject.
Alexis : I know, but check it out.
Alexis : Pull on The Complete Works of Edgar Allan Poe, and...
Castle : Oh, my God, this turned out so much cooler than I thought it would!
Castle : Wait, did they do the thing on the desk with the...
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Castle : Obviously the spring has a trajectory... I'll make them...
Castle : Okay, back to you, why are you working my cases?
Alexis : Truth is, it's all your fault.
Castle : You set up shop in my office, behind my back, and it's my fault?
UNK: Exactly.
Alexis : A month ago, when you sent me here to open the place for your foreman,