UNK: It's tea-colored, right?
UNK: The guy we thought was just after the drugs...
House : What's the differential diagnosis for urine that's tea-colored?
House : Kidney stone.
House : Kidney stones would cause what?
Caring : - Blood in urine. - What color is your pee?
Caring : - Yellow. - What color is your blood?
House : - Red. - What colors did I use?
Caring : Red, yellow and brown.
House : - And brown. What causes brown? - Waste.
House : Which means the kidneys are shutting down. Why? - Trauma.
UNK: None that his history would indicate. - Could be damage done by the self-injection of the Demerol.
House : - Treatment? - Heat and rest...
House : - Other possible causes? - Infection.
House : Start him on antibiotics. What else?
Chase : Come on! Come on! I-I don't know.
House : You're useless. But at least you know it.
House : Blood tests show elevated creatine kinase.
House : - What does that tell you? - The trauma diagnosis was right.
Rebellious : He takes it easy for a few days, he'll be fine. - You sure?
Rebellious : - The elevated C.K. rules out infection... - You know what's worse than useless?
House : Useless and oblivious.
House : What are they missing?
Keen : It's kind of hard to think when you're in our face like...
UNK: Yeah? You think it's gonna be easier when you got a real patient really dying?
House : What are you missing?
Cameron : Muscle death.
House : - Not your case. - Nothing wrong with a consult.
Caring : Dying muscle leaks myoglobin. It's toxic to the kidneys.
UNK: Brilliant.
House : M.R.I. his leg. See what's killing it.
Rebellious : - Why is the girl getting the M.R.I.? - Because the neck scan revealed nothing,
House : and her doctor's way more obsessive than she thinks she is.
UNK: But you said the guy needed the M.R.I. - Because Dr. Cameron back there said muscle death.
House : Not one of you said it. Not one of this guy's doctors said it.
House : They gave him bed rest and antibiotics, just like you guys would have.
Caring : - Did he get better? - No.
Caring : - How long... - Three days.
House : It is in the nature of medicine that you are gonna screw up.
House : You are gonna kill someone.
House : If you can't handle that reality, pick another profession.
House : Or finish medical school and teach.
Caring : Three days before they thought it might have been muscle death?
House : No, three days before the patient suggested it might have been muscle death.
UNK: The M.R.I. revealed an osteosarcoma.
UNK: A cancerous tumor on your femur. It needs to be removed surgically.
UNK: With chemo, she has an excellent chance of survival.
UNK: But I have to warn you... depending on how large the tumor is and how ingrained it is,
UNK: the surgeon may need to amputate your leg.
Foreman : I'm sorry.
UNK: Volleyball Player's Mother : It's okay.
Foreman : Dogs' mouths are pretty filthy,
Foreman : but they have natural antibodies to fight off most of the stuff.
Foreman : We don't. That's why dog bites can be so nasty.
UNK: Lab tests of your dog's saliva revealed a type of strep bacteria.
Foreman : It's commonly known as the flesh-eating disease.
UNK: We need to operate immediately to remove the damaged tissue.