Foreman : We may need to remove the leg.
Cuddy : The M.R.I. revealed a problem. No kidding.
Cuddy : I'm sorry none of your doctors found it earlier.
UNK: I am personally gonna oversee your treatment from now on. You're gonna cut me open, aren't you?
Foreman : We may need to remove the leg.
House : His M.R.I. showed that the leg pain wasn't caused by the self-injection.
UNK: It wasn't caused by an infection.
House : It was an aneurysm that clotted...
House : leading to an infarction.
UNK: My God, you were right. It's House.
Cuddy : We have to do the surgery.
Cuddy : The necrotic tissue has to be removed. If there's too much...
House : I don't care what you find.
Cuddy : It may become necessary in order to save your life.
House : I like my leg.
House : I've had it for as long as I can remember.
UNK: Greg, I love your leg as much as you do. They're not cutting it off.
UNK: The patient made the right choice.
UNK: Tell a surgeon that it's okay to cut a leg off,
UNK: and he's gonna spend the night polishing his good hacksaw.
Rebellious : Right. Surgeons could care less about saving limbs.
UNK: Ofcourse they care about their patients. They just care about themselves more,
House : which is not an unreasonable position.
House : Trying to maximize the tissue you save...
House : also maximizes the chances of something going wrong,
House : which means you've gotta be extra careful, which is such a pain in the ass.
Cuddy : Amazing advances have been made. Kids with prosthetic legs...
UNK: are running the hundred-meter dash in 12 seconds.
House : Yeah, they're just not as pretty.
House : Do a bypass. Restore the circulation.
Cuddy : - Amputation is safer. - For you or me?
Cuddy : - The blockage of blood flow... - Four-day blockage.
Cuddy : Yes. It caused muscle cell death.
Cuddy : When those cells die, they release cytokines and potassium.
UNK: And if you restore the blood flow instead of just lopping it all off,
House : then all that crap gets washed back into my system.
House : The cytokines could cause organ failure. The potassium could cause cardiac arrest.
House : On the other hand, I may just get the use of my leg back.
UNK: The postoperative pain alone will... I'll get through it.
House : I understand the risks. You're in the clear. Go schedule an O.R.
Stacy : - God, you're an idiot. - I think I'm more of a jerk.
Stacy : I'm not being glib, and I'm not being cute.
Stacy : I don't want you to kill yourself.
House : I'm not gonna die.
Stacy : Oh, I feel completely reassured.
UNK: More suction.
UNK: Inserting now.
UNK: They gotta up the morphine.
UNK: Doctors say they can't. - Doctors recommended bed rest and antibiotics.
Stacy : They screwed up. It doesn't mean they're wrong this time. - Sure doesn't mean they're right.
Stacy : - Morphine will kill you. - I can handle it.
Stacy : - You're in pain. You're not thinking right. - That's why I need the damn morphine!
Stacy : I'll talk to them.
Stacy : Oh, my God. How much longer is the pain gonna last?
Cuddy : It depends on how much muscle cell death there was.
Cuddy : He could be right. He could come out of this with almost full use of his leg.
UNK: Or?
Cuddy : He could be in pain for the rest of his life.
Cuddy : There's a third option... surgically.
Cuddy : A middle ground between what we did and amputation.
Stacy : He's not big on middle ground.
UNK: Yeah.