House : Oh, there are people to find those things out.
Chase : Shouldn't we wait for the Humane Society or something?
Foreman : Guy might only have a couple of hours.
House : And while we wait for the Humane Society to show up,
UNK: what say we check in on the volleyball player.
UNK: You have tendinitis.
Caring : How old is this person?
Caring : I mean, it's not really a 40-year-old man on a girls' volleyball team, right?
House : It's a leg. A leg is a leg is a leg.
UNK: Well, I was just worried that... - Would you worry about her more if she was younger?
UNK: Obviously, we should care about all our patients, no matter what age...
House : Yeah, right. I saw the way you were looking at Carmen.
House : She's mine. Stay away.
House : - Would you operate on your mother? - Ofcourse not.
Caring : I'd be too nervous. Couldn't be objective.
House : Then why are you so anxious to treat every patient like they're family?
House : The actual patient is 16.
House : Here's what happens when doctors care too much.
Cameron : I need to know everything about you.
UNK: I went back three generations.
UNK: No history of cancer, Parkinson's or any other degenerative condition.
UNK: But there's this boy at school, and he's on the boys' volleyball team.
UNK: They made out at a party, and now he won't call her back.
UNK: And this friend of hers at school said this boy didn't like her and never did.
House : You got all this from an examination of the knee?
Cameron : I think she's depressed. She doesn't have tendinitis?
UNK: She has tendinitis. She's depressed about having tendinitis?
Cameron : She's depressed for the same reason that she has tendinitis. Not the boy?
Cameron : No, the boy's a jerk. She knows that, and yet she's depressed.
Cameron : I found a nodule.
UNK: Ahh. Problems with the thyroid gland... Causes depressed mental state...
House : can cause inflammation of the tendons.
Cameron : I'll run the tests.
Caring : So because she took such an extreme interest,
UNK: she found out that the person had a thyroid condition.
House : No. Because she took such an interest, she discovered a tiny nodule...
House : which in reality signified nothing but gave us no choice...
UNK: but to put a person with tendinitis through an expensive and painful test.
House : Here's how a well-adjusted doctor handles a case.
Carmen : Can I put my pants back on now? I'd rather you didn't.
Caring : Which Carmen Electra is this?
UNK: The first one. The golfer.
Keen : Then why isn't she wearing pants?
House : You have decreased reflexes in your patellar tendon.
House : - Anyone? - Slipped disc.
House : Could be. How bad does it hurt?
Carmen : - It hurts really, really bad. - Yeah?
Caring : It doesn't seem real. Is she the one faking?
UNK: Oh, for God's sake. She's here to play into my fantasy, not 'cause she's Meryl Streep.
UNK: Fine.
UNK: Late 30s Man : What the hell is wrong with me!
UNK: Late 30s Man : Do something!
Caring : Too much pain to be a slipped disc. Could be herniated and impinging the nerve root.
Keen : Or it could be referred pain from his groin.
House : Sir, are you getting pain anywhere else?
UNK: - He's curling. It's not the back. - Sir, where are you getting pain?
UNK: Help me! - He's not gonna tell us anything if we don't get him out of pain.
UNK: - Give him 50 milligrams of Demerol. - We have no history. He could be allergic.
House : - What do I do? - We can't diagnose him while he screams.
Caring : Better than killing him with painkillers. That...
House : Apparently he's not allergic.
UNK: Late 30s Man : Thank you. I feel a lot better now.
Caring : We screwed up.
House : No. You did exactly what his attending did.
Rebellious : And that was the proper way to handle the case? Yeah.
Rebellious : The guy used him as a dealer.
UNK: You're gonna see a lot of drug-seeking behavior in your practice.
UNK: There's a reason... It works.
UNK: Meanwhile, back on the farm...