Stacy : You don't think you deserve to be happy?
UNK: Now let them cut off your leg.
House : I can't. I can't.
Foreman : I'm sorry.
UNK: The pain alone is gonna kill you.
House : I know. I know.
House : I need you to talk to the doctor.
Cuddy : He change his mind?
UNK: No.
Stacy : He's asked to be put in a chemically induced coma...
UNK: so that he can sleep through the worst part of the pain.
Cuddy : We can do that.
Stacy : What happens after he's in the coma?
Cuddy : We'll obviously monitor his condition closely,
UNK: and if he can get through the next 48 hours without another cardiac incident...
UNK: I meant, I'm his health care proxy. I get to make medical decisions for him if he's not able to.
Cuddy : You should talk to him about what he wants to do.
Stacy : I know what he wants. But if he's out, it's my call, right?
Cuddy : You'll be out in less than a minute.
UNK: Late 30s Man : Thank you.
Stacy : - Hey. - Hey.
House : I'll see you when I wake up.
House : We'll go golfing.
Stacy : I love you.
Stacy : I love you too.
Foreman : I'm sorry.
House : You've got nothing to be sorry about.
Stacy : The middle ground you were talking about...
Cuddy : We go in, take out the dead muscle.
Cuddy : There's still some risk of reperfusion injury, but...
Stacy : Give me the forms you need signed.
Cuddy : You're saving his life.
Stacy : He won't see it that way.
House : Because of the extent of the muscle removed,
UNK: the utility of the patient's leg was severely compromised.
House : Because of the time delay in making the diagnosis,
Foreman : the patient continues to experience chronic pain.
Caring : She had no right to do that.
Rebellious : - She had the proxy. - She knew he didn't want the surgery.
UNK: She saved his life. - We don't know that. Maybe he would've been fine.
Caring : - It doesn't matter. It's the patient's call. - The patient's an idiot.
House : They usually are.
House : Do you have a buzzer or something? What time does this class end?
Cuddy : Twenty minutes ago.
House : I'm not doing this again.
House : And this guy is not the world's greatest dad. Not even ranked.
House : Who the hell lets their kids play with lead-based paint? That's why he's always sick.
House : Find him some plastic cups, and the class is all his again.
House : Stacy, it's Greg.
UNK: I've got an opening in my calendar for 10 : 00 tomorrow morning.
House : Make sure your husband isn't late.