UNK: You thought I'll be like Red Heat?
Alexis : - Yeah. - That is old Russia. I am new Russia.
Castle : Isn't that our suspect?
Vasiliy : What a coincidence.
Vasiliy : Your detective friends didn't have much luck questioning him.
UNK: - I wonder ifwe can do better. - Oh...
Castle : Maybe we should leave it... Maybe we shouldn't interfere.
UNK: Hello.
Jurgen : Who are you?
Vasiliy : Pick up book, young man.
Vasiliy : This here is Richard Castle, one of the great mystery writers of our time.
Vasiliy : And he has a few questions for you about the murder of Grigory Mishkin.
Jurgen : Get lost, Ivan.
Jurgen : The cops can't touch me. What are you guys going to do?
Vasiliy : Ah, diplomatic immunity.
Vasiliy : It is like a soft fur coat that keeps you warm and cozy
Vasiliy : in America.
Vasiliy : But, my friend, Russian justice plays by different rules.
UNK: What is Russian justice?
Vasiliy : Oh, how should I describe this? Oh, yes.
Vasiliy : When you're in Ibiza next month, you might wake up on the beach
Vasiliy : Without your feet.
UNK: Okay.
Jurgen : I didn't tell this to the cops because
Jurgen : my father gets furious when I hang with Russians.
UNK: Our country have bad history, you know.
Jurgen : Look, I dropped Grigory off at that building
Jurgen : after we took care of a little business.
Jurgen : But I never went in.
UNK: What kind of business? Drugs?
Jurgen : No. He owed me a ticket to a reception at the Russian Consulate.
UNK: It will be wall-to-wall Russian models.
Vasiliy : Yes, Russian women are devastatingly beautiful.
Vasiliy : Tell me, what did you give Grigory in return for the ticket?
Jurgen : A manual on how to hack the computer of a Cherokee automobile.
Vasily : This is a strange request.
Castle : - What did he want with that? - He didn't say. I swear.
Castle : - Who was he meeting in this building? - I have no idea.
Vasiliy : Very well.
Vasiliy : Have a nice day.
UNK: Richard Castle : So, uh...
Jurgen : we're cool, right?
Esposito : How the hell didyou getJurgen to talk?
UNK: Vasily helped him see the value of honesty.
UNK: What can I say? I am people's person.
UNK: Now, why would Grigory want to hack a Cherokee?
Ryan : Well, this might explain that.
Ryan : The lab deciphered those characters
Ryan : from the ink stain they found on Grigory's shirt.
Ryan : It is a case number from a state trooper incident report
Ryan : for the car accident that killed Grigory's mother.
Castle : Let me guess. She was driving a Cherokee.
UNK: Correct.
Vasiliy : So, Grigory doesn't think her death was an accident.