UNK: I should go. So...
Oborin : Oh, yes.
UNK: 'Sup, five-o?
Ryan : Ah, Jurgen, I don't think you understand the trouble you're in.
Jurgen : Oh, please. I ain't in trouble. I am trouble.
Ryan : Oh, yeah, you're a regular Scarface.
UNK: Sit down. Now.
UNK: You think you scare me, five-o?
Jurgen : Please. I could put my little man on this table,
UNK: and there is not one thing you could do.
Esposito : If I see your little man, we're going to have a little problem.
Jurgen : - This guy. - Sitdown.
Vasiliy : You are worried I'm here to make troubles for you.
Beckett : No. No, of course not.
Vasiliy : Captain, do you really want to start off this friendship with a lie?
Beckett : Okay, fine. The truth.
Beckett : A young man was murdered,
Beckett : and I don't want politics to get in the way
Beckett : of catching the bastard who did it.
Vasiliy : I admire your passion. Very Russian.
Vasiliy : Rest assured, I do not wish to interfere in your case.
Vasiliy : I'm as far from the political animal as one can get.
Vasiliy : Frankly, I am excited to learn from Katherine the Great.
Vasiliy : May I share a secret?
Beckett : Uh, yes.
UNK: I've never been to New York,
Vasiliy : and I was hoping there will be some downtime for me to see the sights.
Beckett : Uh, yes, of course.
Beckett : In fact, I can bring you in for the important moments,
UNK: and otherwise, the city is yours to explore.
UNK: You wentfora little ride in the warehouse district.
Esposito : We know you were at that abandoned building last night, Jurgen.
Ryan : You met Grigory there to sell him drugs,
Ryan : and then when he stiffed you, you killed him.
UNK: AII right. I confess.
Jurgen : I confess that
UNK: I'm rich, bitches!
Jurgen : Say cheese.
UNK: What the hell is wrong with you? What are you doing?
Ryan : You're the prime suspect in a murder investigation.
Jurgen : You know I have diplomatic immunity.
Jurgen : To charge me, your State Department has to ask my government permission.
Jurgen : Which they have not.
UNK: But this has been awesome.
Jurgen : Peace out.
Vasiliy : The suspect is leaving.
Ryan : Yeah, cases don't always get solved as quickly as they do in Castle's books.
Vasiliy : What will you do next?
Esposito : Just keep digging until we find some hard evidence on Jurgen.
UNK: Which means that now might be a good time
Beckett : to go do that thing that we talked about.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Esposito : Where's he going?
Beckett : Sightseeing. Looks like he won't be a problem after all.
Castle : Richard Castle Investigations.
UNK: This is Vasily. I have most important news to discuss.
UNK: Ah, listen, if it's about the case...
Vasiliy : No, no, no, no. You see, I'm a writer, too.
Castle : Of course you are.
Vasiliy : I have an idea for a Nikki Heat novel.
Castle : - Of course you do. - Let's meet for coffee.
UNK: Let me... Let me... I'm gonna check my schedule.
UNK: Hey.
UNK: Vasily Zhirov wants me to meet him for coffee. what should I do?
Beckett : Keep him happy. The more time he spends with you,
UNK: the less he's gonna be hanging over my shoulder.
Castle : And if I keep him happy?
Beckett : Then I will keep you happy.
UNK: Done. Vasily!
Vasiliy : The title of the book will be "Heat and Ice".
UNK: Ice is the codename for the new Russian super-spy
UNK: who is Nikki Heat's new nemesis.
UNK: Enemy from the East, a new Cold war.
Vasiliy : Cold war, yes.
Vasiliy : But though Heat and Ice are rivals,
Vasiliy : their sexual attraction is like nuclear fire.
UNK: Vasily, I have to admit you are not at all what I expected.