UNK: Guys.
Ryan : They're denying us entry.
Esposito : Because this is considered Russian soil, we can't force our way in.
UNK: Why hasn't the Consul General canceled the party yet?
Vasiliy : How do you say? It's not good for business.
UNK: If Oborin cancel without credible proof,
UNK: he looks weak in the eyes of his adversaries.
Castle : Politics wins over death threats?
Beckett : In Russia, it's better to be killed than lose face.
Beckett : You need to get us in, now.
UNK: - It's invite only. - So invite us.
Castle : We'll be your plus four.
Esposito : So, what's the plan? We don't even know who the target is.
Beckett : Look for anyone out of place or acting unusual.
Ryan : Well, we know that our attacker
Ryan : is dressed as one of the catering staff, right?
UNK: No, not necessarily.
Castle : They may have used the catering outfit to gain entry.
Castle : But now that they're inside, our infiltrator may try to blend in.
Vasiliy : Yes, yes, very true. But, guys, most important, I vouched for you.
Vasiliy : I have street cred to protect.
Vasiliy : So, please, stay cool, yeah?
Oborin : - More champagne? - I'll go get you some.
UNK: Sniper!
Beckett : Are you okay?
UNK: I think so. I think so.
Beckett : Somebody call an ambulance!
UNK: Sergei.
Ryan : Bullet went through and through.
Ryan : Sergei's in surgery right now. He is expected to make a full recovery.
Ryan : Anything on the shooter?
Esposito : Yeah, we found the sniper's nest
Esposito : in the building across the street from the Consulate.
Ryan : Any luck with security video?
Esposito : Disabled, but we found a janitor's uniform and the sniper's weapon.
UNK: It's a Russian-made Dragunov.
Ryan : Did CSU pull prints or DNA?
UNK: They're trying, but I doubt they are gonna find anything.
Esposito : Whoever pulled this off is a pro.
Ryan : Which means IDing our shooter, who most likely killed Grigory
Ryan : when he found out about this whole assassination plot,
UNK: is gonna be damn near impossible.
Beckett : And it only gets worse.
Beckett : The Russians are claiming that we created a distraction
Beckett : for their security team,
Beckett : which allowed for the assassination attempt on their Consul General.
UNK: Hold up, you save the Consul's ass, and this is the thanks we get?
Beckett : Plus, they're refusing any further cooperation with us
Beckett : on Grigory's murder investigation.
Ryan : - Why would they do that? - I don't...
Vasiliy : Because we're scared.
Vasiliy : It is easier to blame America for our troubles,
Vasiliy : when the truth is, we're fighting ourselves.
UNK: - Is this supposed to be an apology? - It didn't sound like one.
Vasiliy : The attempt on Oborin's life
Vasiliy : has shaken everyone in the Russian diplomatic community.
Vasiliy : No one knows who to trust.
Vasiliy : And what little faith Oborin has in me is now lost.
Beckett : So now that you're all out of friends, you've come to us for help.
Vasiliy : Please, Captain.
UNK: You told me all you wanted was to get the son of bitch behind this.
Vasiliy : Help me get justice to Grigory, Anya and Sergei.
Beckett : Fine. But I have to bring someone else in.
Vasiliy : Get out of town.
Rita : Long time no see.
UNK: Since that thing in the place.
Rita : You mean, the place with the guy?
Vasiliy : Nyet, not that guy. The other guy.
UNK: The guy with big, massive head.
Rita : Oh, that guy, I remember. Things didn't end well for him.
UNK: They might not end well for you either.
Vasiliy : Like I don't know that.
Rita : So, right here, right now, Iay all your cards on the table.
Jurgen : The Russian Consulate in New York has a leak.
Rita : - How bad? - Critical.
Vasiliy : Sensitive intelligence is being sold anonymously at auction.
Vasiliy : Two months ago, I activated Anya Mishkin to identify the traitor.
Rita : I'm guessing the traitor got to her first.
Vasiliy : But then she was killed in a car crash.
Rita : Your traitor silenced her.
UNK: We neednames.
Rita : Who's on your list?
Vasiliy : There's sharing and then there's sharing.
Castle : So, she's from the State Department?
Beckett : Actually, that's just a cover.
Castle : Cover for what? who is she?
Beckett : Rita is many things, one ofwhich is your stepmother.
Beckett : She's been helping me take down LokSat.
UNK: Um, I wanted to tell you sooner, but...
Castle : Let me guess, you couldn't because you needed to protect me.
Beckett : - I'm so sorry. - This is getting really old, Beckett.
Beckett : I know, believe me, it is...
UNK: Old.
Beckett : - It's very old. - Thank you.
Beckett : - Castle, you're absolutely right. - Exactly.
Castle : Right about...
Castle : what was I right about?
Beckett : The report on the Dragunov sniper rifle
Beckett : said that the barrel twist rate was 320mm,
Beckett : but the newer version is 240, right?