Castle : That might be what got him killed.
Ryan : According to the state trooper's report Anya Mishkin, our victim's mother,
Ryan : died in a single vehicle crash on Highway 9,
Ryan : upstate near Cold Springs.
Esposito : Her car hit a tree and burned sometime after 1 : 00 a.m.
Martha : You know, a fire would cover up any evidence
UNK: of a software hack causing that crash.
Beckett : Yeah. But, Castle, there's no indication in these files that it was murder.
Castle : But clearly, Grigory thought
Castle : someone sabotaged his mother's car in order to kill her.
Vasiliy : And investigating that theory got Grigory killed by the saboteur.
Castle : I couldn't have said it better myself.
Esposito : According to financial records, four days ago,
UNK: Grigory stayed at a bed and breakfast near the crash site.
Esposito : The same one that his mom was staying in when she died.
Beckett : Reach out to that bed and breakfast.
UNK: See ifthey know what Grigory was up to.
Vasiliy : So, it's left to us to talk to Grigory's father,
UNK: see if he harbored similar suspicions.
UNK: Vasily, uh, Castle and I don't work together any longer.
UNK: Yes, the news ofwhich is more than I can bear.
Vasiliy : I may have expressed my disappointment to people you know.
Beckett : Uh, excuse me.
Castle : - Beckett. - Bill, what's up?
Beckett : Captain Beckett, I needyou to work with Castle.
Beckett : Oh, uh, Commissioner, no, we're doing everything we can to assist Mr. Zhirov.
UNK: Yeah, I've met him. He's a character.
UNK: I would love to work with them.
Beckett : I would love to have Castle work with us.
UNK: - AII right, bye. - Thank you.
UNK: Fantastic.
Vasiliy : We can stop for pizza.
Castle : - Okay. - Yeah.
Joyce : Yeah, that Russian kid stayed here last week.
Joyce : Poor guy was asking about his mom.
Joyce : She loved staying here at my bed and breakfast.
Joyce : What a shame about the accident.
Ryan : What do you remember about her?
Joyce : Nice lady. Stayed here a few nights with a boyfriend.
Esposito : - Did you get his name? - No. Sorry.
Ryan : - Can you describe him? - I can do you one better.
Joyce : The kid was asking the same question. So, I pulled security video and got
UNK: this.
Beckett : Mr. Mishkin, was there anything in your son or late wife's behavior
Beckett : that would merit suspicion?
Sergei : If there was, I would have told our security agents.
Castle : What was your wife doing upstate?
UNK: Uh...
Sergei : I believe she was having an affair.
UNK: - Uh, with whom? - I don't know.
UNK: We had grown apart, but we both wanted to serve at this post.
Sergei : So, we led separate lives.
Vasiliy : We have to go someplace.
Vasiliy : Excuse us, please.
UNK: Uh...
Beckett : I'll need her contact list,
Beckett : along with anything else that could help us identify
Beckett : who she might have been seeing.
Beckett : Yes, of course. I'll have it ready for you.
Castle : What is this place?
Vasiliy : Communication office. Top secret. Alpha clearance only.
Esposito : - Cool. - Yes.
UNK: But not so cool ifthey catch you here. You'll be shot.
Vasiliy : It's no joke. we must hurry.
UNK: It is possible that Grigory, even though he did not work here,
Vasiliy : kept a dedicated e-mail account in our private server.
Castle : This'll tell us a little bit more
Castle : about his investigation into his mother's death.
UNK: Yes. And there it is.
Vasiliy : I see urgent e-mails from emily2929
Vasiliy : pleading for him to call her.
Vasiliy : She's scared, states that they're both in trouble.
Castle : The last one was sent the day he died. But who's emily2929?
Beckett : Emily Hopper, do you know why you're here?
Emily : This is about Grigory Mishkin?
UNK: Yeah, what was your relationship with him?
Vasiliy : You're about to lie. Don't do it.
UNK: It will not be good for you.
UNK: I saw him a couple of days ago.
Emily : I'd always had a thing for him, so we hooked up.
Emily : But that's it. whatever this is about, whatever he did,
Emily : I had nothing to do with it.
Beckett : And what do you think this is about, exactly?
UNK: Oh, I don't know. Nothing.
Beckett : Emily, Grigory is dead.
Emily : Oh, God.
Beckett : What happened the last time you saw him?
Beckett : Why did you send him e-mails demanding he call you?
UNK: I fell asleep after we, you know...
Emily : when I woke up, I thought I saw him on my laptop.
Emily : He denied it, but after he left,
UNK: I realized that he'd used my work login to access a client's data.
UNK: And what kind ofwork do you do?
Emily : I work with a data storage company.
UNK: We archive files for businesses and some government agencies.
Beckett : Okay, you need to tell me what files Grigory was looking at.
Beckett : Whatever he saw might have gotten him killed.