Sergei : They do what they like, and nobody can stop them.
Sergei : Grigory got lost in their world.
Ryan : Meet the notorious diplobrats of New York City.
Ryan : We arrest them, but immunity means no prosecution.
Esposito : Sounds like catch and release, but without the cooler full of beer.
Ryan : Yeah, I'm searching through all their files
UNK: to see ifthere's a connection back to our vic, but so far nothing.
UNK: Did you hear the Russians are sending one of their own
Esposito : - to ride along with us? - You're kidding me.
UNK: Vasily Zhirov. He's part of the Russian Diplomatic Security Service.
Castle : Red Heat is coming here?
UNK: Oh, Castle. Bearing gifts, I see.
Castle : This is your starter kit for little Kevin.
Castle : Except for the Macallan 25 and ear plugs. Those are for you.
Ryan : - You're a dear and thoughtful man. - I know.
Castle : - So a Russian? - Yeah. Ivan Drago's in the house.
Ryan : I hear those guys are like automatons. Strictly business.
Castle : Well, if Boris is coming, could Natasha be far behind?
UNK: It's gonna be trouble for the big moose
Castle : and little squirrel.
UNK: - It's... He's right behind me, isn't he? - Yeah.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Vasiliy Zhirov : I know you. You are Richard Castle, no?
UNK: Yes.
UNK: Oh...
UNK: It's such an honor!
Castle : The honor is mine!
UNK: Hey.
Vasiliy : I love your books.
UNK: Many offlights to Moscow,
UNK: I've been kept company by Derrick Storm!
Vasiliy : - And Nikki Heat. - Also known Captain Beckett.
UNK: It's also an honor to meet the muse, the inspiration.
UNK: Welcome to the 12th, Mr. Zhirov.
UNK: Such a famous crime-solving duo. It will be a privilege to watch you work.
Beckett : Well, sadly, we don't work together any longer.
Vasiliy : But it cannot be. Beckett without Castle is like
Vasiliy : Boris without Natasha.
Vasiliy : It's like Starsky without The Hutch.
UNK: It's just "Hutch", not "The Hutch".
UNK: You said, "The Hutch".
Esposito : Uh, street cams weren't able to get our getaway car,
UNK: but ShotSpotter was tripped by the engine noise.
UNK: - What is Spot Shotter? - ShotSpotter.
Castle : Audio surveillance system designed to detect gun shots.
UNK: And noises over 120 decibels can also activate the system,
UNK: so we got a recording.
Esposito : You know what? I'll just have to get, uh, experts to tell me what kind of make...
Castle : Yeah, the V10s are notorious
Castle : for crackling and popping Iike breakfast cereal.
Ryan : - Jurgen Kass. - Mmm.
Ryan : The son of the Finnish Ambassador has that very same car.
Ryan : He also has a history of drug and assault charges, though, of course,
Ryan : all those charges were dropped due to his diplomatic immunity.
Beckett : Well, murder doesn't get a pass, so pick him up.
UNK: Mr. Castle, you already have broken open the case.
Castle : Yeah. You know, I'd be glad to stick around but...
Castle : I actually have some business to attend to, so...
UNK: Oh...
UNK: Here we go.