UNK: Espo.
Beckett : Come here.
Beckett : Close the door.
UNK: Emily Hopper's cloud storage company archives old FBI files.
Beckett : That's what Grigory was after.
Esposito : What kind of FBI files?
Beckett : A 1980s Cold war operation
Beckett : to identify and flip Soviet sleeper agents in the US.
UNK: Sleepers?
UNK: - I thought Directorate S was a myth. - No, it was very real.
Beckett : And the FBI's biggest catch was KGB agent Anatoly Arkady.
Beckett : In '87, he defected
Beckett : and went into witness protection as Frank Thomas.
Beckett : And that's Frank, present day, still living in the US.
Esposito : This is our guy from the bed and breakfast.
UNK: And the woman with him here is Grigory's mother, Anya Mishkin.
Beckett : Also a Soviet agent.
Esposito : She's a spy.
Beckett : This is bigger than an illicit affair gone wrong.
Beckett : And I'm beginning to think
UNK: that our friendly Russian knows more than he's telling.
Esposito : Hey, can I borrow Castle and Ryan for a couple of minutes?
Esposito : It's about Ryan's baby shower.
Vasiliy : How many American men does it take to plan a baby shower?
UNK: - Um, three. Shall we? - Yeah.
Ryan : Hey, Javi, what's going on?
Esposito : Do you know ifVasily recognized this guy?
UNK: No, I don't think so. Why do you ask?
Esposito : Because Frank's real name is Anatoly Arkady.
Esposito : He's a defector from Russia from back in the Cold war.
UNK: And Grigory's mom, Anya, is a spy.
UNK: - Really? wow. - Yeah.
UNK: That is so cool! Bad. It's obviously bad.
Castle : Their relationship wasn't romantic?
Beckett : We're not sure what their relationship was.
Beckett : Either way, we now know that Vasily's motives cannot be trusted.
Castle : A defector resurfaces, a spy dies,
Castle : and her son is killed in the middle of the night.
Castle : This novel writes itself.
Ryan : Then tell us what happens next.
Jurgen : I have no idea. That's what makes it so good.
Beckett : Frank, aka Anatoly, is the key to figuring out
Beckett : what's behind these murders.
Beckett : So you guys dig into his life and see what you can find.
UNK: What do want us to do about Vasily?
Beckett : We gotta keep him as far away from this case as possible.
UNK: Which means we need to launch Operation Nickel Tour.
UNK: AII right.
Castle : - What's that? - You're gonna take him sightseeing.
Beckett : See what he knows.
Beckett : In the meantime, I'm gonna talk to the feds
UNK: and see ifthey have any intel on Anatoly returning to active status.
Beckett : Hello, I need my curtains cleaned.
UNK: Vasily.
UNK: Is the baby party emergency resolved?
UNK: Oh, yeah, yeah. And good news,
Castle : the boys have hours and hours of research to do, phone calls for the case.
Castle : So I thought why not take this chance
Castle : to show you around this little island we call home.
Vasiliy : It is not a critical juncture? I don't want to be a shirker.
Castle : Oh, come on. A little shirking never hurt anyone.
Castle : We'll have a late lunch at Tavern on the Green,
UNK: then a carriage ride around the park.
Castle : It's a tradition.
Vasiliy : This is why we have cell phones, huh?
Castle : Exactly! Let's go.
UNK: So, I wanna hear more about you. Diplomatic Security sounds fascinating.
Vasiliy : Ah, it's like theater.
Vasiliy : Everyone pretends to be one thing while really they're another.
Vasiliy : And nobody cares about anything
UNK: but results.
Castle : Ah, bosses, right? what do they know? Who do you report to?
Vasiliy : Sorry, my mamochka needs attention. It's okay?
Castle : Listen, I know a thing or two about
Castle : having a needy mamochka, please.
Vasily : She is most excited I have met you.
Castle : Oh, well, I'm sure an autographed copy of my latest book can be arranged.
Vasiliy : Oh, amazing! She also requested a few souvenirs.
Vasiliy : We can go?
Castle : Anywhere you like.
Beckett : Rita, thank you for meeting with me so quickly.
Esposito : I like it.
Rita : Although when I ran ops in strip clubs, we were open for business.
Beckett : So, I've got two murders,
UNK: and all roads lead towards a Russian defector from the '80s, Anatoly Arkady?