UNK: Yes, it was changed in the '90s.
Beckett : So then why would our sniper use an older model,
Beckett : when the newer one is so much more powerful and accurate?
UNK: It must've been the only thing the assassin had access to.
Rita : Only who the hell leaves around
Rita : a Russian sniper rifle from the 1980s lying around?
UNK: - Molniya. - Lightning?
Vasiliy : It's an old KGB code name for weapon caches planted in NATO countries
Vasiliy : to support the agents in the field.
Vasiliy : After the dissolution of the Soviet Union, many were abandoned.
UNK: Bet someone in the field would know where they were.
UNK: Like Frank, except he's all lawyered up.
Vasiliy : Yes, but I too know where these old caches are.
UNK: We search those caches, we could find our killer.
Rita : You remind me of Jackson.
Castle : I find that very hard to believe.
Rita : You have his eyes and that mischievous grin.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : - Oh. - Mmm-hmm. Yep, there it is.
UNK: How is he?
UNK: Alive.
Rita : In our business, that's all you can hope for.
UNK: Does he ever, um, mention me?
Alexis : - No. - Ouch.
Castle : You couldn't have lied?
UNK: Doesn't mean he's not thinking ofyou.
Rita : It's just how he deals with having to have to stay away.
Rita : He does it for your own safety.
Castle : I am so sick of people pushing me away for my safety.
Rita : Specifically Beckett, I'm assuming.
Rita : Still a wee bit upset, huh?
Castle : The anger flares up from time to time, yes.
Rita : - She did it out of love. - No, I know. I know.
Castle : At the end of the day,
Castle : she's worth it.
Rita : I'm glad I met you, Richard.
Castle : I'm glad I met you, too.
Rita : But you didn't, remember that.
Castle : No, your secret is safe.
Castle : Am I going to see you or my dad again?
UNK: He's so very proud ofyou.
Ryan : Hey, guys, you're going to want to see this.
UNK: I've been scrubbing traffic-cam footage
Ryan : at the addresses of all the old Cold war caches in the city.
Beckett : - What did you find? - Well, you have to see it to believe it.
Ryan : This is from yesterday.
Beckett : - Who's that? - I'll show you. wait for it.
Ryan : Remember our Cold war spies, Anatoly and Anya?
Ryan : This is her now.
Vasiliy : This is Anya Mishkin.
Ryan : Grigory's mother.
Beckett : But she died in the car crash.
UNK: No, she's alive and well.
Beckett : She must have taken the Dragunov from the gun cache.
UNK: Now we know who our assassin is.
Beckett : Do you expect me to believe that
UNK: you had no idea Anya was still alive?
UNK: I swear it. For all I know,
UNK: Anya's the leak in the Russian Consulate all along.
UNK: And she faked her own death just to throw you off?
Sergei : I don't know.
UNK: Captain, that BOLO I put out on that stolen car Anya got into paid off.
Ryan : Unis pulled her over on the LIE.
Beckett : - Do they have her in custody? - Bringing her in right now.
Beckett : I'll question her.
UNK: So, what was the endgame, Anya?
Beckett : Money for selling secrets in a Cayman account,
Beckett : so that you and Frank could sit on a beach?
UNK: Anya Mishkin : You have no idea what you are talking about.
UNK: But the price of this fantasy getaway was steep.
UNK: Your son's life.
UNK: So, who killed him? was it Frank? Or did you do it yourself?
Anya : Everything I've done was in order to save him.
Beckett : Grigory found out the truth, didn't he?
Beckett : And he threatened to expose you. That's why you killed him.
Beckett : The thing I don't understand is,
Beckett : why did you stick around for the assassination attempt
Castle : at the Consulate?
UNK: AII I had left was vengeance.
Beckett : What did Oborin do to you?
Anya : I wasn't aiming for Oborin.
UNK: Sergei?
Beckett : You were aiming for your husband?
Anya : And if you hadn't interfered, he would be dead now,
Anya : as he should be.
Vasiliy : I must say, Rick,
UNK: your novel don't do Beckett justice.
Castle : She's just getting started.
Anya : I am not the devil you think I am.
Anya : - I am not a traitor. - But your husband is?
Anya : Yes. Sergei is the one who's been selling our trade secrets
Anya : to economic competitors. I have proof.
UNK: And why didn't you tell Vasily? Was it love?
Anya : Not love.
Anya : I held my tongue because my husband is very well-connected.
UNK: Much more so than Vasily.
Vasiliy : Sadly, Rick, this is all true.
Anya : If I had turned Sergei in,
UNK: he would've used his political muscle to bury me.
Anya : I would have been the one on trial, not him.
Anya : Laws mean nothing in Russia.
UNK: AII that matters is power.
UNK: So, you faked your death to protect yourself.
Beckett : But Grigory became suspicious.
Anya : He got onto the truth ofwhat Sergei was doing.