UNK: Alexis Castle : - What is all that? - Oh, my Lord.
UNK: Richard Castle : Somewhere in one of these bags
UNK: is the perfect baby shower gift for Jen and Ryan.
UNK: Richard Castle : I just need your help picking which one.
UNK: Ready?
UNK: Ta-da!
Alexis : - No. - Is that a bulletproof baby vest?
UNK: - It's completely inappropriate. - Oh...
Castle : - Really? - So wrong.
UNK: Okay. Then, you're gonna hate the onesies that say,
UNK: "I'm with Officer Stupid."
Martha : Richard, I honestly...
Martha : why can't you just buy a simple, traditional...
Martha : why is this so difficult for you?
Castle : It's not. This next one is perfect.
Castle : - Trust me. - Okay.
UNK: - Is it a baby-sized light saber? - No.
Alexis : Please tell me that's not the creepy robot nanny
Alexis : that sings Leonard Cohen lullabies.
Castle : What's wrong with Leonard Cohen lullabies?
Martha : It's more like Silence of the Lambs than MaryHada Little Lamb.
Martha : Oh, don't worry, sweetheart.
Martha : Fortunately, Alexis has purchased the perfect baby shower gift.
UNK: AII you have to do is sign the card.
Castle : Do you have any idea how hard it is to find machine-washable Kevlar?
Castle : Why didn't you tell me this before I went shopping?
Martha : Because we would have so missed torturing you.
Martha : You are our favorite reality show.
Castle : I'm so happy I could entertain you.
Castle : Thank you, Alexis. I will drop this off at the precinct a little later.
Alexis : Too bad you can't go to the shower.
Castle : Oh, well, Beckett got baby showers in the breakup, so...
Martha : You know, that's funny, 'cause recently you just, uh,
UNK: don't seem to be so tortured by all that.
Castle : Oh, well, you know, Beckett asked for some time.
Castle : So, I'm just giving it to her.
Castle : - Every day. - Well...
Castle : - Sometimes twice. - What?
UNK: I said, "This is nice." Thank you so much for doing that.
Alexis : - Yeah, no problem. - Bye.
UNK: Morning. BECKETT : Hey.
Ryan : So, our vic is a Russian national, name of...
Beckett : Grigory Mishkin. I spoke to the police commissioner.
Beckett : He's the son of a Consulate Officer, which means this might get political.
Ryan : Oh, great.
UNK: Hey, Lanie. So, what do we got?
UNK: Lanie Parish : Throat was slashed.
UNK: Liver temp puts time of death between 2 : 00 and 4 : 00 a.m.
Beckett : Any idea what our victim was doing
Beckett : in an abandoned building in the middle of the night?
Ryan : No, his pockets were turned out,
Ryan : but his wallet and his cell phone were found nearby.
Ryan : So, the killer searched him,
Ryan : but there's no way to know if anything was taken.
Beckett : Lanie, what do you make of these?
Lanie : Looks like ink that was transferred from whatever was in his shirt.
Beckett : See if the lab can reconstruct the characters.
Beckett : He might have been killed because of whatever was inside.
Alexis : - Yeah. - Thanks.
UNK: Howdy.
UNK: "Howdy"?
UNK: Yeah. "Yo" was getting played out, so I thought I'd try something new.
Beckett : You might want to keep trying, 'cause "howdy" is just...
UNK: wrong.
Esposito : Well, I like it.
Esposito : Oh, by the way, there's a homeless guy
Esposito : that was camped out down the block.
Esposito : He heard a car roar to life, burn rubber around 2 : 30 a.m.
UNK: So, I'm pulling the street-cam footage.
UNK: AII right, keep me posted.
UNK: I'm gonna head off to Russia and talk to next of kin.
Ryan : - Russia? - What?
UNK: Oh, legally, a consulate is considered foreign territory, so...
UNK: Ah...
UNK: AII right. See you later.
UNK: I'm Consul General Pavel Oborin.
Beckett : Captain Kate Beckett, NYPD. Pleasure to meet you, Mr. Oborin.
Oborin : Yes, Captain.
Oborin : I will take you to Grigory's father, Sergei.
Oborin : He hopes for a quick resolution and to see justice served.
Beckett : As do we.
Beckett : Now, is it possible
Beckett : that Grigory's father's consulate work put his son at risk?
Oborin : Oh, Mr. Mishkin writes economic forecasts for commodities.
Oborin : It's hardly a thing worth killing for.
Beckett : And did you know Grigory?
Oborin : Oh, yes. I watched him grow up.
Oborin : You see, for us, this is very personal.
Beckett : I understand.
Oborin : Then you will be amenable to my request
Oborin : to have a Russian Diplomatic Security Officer assigned to the case.
Beckett : Uh, Mr. Oborin, I appreciate the offer,
Beckett : but my detectives are the best in the city.
Oborin : Oh, I do not doubt that, but still I must insist.
Oborin : A spirit of cooperation is in everyone's best interest.
UNK: Sergei Mishkin : Oh, please, can you tell me what happened with Grigory?
Beckett : We're not exactly sure just yet.
Castle : Do you have any idea
Beckett : what he was doing in an abandoned building?
Sergei : I wish I did.
Sergei : Grigory hasn't been himself
UNK: since we lost his mother, Anya, in a car accident.
UNK: Uh-huh.
UNK: The last month had been a downward spiral of drinking, drugs.
Beckett : So, he could have been meeting with a dealer?
Sergei : I wouldn't know.
Sergei : But the new crowd he was spending time with would.
Beckett : And what crowd is this?
Sergei : - Diplobrats. - Uh...
UNK: Spoiled children offoreign officers
Sergei : who flaunt the law with diplomatic immunity.