Wilson : House, the nurses saw you come in.
UNK: Enter.
Wilson : It's a bathroom.
UNK: Ah!
House : Explains the hole in this chair.
UNK: God, I've missed doors.
House : And air freshener.
House : Now go away. I'm waiting for some test results.
Wilson : My patient signed a DNR, she's giving up.
Wilson : Looks like someone else will be getting the lungs.
Wilson : Making this yet another interaction with you in which I get nothing.
House : It's not my fault you can't handle your patient.
Wilson : She said she's done.
Wilson : I spent half an hour trying to change her mind, but she'd made her decision.
Wilson : I accepted that. It's called respect.
House : What's after respect?
House : You find another angle, you hold her hands,
UNK: get the sister to beg, stick your fingers in your ears
UNK: and pretend you can't hear her.
House : Do whatever it takes.
Wilson : Oh. Whatever it takes'? Thanks, House, I hadn't thought of that.
Foreman : - What are you testing for? - Hemosiderosis.
Park : I'm staining for excess iron.
UNK: Promising.
Foreman : When your dad showed up unexpectedly, House have a hand in that?
Park : I'm guessing he does things like that a lot.
Foreman : His version of a compliment.
Foreman : I spoke to the head of Neurology in Chicago.
House : I gave you a good recommendation.
Park : Did you mention what happened?
Foreman : Lawyers say I'm not allowed to.
Foreman : Works out well for everyone.
Park : Why exactly is that good for you?
Foreman : Excuse me?
Park : I'm a talented physician, top 2% of my class.
Park : I'm an asset to this hospital,
Park : an asset you're about to lose to Chicago.
Foreman : You applied for the job, you asked me to call and recommend you...
Park : Andrews is the one that should leave, he's the supervisor.
Park : He touched me first
Foreman : I can't discuss any of that, not before the hearing.
Foreman : But if you're having doubts about Chicago, I can call them back.
Park : No. Thank you.
Betty : Dr. Foreman, would you look at this?
UNK: Iron? No.
Park : White blood cells.
Foreman : Classic presentation of an infection.
Park : How the hell did we miss that?
Park : Biopsy revealed white blood cell infiltrates.
House : Infection was right after all.
House : Fresh fruit in prison is usually chicken.
Park : Why aren't you more alarmed? We're running out of time.
House : She's dying!
House : Were you able to figure out what was wrong while I was screaming?
Park : Infection was the first thing that the transplant team treated for.
UNK: Which would've worked if the bacteria had been out in the open.
House : If they're hiding inside the lung's cells...
House : I'm thinking Brucella.
House : To wipe that out, you need special ops.
House : An intact immune system.
Park : But that's what white blood cells are.
House : They're part of the immune defense force, like the infantry.
House : Those lungs need the Air Force, the Marines,
UNK: antibodies raining down from above.
UNK: Antibiotics and MG.
Park : Did you use metaphors for your old team?
Park : Or do you just think I'm particularly stupid?
House : No. They were stupid, too.
Park : What are you doing here?
Bobby : I'm here for Vanessa.
Theresa : Now is not the time, Bobby.
Bobby : She asked me to come. Right, Doc?
Wilson : Actually, it was my idea.
Theresa : What? What are you thinking? She doesn't want to see him.
Wilson : When Vanessa was ready to quit chemo,
Wilson : Bobby's the one who got her to do one more round.
Theresa : Yeah. And then he got her drunk.
Theresa : At least tell me you haven't been drinking today.
Bobby : I should go. Yeah.
Vanessa : Hail, hail, the gang's all here.
Bobby : Hey, beautiful.