Esposito : I'm good.
GATES : The SUV took off right after you hit the subway.
Gates : We're pulling traffic footage,
Gates : and we've got every cop in the city looking for it.
Beckett : And you said they were wearing masks?
Ryan : Yeah, clown masks.
Castle : As if clowns weren't creepy enough.
BECKETT : What about their voices?
Beckett : Did they say anything? Did they have accents?
Esposito : They let their bullets do the talking.
RYAN : Captain, they attacked us in broad daylight.
Ryan : They knew we had the rock.
Ryan : Now, either Barrett Hawke has gone commando all of a sudden,
Ryan : or something else is going on here.
UNK: He's right. This is starting to sound like
Castle : it's about a whole lot more than just a diamond.
GATES : Okay, get cleaned up.
Gates : I need you two to go hunting for that SUV.
Gates : Whatever's going on, Alice was in it up to her eyeballs.
Gates : If any of her clients have even the remotest connection
Gates : to a country that produces diamonds, I wanna know about it.
Beckett : - Yes, sir. - All right.
Castle : So I was thinking...
Castle : When we work a case together,
Castle : this desk of yours is sort of, kind of our space.
UNK: And these elephants-on-parade have creeped me out since day one,
Castle : so what do you say we just get rid of these?
UNK: Oh, I'm sorry. Do you have a problem with that,
Castle : if I try to get rid of something that obviously has deep meaning to you?
Beckett : If you don't like the elephants, I don't like the elephants.
UNK: Fine.
Castle : I actually like those elephants.
Castle : They obviously have family values, and this one's good with money.
UNK: Anyway, any luck on Alice's clients?
Beckett : Yeah. A couple of possibilities.
Beckett : A hedge fund manager with investments in South Africa.
Beckett : A UN diplomat with ties to Russia.
Beckett : And a CEO with a manufacturing plant 80 miles from a Chinese mine.
UNK: What if we're looking at this wrong?
Castle : What if it's not about Alice's clients but it's actually about Alice?
Castle : What do you mean?
Castle : When she was living with the gorillas in Africa, that was in Rwanda,
Castle : right along the border of the Congo. A region known for conflict diamonds.
Beckett : So you think she was involved in the blood diamond trade?
Castle : I think it's a story that writes itself.
Castle : A young primatologist in an unstable region
UNK: falls for a different kind of guerilla,
Castle : a warlord who is funding his bloody agenda with diamonds.
Castle : He gives her one as a gift...
Castle : No, no, go back.
Castle : She's not that into him, and she steals the diamond,
Castle : having no idea its real value.
Castle : She smuggles it back to the United States,
UNK: but finds she can't sell it without attracting too much attention.
Castle : So she hides it.
Castle : Until one day, a jilted and well-read warlord
Castle : finds a book, and sees her photo on the back.
Castle : Knowing what she stole, he comes after her.
UNK: That is surprisingly plausible.
Castle : I know, right? It's actually... It would actually explain a lot.
Castle : Why she was planning to disappear,
Castle : why Esposito and Ryan were shot at in broad daylight.
Castle : That's actually a perfect theory.
UNK: Maybe, Castle. But you know what? I might have a better one.
Beckett : What do you know about Steve Warner?
UNK: Uh... Tech entrepreneur?
Beckett : Yeah. Apparently, he and his wife were Alice's clients.
Castle : And what? They had business contacts in diamond-producing countries?
Beckett : No. But their charitable foundation does.
Beckett : Primarily in Africa,
Beckett : delivering immunizations to developing and war-torn countries.
Castle : Okay, but what makes your heroic philanthropist story
Castle : better than my crazed warlord story?
UNK: This.
Beckett : That's Steve and Janet Warner
Beckett : at the Amnesty Global benefit two nights ago. Janet's on their board.
Beckett : You recognize anything?
Castle : Hello, gorgeous.