Leo : Nature doesn't make exact copies.
Esposito : They were man-made.
Leo : I tried to trace them back to their source.
Leo : All I knew was that they were coming out of the States.
Leo : And then Alice called me out of the blue.
Leo : Said one of her clients, Steve Warner, had a secret.
UNK: Wait. Are you telling me that Steve Warner can make diamonds?
UNK: Yes.
Leo : Man-made diamonds are nothing new,
Leo : but no one had ever produced this quality of gem before.
Leo : Big and flawless.
Leo : Soon, diamond mines would be a relic of the past.
Leo : Steve Warner's technology could change everything.
Leo : So I approached Warner. I begged him to make his technology available.
Leo : But he denied he even had it.
Leo : He was just using it to line his own pockets.
Leo : The world needed to know, and we needed proof.
Tori : The necklace.
Leo : We knew that if we could just examine that stone
Leo : that we could tie it back to the others.
UNK: Then we could show everyone what he was doing,
Leo : and they could all see that it was possible.
UNK: Then everyone would eventually unlock the code.
Esposito : Then all of a sudden, flawless, man-made diamonds
Esposito : would flood the market.
Leo : No more cartels. No more sponsored bloodshed.
Leo : We were going to change the world.
Leo : That night, Alice had a plane standing by to take us to a private lab.
Leo : But she never showed.
Esposito : Did anyone else know you'd taken the diamond?
Leo : The only people that knew that diamond was gone
Leo : were me, Alice, and the Warners.
Steve : We told you, we're not answering questions about that diamond.
UNK: Yeah, that's okay. There's nothing that you can say that we don't already know.
Beckett : For instance, we know it's man-made.
Castle : And we know you are the man who made it.
Beckett : We also know that you made a lot of cash
Beckett : secretly selling those man-made diamonds on foreign markets.
Steve : That's ridiculous. Do you know what I'm worth? Why would I do that?
Beckett : You took a huge hit during the economic downturn.
Beckett : You were leveraged to the hilt.
Beckett : You needed that cash.
Steve : Even if what you're saying is true, that doesn't mean I murdered Alice!
Beckett : You did hire Hawke to get that diamond back.
UNK: EXHALES SHARPLY
Steve : I had to. I was afraid VonRoenn would find out.
UNK: VonRoenn the diamond cartel? What do they have to do with this?
Steve : When I was in engineering school,
Steve : I developed a process for lab-grown diamonds.
Steve : But all I could manage were small, flawed stones.
Steve : They were worthless.
Steve : At the time I had no money,
Steve : so I sold the technology to the only people interested. VonRoenn.
Janet : They wanted to stifle the competition. You know, protect their market share.
UNK: And a few years ago, Janet and I hit a rough patch,
Steve : and I wanted to give her something meaningful.
Steve : It was too easy just to buy her a diamond.
Beckett : So you decided to make one of your own.
Steve : I broke out my equipment so I could make her a small diamond.
Steve : But in the process, I had a game-changing breakthrough.
Steve : My little romantic gesture became one of the biggest diamonds in history.
Steve : Suddenly, I could make flawless stones.
Steve : As many as I wanted.
Castle : With technology that now belonged to VonRoenn.
UNK: But when the downturn hit and you needed cash...
Beckett : You realized you had the means, as long as no one knew.
Steve : It violated our agreement. If VonRoenn found out, they'd ruin me.
Beckett : Which is why you hired a strike team to recover that stone from our custody.
Steve : What? I don't know what you're talking about.
Beckett : Mr. Warner, we found the SUV they used.
UNK: It had been torched, but CSU still was able to pull the VIN number.
Castle : Turns out it was stolen from a garage in Queens.
UNK: And the garage owner, Joseph Bianchi?
Castle : He's the brother-in-law of your head of security.
Castle : We also pulled phone records,
Castle : and found that you and he
Castle : had exchanged at least half a dozen phone calls
Castle : in the hours before the attack.
UNK: What?
Beckett : You ordered that strike.
Steve : I didn't make these calls. I wasn't even home. It's...
UNK: No...
Steve : Janet, what did you do?
Janet : What did I do? I treated her like family.
Janet : I trusted her.
Janet : When Hawke found out it was Alice, I went to her,
Janet : begging for her to give the stone back.
Janet : I only meant to scare her. But she grabbed for the gun, and...
UNK: She would've exposed us, Steve. We were going to lose everything.
Janet : I had to stop her. I had to get it back.
Janet : For us. For you.
UNK: SOBBING
UNK: Keep 'em closed.
Beckett : Castle, I swear, if you're bringing me face-to-face with Linus,
UNK: I'm gonna pull my gun out and shoot him.
Castle : - That will not be necessary. - Okay.
UNK: Okay, open 'em.
BECKETT : Sea shells?
UNK: Not just sea shells, those are our sea shells. We collected those...
Beckett : On our first walk in the Hamptons.
Beckett : Castle, you kept these?
Castle : Now, I know it doesn't really go with the space,
Castle : but at least it won't be hungrily staring at you in the morning.
Beckett : You didn't have to do this.
Castle : No, I did. I did. I finished reading Alice's book.
Castle : And there's a chapter in there that speaks to couples like us.
Castle : See, we're both alphas.
Castle : And it says that we need to define our shared territory together.
UNK: These art pieces all over? These are all my stories.
Castle : But the shells? That's ours.
Beckett : - I like our story. - Yeah. Me, too.
UNK: LION GROWLING
UNK: Whoa.
Castle : That can't be good.
Castle : You have to admit, though, we brought this upon ourselves.
UNK: CONTINUES GROWLING
UNK: Seriously?
Castle : Look, if you're scared, you can always sleep on my side of the bed tonight.
UNK: Deal.