Esposito : Alice counseled some serious VIPs. CEOs, politicians, generals.
Esposito : And she took very detailed notes of every session.
Castle : The most intimate details of the world's elite?
UNK: People have been killed for a lot less.
Beckett : Are there any files missing?
Esposito : Well, the assistant is combing through them now,
UNK: but it's gonna take some time.
Ryan : All right, so I scrubbed her building's security video and check this out.
Ryan : This guy went up to Alice's office floor
Ryan : near the tail end of our time-of-death window.
Ryan : And he was the only person up there last night.
Castle : Which means he's the only person who could've tossed Alice's place.
Esposito : Check it out. He's turned away from the camera in every shot.
BECKETT : Hiding his face from us. This is our guy.
UNK: Detective, your victim's boyfriend is here.
Matt : No. Never seen him before.
Beckett : And you have no idea what he might've been looking for?
UNK: EXHALING This is my fault.
Matt : I was supposed to pick her up last night, but I got held up at work.
Beckett : Where is it that you work, exactly?
Matt : I'm a consultant for an international aid NGO.
Matt : All she did was help people. Why would anyone wanna kill her?
Beckett : How did she seem to you lately?
Beckett : Was there anything to indicate she was having any troubles in her life?
Matt : No, nothing.
Matt : She seemed happy.
Beckett : And how about her clients? Was she having difficulty with anyone?
UNK: Sometimes.
Matt : The people she counseled could be aggressive. Demanding.
Matt : But she liked the challenge.
Matt : Taming the wild beast and all that.
Beckett : Did anyone stand out in particular?
UNK: Alice was discreet about her work.
Matt : Though at lunch the other day, she seemed a little rattled.
UNK: She said she'd received a call from a pissed-off client.
UNK: Do you know who?
UNK: Like I said, she was discreet.
Beckett : Okay, thanks.
Castle : Hey, listen to this.
UNK: "Males of both species define their territory,
UNK: "then honor the female by inviting them in."
UNK: See, I'm honoring you by inviting you into my territory.
Castle : And Linus is part of that territory.
UNK: And if you wanna be invited into my territory again,
Beckett : you should probably rethink that.
Beckett : So CSU just finished with the car and the office,
Beckett : and they found no prints and almost no trace evidence.
Beckett : It's like both locations had been cleaned.
Castle : That, and the cameras? This guy's a pro.
UNK: Okay, so then why would a professional assassin murder a therapist?
Castle : Because, as a therapist, she'd be privy to her clients' deepest, darkest secrets.
UNK: Secrets so explosive that simply hearing them ensured her demise.
Beckett : All right, what kind of secrets?
UNK: Well, nuclear launch codes. That the moonwalk was a fake.
Castle : That Roswell wasn't.
Castle : Secret location of the cryogenically-frozen body of Walt...
UNK: Well, boyfriend checks out. Called his office.
Ryan : They verified that he was working all last night.
Ryan : But Alice definitely tumbled down the rabbit hole to Shadyland.
Ryan : That alert on her phone, N-F-1-9-4-5?
Ryan : It's the tail number of a private jet that she chartered.
Beckett : She chartered a private jet? To where?
Ryan : I contacted the pilot out of Teterboro.
UNK: He said Alice paid him 50 grand in cash to be on standby with a full tank of gas.
Ryan : Destination unknown.
Castle : She knew she was in trouble. She was gettin' ready to disappear.
Beckett : Okay, she's a best-selling author with a flourishing career.
Beckett : If she was in trouble, why didn't she just call the police or her boyfriend?
Beckett : Why would she charter a jet?
Esposito : Hey, guys, we got something.
Esposito : Canvass turned up a news vendor
Esposito : who saw our suspect leave Alice's building and drive off in a blue van.
Esposito : The reason he remembers our guy
Esposito : is because his van was parked behind a woman
UNK: who was cursing out a parking officer for giving her a ticket.
TORY : Luckily, Traffic Enforcement's vehicles are mounted with cameras
UNK: Tech Agent Tori : that snap photos of each parked car. It's how they catch meter cheaters.
UNK: Tech Agent Tori : Here's the ticketed car.
UNK: Tech Agent Tori : And here's your murder suspect's blue van.
Esposito : It's registered to a Manhattan Raptor, Inc.
Beckett : We get an address?