Beckett : Mr. And Mrs. Warner, thank you so much for coming.
UNK: Steve Warner : Of course. We can't tell you how shocked we were
UNK: Steve Warner : to hear about Alice.
UNK: How long had the two of you been her clients?
Steve : A couple of years.
UNK: Janet Warner : She saved our marriage.
UNK: Janet Warner : Being a power couple isn't easy. Alice understood that.
Beckett : Just curious. When the two of you would meet with Alice,
UNK: would you go to her office, or would she come to your home?
Janet : Both. Why?
Castle : Did she ever have access to your place?
Castle : Did you ever give her keys or security codes?
Steve : No, why would we? What's this all about?
Beckett : We believe her murder is connected to a theft.
Beckett : A theft?
Beckett : Yeah, a rather significant one.
Castle : Either of you notice anything missing?
Steve : Like what?
Steve : I'm sorry. I don't understand.
Beckett : Mr. Warner, that is your diamond. All 100 carats of it.
Beckett : It was found in Alice's possession. Any idea how she got it?
Steve : I think there's been a mistake. This isn't ours.
Kyle : It's not?
Janet : I've never seen that stone before in my life.
Beckett : Really? Well, you were wearing it the other night.
JANET : Oh, I see the confusion.
Janet : The stone in my necklace, that's not a diamond.
Janet : It's a costume piece. It's just crystal.
Beckett : Crystal? Mrs. Warner, that is the same stone.
Janet : Detective, you're mistaken. They only look similar.
Beckett : Then I suppose you won't mind
Beckett : if we send one of our detectives home with you to look at it.
Beckett : Just to be sure.
Steve : I think we're done here.
Steve : If you have any more questions, you can direct them to my attorneys.
BECKETT : Of course they're lying.
Beckett : But the real question is why are they lying?
Castle : Given their net worth, better to take a $60 million loss
Castle : than be connected with a dead body.
Beckett : No, Castle, it's more than that.
Beckett : If they knew that Alice stole that diamond,
UNK: they should've gone to the cops. But they didn't.
UNK: Why?
Castle : Probably because, if they did,
Castle : that would mean having to reveal where the diamond came from.
Castle : There's gotta be a reason why no one's heard of it.
Castle : And it must be a nefarious one.
Beckett : Which means they would do anything,
Beckett : outside of going to the cops, to get it back.
ESPOSITO : You may be right.
UNK: So a uniform just talked to the doorman at the Warners' building in Tribeca.
Esposito : He says he buzzed Hawke up to their penthouse yesterday morning.
Beckett : And Alice was killed last night.
Castle : Looks like New York's famous fixer is in a bit of a fix. CHUCKLES
UNK: So I visited some friends in Tribeca. Doesn't prove anything.
Beckett : Why were you at the Warners'?
Hawke : I needed to use their bathroom.
UNK: Are we really gonna dance this dance again?
UNK: 'Cause I got better things to do.
Beckett : Sit down!
Beckett : Now, Mr. Hawke!
Beckett : You're not walking away from this one.
Beckett : I've connected you to the Warners, the Warners to the stone,
Beckett : the stone to the dead girl, and the dead girl back to you.
UNK: And then there is also the matter
Beckett : of the armed assault on two NYPD detectives.
Hawke : I did not kill Alice Clark.
Hawke : And I had nothing to do with any assault.
Beckett : Then who did?
Hawke : Turn off the mic.
Hawke : My business is discretion,
Hawke : so none of this is on the record. Do you follow?