CASTLE : Threatening to kill her?
Castle : It would explain why she did it.
Castle : And why she was trying to disappear.
Esposito : Hey, we got a hit on our clown car.
Esposito : Uniforms found it abandoned by the East River.
Ryan : SUV's been bleached and torched.
Ryan : CSU's scouring it for clues, but it seems like it was a high-level job.
UNK: And Tory has something on the mugging.
Tori : Okay, now, according to Hawke,
Tori : the mugger snatched the necklace at 11 : 00 on 52nd Street
Tori : and bolted south on 8th.
Tori : Unfortunately, there are no street or security cams in the vicinity,
Tori : but a 911 call came in two minutes later from 49th and 8th.
Tori : Three blocks away.
OPERATOR : 911, what's your emergency?
WOMAN : There's been a hit and run!
OPERATOR : What's your location? I'll send an ambulance.
WOMAN : No, you don't understand! I hit someone, and he ran!
OPERATOR : He ran?
WOMAN : Yeah, a man dressed all in black, wearing a ski mask.
Woman : He came out of nowhere!
UNK: That's got to be our guy. Get over there, get a full description.
Woman : I can still hear the sound of his body going "thunk" on my hood.
Ryan : Do you remember what he looked like?
Woman : No. The whole thing was a blur. Just that god-awful sound.
Woman : He hit so hard he left a dent.
Woman : But when I got out of my car,
Woman : he just pushed himself off and ran down 49th.
Woman : Here, I'll show you.
Woman : His hands were up like this. And then...
Ryan : - Thank you. Thank you very much. - CELL PHONE RINGING
Esposito : I'll call CSU.
Ryan : Ryan here.
UNK: Yes, Detective. Edward Peters here.
UNK: I believe we have a new insight into your diamond.
Peters : After reviewing test results on the stone,
Peters : my colleagues and I all reached the same conclusion.
Ryan : Which is?
Peters : The diamond is flawless.
Peters : Flawless beyond anything nature could create.
Ryan : Are you saying it's fake?
Peters : No, it's composed of carbon and entirely real.
Peters : But it is man-made.
Ryan : What are you saying, man-made?
Peters : There have long been industrially-produced diamonds,
Peters : carbon under heat and pressure, mimicking Mother Nature in a lab.
Peters : But typically the stones are small or of inferior quality.
UNK: So it's not worth $60 million.
UNK: No.
Peters : It's actually worth infinitely more.
Peters : In fact, it's priceless.
UNK: Priceless?
UNK: Priceless?
Ryan : Yeah. Apparently, a stone of that size and quality,
Ryan : it's the Holy Grail of diamond manufacturing,
Ryan : considered by most to be impossible.
Castle : Until now.
Beckett : So where did the Warners get it, and why are they denying its existence?
Esposito : I don't know.
Castle : I think I know who wanted it. And who attacked you boys.
Castle : A diamond like that, made in a lab?
Castle : That would put diamond companies out of business.
Ryan : You think it's the diamond industry who sent in the clowns?
Castle : With the future of their industry at stake,
Castle : who knows how far they'd go?
UNK: Hey, guys. Tory got a hit.
Beckett : So CSU was able to pull a usable print?
UNK: Yeah. Lucky for us, the lady wasn't big into washing her car.
UNK: When we ran the print, nothing popped in the federal database.
Esposito : But given the international nature of the diamond industry,
UNK: I asked Tory to cast a wider net. We contacted Interpol.
Ryan : Our mugger's a foreign national?
Tori : South African, to be exact. His name is Leo Wyngaard.
Tori : In and out of half a dozen African prisons.
Esposito : Not to mention he's on the Terror Watch List.
Castle : Just the kind of guy a diamond cartel would hire for their dirty work.
UNK: Mmm-hmm. Now show 'em the picture.
Esposito : Look familiar?
Beckett : That's Matt Lanchet.
Castle : Alice's boyfriend.
RYAN : They almost missed him at JFK.
Ryan : He was boarding a flight to Johannesburg.
UNK: He must've cut his losses once he knew we had secured the diamond.
Esposito : I still don't get why the Warners had a man-made stone in the first place.
Ryan : Whatever the reason, Leo wanted that diamond.
UNK: And he was using Alice to get it.
Esposito : Maybe he leveraged her into helping him.
Esposito : Forced her to pull the money out and order up the plane.
UNK: Then he killed her, made this whole thing look like it was her idea.
Ryan : Sir, considering that this guy tried to kill me and Espo for that diamond,
Ryan : mind if we go in there and get some answers?
UNK: Leo Wyngaard : Wait. You think I'm working for the cartels?
UNK: Leo Wyngaard : That I was using Alice?
UNK: Leo Wyngaard : I loved Alice.
Ryan : You always use fake names with women that you love?
Leo : She knew who I really was. We were in this together.
Esposito : Yeah, sure you were. Why did you steal that diamond?
UNK: Alice and I met in Rwanda when I was doing aid work.
Leo : We were young and in love.
Leo : Then one day, soldiers came to the village,
Leo : financed by the diamond cartel.
Leo : We watched from the jungle as they slaughtered everyone.
UNK: Casualties of a turf war for profit.
Leo : That day changed me.
Leo : I dedicated myself to stopping the cartels' bloody practices.
Leo : It was a life I knew Alice couldn't be a part of.
Leo : But I never stopped loving her.
Ryan : So you're working against the cartels by stealing a man-made diamond?
Leo : Two years ago, stones started popping up in Europe and the Middle East.
UNK: Flawless, being sold for millions.
Leo : That's when a gemologist friend of mine happened across a pair of them.
Leo : He discovered that they were exactly the same.