Hawke : so unfortunately there's no proof either way.
Beckett : We can place you in her office building on 77th Street at the time of her murder.
Beckett : So if you didn't know Alice Clark, what the hell were you doing there?
UNK: My favorite shoe shine guy's in that building.
UNK: Right. On the ninth floor? Right down the hall from her ransacked office?
UNK: Well, can't really make out his face. Hard to say who that guy is.
Hawke : Come on, Detective. What do you really have on me, huh?
Hawke : Do you have a single piece of evidence that I was in her office?
Hawke : Or that I was involved in her death?
Hawke : Prints? DNA?
UNK: Anything?
Hawke : That's what I thought.
Castle : Just like she said. Teflon.
Gates : The only way to nail this man is to figure out who hired him.
Gates : And for that, we need to know what Barrett Hawke was sent to find.
KYLE : I've been through just about everything.
Kyle : Her research notes, her book files, everything's intact.
Kyle : I've rechecked it a couple of times against our index files,
Kyle : and there's only one thing missing.
Esposito : What's that?
Kyle : A client file.
Ryan : Which client?
UNK: Andrew and Monica Spenser.
UNK: Andrew Spenser? The hotel and real estate tycoon?
Esposito : Who would want his file?
Kyle : Actually, I think Andrew Spenser wanted it.
Esposito : Why would he want his own file?
UNK: Because it's not public knowledge yet, but the Spensers are getting a divorce.
UNK: And last week, Mrs. Spenser's attorney subpoenaed Alice
Kyle : to turn all of her session notes over to the court.
UNK: Andrew Spenser's worth billions.
Esposito : If there was any compromising information in those notes,
Esposito : it would cost him boatloads in a settlement.
Ryan : Wait, doesn't state law protect therapist-client privacy?
Kyle : Except Alice wasn't a licensed therapist.
Kyle : She was more of a relationship coach.
UNK: When Mr. Spenser found out the sessions weren't privileged,
Kyle : he hit the roof. He threatened to sue.
Esposito : Well, it looks like he did more than just sue.
UNK: Do you know where we can find him?
UNK: Mr. Spenser will be right with you.
UNK: Okay.
ESPOSITO : I gotta hand it to this Alice chick, bro.
Esposito : Whatever her monkey theory is has her in with the movers and the shakers.
UNK: What she learned from the real gorillas
Ryan : seems to be working with the 800-pound ones in the human world.
Ryan : She was like the dog whisperer for CEOs.
Esposito : You really buy that?
UNK: Oh, you know, skimmed through her book.
Ryan : I think there might be something to her theory.
Ryan : For instance, she said that in every relationship,
Ryan : there needs to be a masculine energy and a feminine energy.
Ryan : Even in ours.
Esposito : Oh. Well, we know which one you are.
Ryan : I don't know about you, but I am very comfortable in my masculinity.
Esposito : You do realize you're wearing a sweater vest, right?
UNK: Andrew Spencer : It better be important. I just hung up on my investment group in Singapore.
UNK: Andrew Spenser, Detective Esposito...
Spencer : I don't give a rat's ass who you are. What do you want?
UNK: SCOFFING
Esposito : Alice Clark, you know her?
Spencer : Yeah, I know her. Why?
Ryan : Well, she had a client file of you and your soon-to-be-ex-wife, Monica.
Ryan : - A file that's currently missing. - Oh, I get it.
Spencer : Did my wife's attorney put you up to this?
Spencer : You know what this is? This is harassment.
UNK: No, Mr. Spenser. This is a murder investigation.
Spencer : A murder investigation? Who's dead?
UNK: Alice.
Spencer : Alice is dead?
UNK: Come on, Spenser, drop the act.
Esposito : We know you hired Barrett Hawke to kill her and take the files.
UNK: We've already linked him to her murder.
Spencer : No. Wait. Wait.
Spencer : That had nothing to do with me.
UNK: Look, I've heard of Hawke, but I've never used his services.
Spencer : Hell, I wouldn't even know how to find the guy.
UNK: And, yes. I wanted my file, but Alice gave it to me.
Spencer : She brought it to me herself. I have witnesses.
Ryan : Why would Alice give it to you?
Spencer : I reminded my wife that those sessions contained plenty of statements
Spencer : that she wouldn't want on the public record either.
Spencer : She agreed, and we both called Alice.
Spencer : Alice understood our need for privacy, so she offered to turn it over
Spencer : in exchange for a favor.
Esposito : Yeah? What kind of favor?
UNK: It's actually strange.
Spencer : She said she needed a room in one of my hotels for a couple days.
UNK: And I had to promise that there'd be no record that she was ever there.
UNK: Alice dropped 50 grand to charter a plane,