Ross : Now, hold on. Hold on.
Ross : Your daughter and I are supposed to leave tonight for our honeymoon.
UNK: Tell her I'll be at that airport, and I hope she will too.
UNK: I said Rachel's name, but it didn't mean anything.
UNK: She's just a friend.
UNK: Tell Emily I love her and...
UNK: ...I can't imagine spending my life with anyone else.
Ross : Please, promise me that you'll tell her that.
UNK: All right, I'll tell her.
UNK: Mr. Waltham : Come on, bugger face!
UNK: Mrs. Waltham : Call me.
UNK: You spend your life in the bathroom. Why do you never go out the window?
UNK: Maybe it's best we never got to do it again.
UNK: Yeah, it kind of makes that one night special.
Chandler : Technically, we still are over international waters.
UNK: I'm going to the bathroom. Maybe I'll see you there?
Joey : Can I ask you something?
UNK: Felicity and I watched My Giant. And I thought :
UNK: "I'll never be as good an actor as that giant."
UNK: Do you think I'm wasting my life with this acting thing?
UNK: The giant's five years younger than me.
UNK: You think I'll ever get there?
Joey : -Thanks, man. -Okay, man.
Joey : But what about how much taller he is than me?
UNK: I mean, there's no way I can make myself taller now.
Joey : Who knows what science will come up with in the future...
UNK: ...but what if I die an unsuccessful, regular-size man?
UNK: You've been in the bathroom for a half-hour.
Chandler : I know!
UNK: Had the beef tips, huh?
Phoebe : You ate meat!
Phoebe : You had sex!
UNK: No, we didn't.
UNK: I know you didn't. I was talking about Monica.
Monica : I did not have sex.
Phoebe : This pregnancy is throwing me all off and making me fat.
UNK: -I'll say hi to the chick and duck. -Me too!
Joey : Why would you need to? You've been feeding them.
Ross : Oh, right. Maybe I'll just go home.
Monica : We certainly are alone.
Chandler : Good thing we have that "not New York" rule.
UNK: Listen, since we're on that subject...
Monica : ...I just wanted to tell you that...
Monica : I was going through a hard time in London...
Monica : ...with my brother getting married and that guy thinking I was Ross' mother.
UNK: Well, anyway, I just...
Monica : That night meant a lot to me. And I'm trying to say thanks.
UNK: You know, that night meant a lot to me too.
UNK: It wasn't because I was in a bad place or anything.
UNK: It just meant a lot because you're really hot.
Chandler : Is that okay?
UNK: That's okay.
UNK: And I'm cute too?
UNK: And you're cute too!
Chandler : Thank you.
Chandler : All right, I gotta go unpack.
UNK: I'm still on London time. Does that count?