UNK: This guy's so stupid.
Joey : It's Count Rushmore!
Chandler : You know, you should really go on this show.
Chandler : Listen, I got three tickets to the Rangers tonight.
UNK: - What do you say? - I say I am there!
UNK: Cool!
UNK: - Is Ross going too? - No. Janice.
UNK: Janice?
UNK: Because I just feel bad for Ross, you know?
Joey : We always go together. We're, like, the Three Hockey-teers, you know?
Chandler : I may be way out on a limb here, but do you have a problem with Janice?
UNK: No!
UNK: Yes...
UNK: Oh, God, how do I say this?
Joey : You know that girl from the Greek restaurant with the hair?
Chandler : That girl that I hate? She drives me crazy.
Joey : Look, I don't hate Janice. She's just a lot to take, you know?
Chandler : - Well, there you go. - Come on, don't look at me like that.
Joey : She used to drive you nuts before too, remember?
Chandler : I'm crazy about her now. I think this could be the real thing.
Chandler : Capital R, capital T!
Chandler : Don't worry, those are the right letters.
Joey : Look, what do you want me to say?
Chandler : - I want you to say that you like her! - I can't.
Chandler : - Like her! - No.
UNK: So you're not even gonna try?
UNK: What's the point? It's like this chemical thing, you know?
Joey : Every time she starts laughing, I just wanna...
UNK: ...pull my arm off just so I have something to throw at her.
Chandler : Thanks for trying.
Chandler : Oh, and by the way, there is no Count Rushmore!
UNK: Yeah? Then who's the guy that painted the faces on the mountain?
Ross : How could you have told her?
UNK: I didn't think it would be that big a deal!
Ross : She didn't think it would be that big a deal!
Rachel : Who are you talking to when you do that?
Ross : Look, that was supposed to be a private, personal thing between us.
Rachel : Phoebe is my girlfriend, okay? We tell each other everything.
Rachel : I mean, come on! Guys do the same thing.
UNK: What about all that locker-room stuff?
Ross : That's different. That's like, who dated a stripper?
Ross : Or who did it on the back of the Staten Island ferry?
Rachel : - Both of those Joey? - Yeah.
UNK: But you don't talk about your girlfriend...
Ross : ...and the intimate stuff you do with her.
Rachel : - Not even with your best friend? - No.
Rachel : That is so sad.
UNK: You're missing out on so much. I mean, the bonding and the sharing...
Rachel : ...and knowing that someone else is going through the same thing you are.
UNK: So, what, you tell each other everything?
Rachel : Pretty much.
Ross : Did you talk about the night of five times?
Ross : Do you tell people about the night of five times?
UNK: Honey, that was with Carol.
Ross : I know, but it's still worth mentioning, I think.
Phoebe : Relax every muscle in your body.
Phoebe : Listen to the plinky-plunky music.
UNK: Okay, now close your eyes...
Phoebe : ...and think of a happy place.
Phoebe : Tell me your happy place.