Claudia : You really think we should do this?
UNK: Yes.
House : Sorry. Your patient, you tell them.
Wilson : This is your family. It needs to be your decision.
House : All you had to do was say, "Yes, I do."
UNK: God knows it's a phrase that you've used often enough in your life.
Wilson : It was a mistake every time. Give it a break. They said yes.
House : That's not enough for you. You need them to feel good about saying yes.
Wilson : I treat patients for months, maybe years, not weeks, like you.
House : I'm taller.
Wilson : If they don't trust me, I can't do my job.
House : The only value of that trust is that you can manipulate them.
Wilson : You should write greeting cards.
UNK: Giving the parents a chance to make a bad choice was a bad choice.
UNK: At least it would have been their choice.
House : One they'd regret at their son's funeral.
Chase : Kitchen and bathrooms were immaculate. Whatever the kid's got, he didn't get here.
UNK: No, whatever the kid got, he didn't get from the kitchen or the bathroom.
Foreman : Nobody cleans swing sets.
UNK: Yeah, because their kid's 10 and hasn't used it since he was six.
Foreman : You obviously think your time could be better spent. Why'd you come along?
UNK: You feel bad about what happened last week.
Foreman : I'm handling it.
UNK: Think the family's gonna sue?
Foreman : She only had her grandparents, and they weren't close.
Chase : Well, that's good. For you, I mean.
Chase : A lawsuit makes it even harder to put behind you.
Foreman : You put yours behind you?
UNK: Nope.
UNK: When I woke up this morning I...
Foreman : I couldn't remember what she was wearing when I admitted her.
Chase : Memories fade.
Foremman : I killed her a week ago and I can't remember what color top she was wearing.
Chase : I was grateful when I could wake up not thinking about her.
Foreman : I'm not like you.
Foreman : Your patient died because you were distracted over the death of your dad.
Foreman : I made a calculated decision.
Foreman : You acted like a human being. I acted like House.
Chase : No pulmonary symptoms, setting well, breathing easily.
Matty : Mom, I'm freezing.
UNK: How long do I have to wait?
Foreman : Matty, we found an old water pump in your backyard.
Foreman : You ever drink from it?
Matty : Yeah it was gross.
Foreman : We gotta test for Mycobacteria, leptospirosis.
Chase : When did you drink the water?
Matty : Last summer?
Foreman : You sure? You haven't even taken a sip to cool off?
Matty : It was really gross.
Matty : My shoulder's bugging me. Does that matter?