Wilson : It's either that, or we start randomly testing Matty for infections.
UNK: I know how you hate the word "random."
House : Do it alphabetically. We're not doing that damn transplant.
House : Where's Foreman?
UNK: We've found a donor.
Foreman : It's not an ideal match, but four out of six still gives Nick a chance.
Wilson : A partial match transplant is extremely dangerous.
UNK: Doctor Foreman explained...
House : Did he also explain what sort of pain your son will experience
House : if he gets Graft-Versus-Host Disease?
UNK: Yes.
UNK: Apparently, he didn't explain it vividly enough.
House : Let me give it a whack...
Claudia : He also explained that if we did nothing, Nick could start bleeding into his brain.
Wilson : Matty is a perfect match. Just give us a little more time to figure out...
Claudia : How much time?
UNK: Doctor House is the best diagnostician...
Claudia : How much time?
Wilson : I don't know.
Scott : And Nick can start bleeding into his brain without any warning?
Wilson : Yes, but the chances of complications from a mismatch are...
Scott : My boys have suffered enough.
Scott : Get Matty better,
Scott : and give Nick the transplant from the new donor.
Wilson : Foreman screwed us.
House : No, you screwed us.
House : What is the point in being able to control people
House : if you won't actually do it?
UNK: It's like training a dog and letting him go on your rug, which, by the way...
Wilson : Once Foreman got his mitts on them, well, there was no way...
House : You don't explain chances and probabilities, you lie to them.
House : You tell them Foreman's a moron, which isn't even much of a lie right now.
UNK: You've got to talk to him.
UNK: I've got no problem with what Foreman did.
Wilson : He undercut us, and he may have cost that kid his life.
UNK: Foreman did what he thought was right. You, on the other hand, sucked out.
House : When the decision really mattered,
House : you didn't have the guts to tell them what to do.
UNK: If that kid dies, it's because Foreman was wrong,
House : and because you're a coward.
House : Oh, goodness, I've left my door open.
UNK: My poor dog must have run away and been hit by a car or a truck or a train.
House : Or an anvil.
UNK: HECTOR PANTING
House : Thank God, you're still here.
House : He's still here!
House : Where's my stereo?
UNK: HECTOR YELPS
UNK: How are you feeling?
Matty : A little itchy.
Matty : It's weird, huh?
Matty : You still have no idea what's wrong with me,
UNK: but those meds will make me better.
Cameron : We put you on a variety of medications that will fight all kinds of infections.
Matty : Nick, you know exactly what's wrong with him,
UNK: but maybe he's gonna die, anyway.
UNK: Hopefully, the new marrow will...
Matty : I can't go in there, can I?
Cameron : Your infection would kill him.
Matty : So, I won't be able to be with him when he dies?
Cameron : You'll be able to be with him when he gets better.
Wilson : What's wrong?
Matty : It really itches.
UNK: Hello?