UNK: GROWLS
House : Go on.
UNK: BARKING
CHASE : He sneezed. Maybe it's just an allergy.
House : Not with an enlarged spleen and a fever.
WILSON : He's got one of 10,000 possible infections,
Wilson : even if it's just the common cold, I do the transplant, he kills his brother.
Chase : How long do we have?
Wilson : Radiation obliterated his immune system.
Wilson : Even in a clean room, he's got four, maybe five, days left.
Cameron : No way we can solve this that fast. You need to find another donor.
UNK: They're African American.
Wilson : It makes it nearly impossible to find a full match.
House : Tell me about it. I can't even find the one I've got working for me.
House : Where is Foreman?
House : Nothing like a dead patient to send you back to your choir boy roots.
House : Hey, you're not gonna believe what happened.
House : Wilson just killed a kid same way you did.
Wilson : He's not dead.
House : Five days are gonna fly by. He didn't look both ways before he nuked.
House : You done talking to your imaginary friend?
House : Because I thought, maybe, you could do your job and just...
Foreman : Start the donor brother on broad-spectrum antibiotics.
House : Great idea, if you're looking to save exactly one kid.
House : Broad-spec will take at least a week to work. We need narrow-spec.
House : How old is Hector?
Cameron : Our patient's name is Matty. His brother's Nick.
Wilson : Hector's my dog. He's about 17?
House : Seventeen? That's, like, a 119 in human years. Why is he still alive?
UNK: Five days minus 20 seconds talking about Wilson's dog.
Foreman : We need to start testing. Stool samples for parasites, antibody tests...
Chase : Blood panel was negative for all the usual suspects.
UNK: That's because the infection is too small.
House : We start testing now, it's like looking for a needle in a haystack.
House : We draw blood odds are we're just gonna come up with hay.
Foreman : We need to grow more needles.
House : Okay, that probably needs further explanation.
House : We make the donor kid sicker.
House : We freeze him, we soak him, break down his immune system.
House : Suddenly we're looking at some needle that a camel can pass through the eye of.
Chase : Making him sicker risks spreading the infection all throughout his body.
House : True, but who cares?
House : Once we know what the infection is, we'll know exactly how to treat it.
House : As long as he isn't dead yet, we're cool.
Foreman : We should do what we normally do.
Foreman : Go to the kid's house, check for sources of the infection.
House : Waste of time.
House : You think it's in the house. I know it's in the patient.
Foreman : Safer than intentionally making the kid sicker.
House : Fine, go.
UNK: So exactly how sick are you gonna make Matty?
Wilson : He could get quite ill.
UNK: It certainly won't be a pleasant experience for anyone, but it's our only...
House : Ever get caught in the rain without an umbrella?
House : That's all we're talking about here. Sign the form.
Wilson : It's a little more complicated than that. We'll also be doing leukopheresis.
Wilson : We run Matty's blood through a machine that filters out his white blood cells.
Claudia : But without his white cells, how could he get better in time?
Wilson : We'll pump the white blood cells back as soon as we have a diagnosis.
Wilson : Then we should be able to cure the infection in time to do the transplant.
Scott : But you can't guarantee?
House : We're not GM. No recalls, no rebates.
UNK: Anymore questions while your son's life slips away?