Chase : It could. Did you do anything to hurt it?
Matty : Just threw the ball around the other day, for a couple hours.
Foreman : It's probably just a muscle ache. Let us know if it gets worse.
Matty : So soreness and stuff, that's not 'cause I'm sick?
UNK: Is something else bugging you?
Matty : Sort of.
Foreman : He has acute scrotum. Adorable.
House : Please, I thought you were dignified.
House : Come on, how am I not supposed to make that joke?
House : Best thing about big, honking gonads, well, one of the best things,
UNK: is that there's only a few infections that could cause it.
UNK: Blood tests for enteroviruses and adenoviruses.
UNK: Hopefully, the needles have grown as fast as his sack, and we can find it.
Foreman : Can Chase and Cameron cover that?
House : Mind if I ask why?
Foreman : I want to recheck the National Marrow registry for an alternate donor.
House : In case we're wrong?
Foreman : It's been known to happen.
House : Fine, go.
Chase : He deserves a break.
Cameron : Yeah, House is all about giving breaks to people in need.
Chase : And it's Tuesday.
Chase : It's got nothing to do with Foreman or House. It's just...
Chase : It's the day I remind you I like you, and I want us to be together.
Cameron : Thank you, I'd forgotten.
Cameron : You're really gonna do this every Tuesday?
Chase : You take the day off, I'll pick it up on Wednesday.
Chase : What if we're looking for the wrong thing?
Cameron : These are the only infections that cause swollen testicles.
Cameron : Why don't you just say it four times now and leave me alone for a month?
UNK: Well, what if it's not an infection?
Cameron : His temperature's through the roof. There's mucous pouring out of him.
Chase : I know he has an infection, but what if it didn't directly cause the scrotum issue?
Chase : What if it just caused the thing that caused the scrotum issue?
Chase : CK-MB is elevated.
UNK: Slightly. There's nothing wrong with...
Chase : Indicates cardiac injury.
Chase : We stuck him in that room, put his stupid, little runny-nose infection into hyperdrive.
Chase : What if it went to his heart?
CHASE : Pulmonary valve looks clean.
UNK: Wait. Stop. Mitral valve, there's a growth.
Cameron : He'll need a month of antibiotics to clear that.
Cameron : His brother only has four days to live.
Cameron : The infection in Matty's mitral valve rules him out as a donor.
House : This is perfect.
Cameron : We drove the infection into his heart.
House : Okay, perfect is too strong of a word, but it's very, very good.
House : Now we know where the infection is.
UNK: All we've got to do is remove the valve, ID the infection, target and destroy it.
House : Remove the valve?
Foreman : He'll be fine on antibiotics. He doesn't need open-heart surgery.
House : He'll be heartbroken, on account of his dead brother.
Chase : Either way he's got a dead brother. The infection isn't just in the valve.
Chase : Even with targeted medication,
Chase : there's no way we can clear his system in time.
House : We don't have to. We have to clear his marrow.
House : After the surgery, we harvest the marrow,
House : marinate it in the targeted antibiotic, simmer and serve.
Wilson : Could work. It's insane.
Wilson : It is better than a dead brother.
Foreman : I'm running this by Cuddy.
House : Fine. Go. In fact, let's all go.