House : If we can't see it, we don't know what it is.
House : If we don't know what it is, we can't kill it.
UNK: So we got to wait for it to grow back again.
UNK: Now, the soil is arid.
UNK: So with he and his brother we'll be dead by the time...
House : What if the dandelion was in fertile soil?
House : What if we take the roots from Matty, and put them in Nick?
House : Turn the kid into a petri dish, only better.
House : A petri dish can't tell you when it hurts.
Chase : You want to give him his brother's infection?
Chase : The very thing we've been trying to avoid since the brother sneezed?
House : Leukemia kid's got no defenses.
Cameron : Which is why he'll die.
House : But before he does, the infection will spread fast.
House : Fast enough to tell us what it is, in time to save his brother.
Wilson : Do you see any other way?
WILSON : The infection is decimating Matty's bone marrow.
Wilson : But if we give that marrow to Nick, his symptoms could let us diagnose Matty.
Claudia : But, it'll kill Nick. Yes.
UNK: You're...
Scott : You're saying we should kill one son to save the other?
House : Nick is gonna die either way.
Scott : You don't know that. I mean, he's in pain right now, but...
UNK: Nick's Graft-Versus-Host is not responding to medication.
UNK: That can change.
UNK: Maybe he... He'll rally.
Scott : Hey, my Nick is a fighter.
UNK: Graft-Versus-Host isn't gonna go away
House : because of Nick's sunny smile and positive outlook.
Claudia : Nick has survived three reoccurrences of his leukemia.
House : He's being torn apart from the inside out.
House : His pain's gonna get worse and worse, until he dies.
House : You're just dragging it out.
House : You have only one decision to make.
UNK: You can leave here with one dead son, or two.
House : Tell them.
Wilson : You should let us do this.
UNK: No!
Scott : We're not giving up on Nick.
UNK: Not!
UNK: The patient's parents apparently don't want to be parents anymore.
House : You're a sneaky bastard. Any ideas how we get around this?
Chase : Court order? It's hardly sneaky.
Foreman : We can still save Matty.
Foreman : Run more tests, find out what infection is destroying his marrow.
UNK: Ten-thousand possible infections at least 20 minutes per test
UNK: it'll take you approximately eight years.
Foreman : Actually, four months, assuming the last one I test is the right one,
UNK: and, if it's the first, it will take me approximately 20 minutes.
Wilson : He's right. It's worth a shot.
House : He's timid. Testing blindly is not gonna save this kid.
Foreman : But standing around here will.
UNK: NICK GROANING
House : Wow, he sure is hurting.
UNK: The nurses say he maxed out on his pain meds.
House : If I had a nickel for every time I heard that...
UNK: Pharmacy's on the ground floor.
Scott : I'm gonna go get you some more pain medication, okay?
Cameron : Thank you.
House : It's not gonna help.
House : You're dying.
House : Nothing's gonna change that. These drugs will just make you go easier.