UNK: PHONE RINGING
UNK: Yeah? I didn't do the surgery.
House : You woke me up to tell me that you're lazy?
Wilson : We biopsied a piece before we started cutting.
House : I'm tired. Get to the point.
Wilson : We didn't replace the valve
Wilson : because the growth was fibrous tissue. It wasn't infectious.
House : Oh, God. What?
House : I think Hector's committed suicide.
Wilson : What are you talking about?
House : He took some pills.
Wilson : Is he alive?
House : He ate half my stash.
House : Of course he's...
UNK: GRUNTS
House : He's stoned. I'll be right in.
UNK: We cut all the way into this kid's heart,
House : and all we got was this lousy, non-infectious fibrous tissue.
Wilson : How did we miss this?
Cameron : Matty had a fever. He got sicker when we suppressed his immune system.
UNK: That all points to infection.
House : Yeah, yeah, yeah. Not our fault. Fibrous tissue.
House : Something is turning his healthy heart valve into gristle.
Wilson : Fibrous tissue, enlarged spleen, fever... Could mean autoimmune.
Wilson : Autoimmune diseases aren't passed along in bone marrow.
Wilson : He can still donate. We confirm, I do the surgery.
House : Lupus and Behçet's are our best bet. Do an ANA and pathergy test.
Foreman : Or it could be infection.
House : My memory's not what it used to be,
House : but didn't we just rule that out eight seconds ago?
Foreman : Just because it's not what screwed up his valve,
UNK: it doesn't mean it's not in his system.
UNK: Uh-huh, and has the obvious advantage of making us right all along.
House : Little disadvantage of making big brother dead.
Foreman : That's your argument? A better outcome?
House : It fits.
Foreman : The family has one kid with leukemia and one with autoimmune.
UNK: I wouldn't stand next to them in a rain storm.
Foreman : That's your argument? It sucks for them?
Foreman : It fits, and we can still help big brother.
Foreman : National Marrow Registry came up with four out of six donors.
House : Six out of six is two better than four out of six, right?
House : I mean, I know two is so small,
House : but since it means that he's gonna get Graft-Versus-Host Disease,
House : the marrow will attack his body, and he'll die a painful death.
House : Find out what autoimmune it is.
Scott : Is this autoimmune better or worse than the new heart valve?
Cameron : It depends on which autoimmune it is. With early detection, most are manageable.
UNK: How long will testing take?
Cameron : That's the other good thing about this.
Cameron : There's literally thousands of possible infections,
Cameron : but only a handful of autoimmune conditions.
Cameron : We'll have the answer in a few hours.
NICK : Hey, Doctor?
Nick : Is this bad?
House : Wanna catch a movie?
Wilson : It's one in the morning.
House : I know a place.
House : Although, I wouldn't recommend wearing those shoes.
Wilson : How exactly does a dog unscrew a bottle of pills?
House : Is that a riddle?
Wilson : It requires an opposable thumb.
House : I must have left it off.
Wilson : On the floor?
House : I think he hopped up onto the bathroom counter.
Wilson : He has arthritis.
Wilson : Not me this time.
House : No! It's your damn dog.
House : He chews everything. I was missing a file. Found paper in his stool.
House : An original Sun Record 78 Elvis recording, gone.
House : Who the hell chews vinyl? He's vindictive.
House : He's had a good, long life. It's his time.
Cameron : Are you okay?
House : I just tripped over Wilson's self-righteousness.
House : What do you got?
Chase : Matty's negative for everything. It's not autoimmune.
Chase : So, we're back to infection.
Cameron : Nick's starting to deteriorate fast. He's got bruising all over his arms.
UNK: His capillaries are leaking blood.
Chase : If it happens in his brain, he's dead.
Cameron : We've got to go with the four-out-of-six donor.
House : Did I mention my concerns about four being less than six?
House : Wilson's first wife ignored a similar issue.
House : Of course, that time, it was only fatal to their marriage.