Foreman : Sorry, I need a lot more.
UNK: No, stop! Stop!
House : How much heat are you taking from the parents?
Wilson : They're calming down.
Wilson : I think it has something to do with both their kids being alive, awake, and eating.
Wilson : The marrow transplant took.
House : Welcome back, Foreman.
Wilson : You should talk to him.
House : Tell him how proud I am?
Wilson : Hey, if you're ashamed of him, tell him that.
House : Pride and shame only apply to people we have a vested interest in, not employees.
Wilson : How many hours a day do you have to spend with someone
Wilson : before they're basically family?
House : Good point.
UNK: But, first, I've got to tell Cameron and Chase that they're violating God's will.
Wilson : I'm just asking you to have an adult conversation to let him know...
UNK: That he did a good job? He knows it.
House : Adults don't need adult conversations, just like I don't need this conversation.
Wilson : Have you killed Hector yet?
House : Obviously not.
Wilson : Oh. He's quiet. He's...
Wilson : Is that my stethoscope?
House : Bad dog.
UNK: Listen...
UNK: Bonnie joined her homeowner's association and staged a coup.
Wilson : Pets are now allowed.
UNK: Oh.
Wilson : If you want to keep him,
Wilson : she wants a new puppy anyway. She'll understand.
House : Why would I want to keep him?
Wilson : You're sure?
Wilson : Come on, boy.
House : Accidents happen.
UNK: Candy?
House : Good boy.
House : Good boy.
House : You did good.
Foreman : I did what you would have.
House : Well, maybe I'm biased, but...
Foreman : I tortured the kid.
House : Because you knew it was right.
House : You knew you were saving his brother.
Matty : I know.
Foreman : I don't like that I know.
Foreman : I hate that I can listen to a kid screaming in pain
Foreman : and not even take a moment to question whether I'm doing the right thing.
Foreman : I hate that in order to be like you, as a doctor,
Foreman : I have to be like you as a human being.
Foreman : I don't want to turn into you.
House : You're not.
House : You've been like me since you were eight-years-old.
Foreman : You'll save more people than I will.
Foreman : But I'll settle for killing less.
Foreman : Consider this my two weeks notice.