House : Breaks down, clears up the mess.
House : Surprise was, it turned out to be you again.
House : You weren't even registered as a competitor.
UNK: You miss me. You miss me.
Cameron : You hired Thirteen to replace...
House : Yeah, all pretty girls are fungible.
House : You're avoiding.
Cameron : I miss the job. I miss running around playing private investigator.
Cameron : I miss the puzzles.
House : Seriously, I'll fire Thirteen.
House : Or Kutner, if you think Thirteen is hot.
Cameron : I don't miss you.
Evan : That iodine left a really weird aftertaste.
UNK: That's the tracer in it. We'll have the images in a couple minutes.
Taub : You must do okay with women, huh?
Kutner : I already asked him that.
UNK: And?
Evan : It's not all it's cracked up to be.
Kutner : He feels unfulfilled.
Taub : I doubt it.
Evan : I'm lying?
Taub : I used to be a plastic surgeon.
Taub : I'd talk about my work as shallow and meaningless.
Taub : Truth is, I loved every boob job, every tummy tuck.
Taub : Meaning doesn't mean that much.
Evan : But you're not a plastic surgeon anymore.
Taub : It's complicated.
Evan : Are you happier?
Taub : It's complicated.
Kutner : His thyroid looks normal.
Evan : So, that's good news, right?
Kutner : Everything look too bright to you?
Taub : It could be the monitor.
Kutner : It's not the monitor. It's the iodine.
Kutner : It's everywhere. His body's not filtering it.
Taub : His kidneys are failing.
House : I told you to nuke his thyroid.
Foreman : It's a good thing we didn't. Kidney failure means it wasn't Graves'.
House : So, your test screwed me and our patient's kidneys.
House : You practically poisoned him with iodine.
Foreman : Which he could have handled easily if his kidneys were healthy.
Foreman : All we did was reveal a new symptom. Usually you're all for that.
UNK: It must be the rancid tinge of betrayal that's put me off.
Foreman : You were wrong.
House : So, tell me to my face.
UNK: You've never hesitated before. The board's turning you into a coward.
Foreman : I did it because it was the right thing to do.
House : You did it to pass an inspection.
Taub : Does it matter?
Taub : Kidney failure on top of the other symptoms points to an autoimmune condition,
Taub : which means that any of his other organs could be next.
Taub : We've already started dialysis. We need to run ANA's for autoimmune.
House : You're right. You and the team go measure the ceilings.
Evan : Excuse me?
Cuddy : Accreditation Board guidelines state that
House : no object can be less than 18 inches from the ceiling.
House : Make sure we're in compliance.
Foreman : There's nothing in our office that would be less...
House : I don't mean us. I mean the whole hospital.
Amber : Let's see how this baby handles.
UNK: What?
Amber : You bought the firm mattress.
Wilson : I thought that's the one you wanted.
Director : It was.
Amber : Why would you do that?
UNK: Because...
Wilson : Is this a trick question?
Amber : I left it up to you.
Amber : You were supposed to get the one you wanted.
Wilson : I got the one you wanted because I love you.
UNK: No.
Amber : You did it because that's what you do.
Amber : With all your ex-wives, you did whatever they wanted
Amber : because it was easier, and you ended up resenting them.
Amber : Don't you dare do that to me.
Wilson : What, take care of you?
Amber : Have you met me?
Amber : I can take care of me.
Amber : I need you to take care of you.
Amber : I have work to do.
UNK: You made it to page eight.
UNK: "Mysterious Hospital Visit for Soap Doc. "
Evan : Wow, I'll be sure to send my mom a copy.
Evan : They told me I have an autoimmune disease,
Evan : like Lupus or Sarcoidosis.
House : That's what we're here to find out.
Evan : You really as good as everyone seems to think you are?
House : Are you really as miserable as everyone seems to think you are?
Evan : I just want to do something that matters.
House : Nothing matters.
House : We're all just cockroaches, wildebeests dying on the riverbank.
House : Nothing we do has any lasting meaning.
Evan : And you think I'm miserable?
House : If you're unhappy on the plane, jump out of it.
Evan : I want to,
Evan : but I can't.
House : That's the problem with metaphors. They need interpretation.
UNK: Jumping out of the plane is stupid.
UNK: But what if I'm not in a plane?
Evan : What if I'm just in a place I don't want to be?
House : That's the other problem with metaphors.
House : Yes, what if you're actually in an ice cream truck,
House : and outside are candy and flowers and virgins?
House : You're on a plane. We're all on planes.
House : Life is dangerous and complicated, and it's a long way down.
UNK: So, you're afraid to change?