House : It is stupid.
House : Live the dream, Wilson.
House : It's not an infection. It's an allergy.
House : That's why it's not responding to antibiotics.
Foreman : This isn't a soap opera, House.
Foreman : People don't just wake up from comas the second you give them drugs.
House : Especially if we give them the wrong drugs. What do the tests say?
Foreman : It was negative for fungus and parasites, but that doesn't mean...
House : The more infections we rule out, the more likely it is that it's not an infection.
Foreman : He has no history of allergies or asthma. Most importantly,
Foreman : none of his symptoms remotely resemble an allergic reaction.
House : Allergens could trigger an allergic vasculitis.
House : That would explain the symptoms.
Foreman : One in a million times.
Foreman : Septic infection always explains his symptoms.
House : But an infection is never resistant to every antibiotic.
UNK: No, an infection is rarely resistant.
House : And allergy never responds to antibiotics. "Never" beats "rarely. " QED, I win.
House : There were chrysanthemums in his dressing room.
Foreman : My God, why didn't you say he'd been exposed to plant life?
House : Chrysanthemums contain pyrethrin. It's a neurotoxin and a known allergen.
Foreman : He has an infection. If we give him steroids, we'll kill him.
House : He has an allergy. If we don't give him steroids, we'll kill him.
Foreman : Not as fast.
House : Fast enough.
UNK: You don't have time for the rest of the tests. We have to do something.
House : And what we're doing right now isn't working.
UNK: Hundred milligrams methylprednisolone.
Pharmacist : Patients' names?
House : It's one patient.
UNK: You want to give one patient 100 milligrams? That'll jump-start a car.
UNK: Perfect, my patient's a '69 Ford Coma.
Pharmacist : Anything over 50 milligrams, I need a sign-off from Dr. Cuddy.
Pharmacist : It's protocol, and the inspector's here.
House : I am 99% certain that she'll consent.
UNK: But for the sake of the 1%, why don't I just...
Pharmacist : You're not allowed back here.
House : Well, tell the inspector he can put it on my tab.
UNK: House continues : I didn't mean now.
Cuddy : 100 milligrams of methylprednisolone is an overdose.
House : We were wrong about the infection.
House : He's suffering from a severe allergic reaction.
Cuddy : The team hasn't finished the test for allergy.
Cuddy : His symptoms don't...
House : In rare cases...
House : Trust me, at the end of this conversation, I'm right.
Cuddy : Then confirm it. Get a blood test.
House : What is it about this severe and deepening coma