Evan : You come near me again, I'm calling the police.
Foreman : You kidnapped him?
House : It's sweet that I haven't lost the ability to surprise you.
House : Are you mocking me?
Wilson : My back. My back is killing me.
House : Don't care. Busy.
Wilson : Amber's damn mattress.
House : Well, that sucks. Don't buy a new one.
Wilson : Are you being sarcastic? Because we are buying one.
House : She's incapable of doing anything that matters
House : without turning it into a zero-sum game.
Wilson : We're buying a mattress. For us.
House : Wow, I'm faster than you right now.
House : It's all about her and whatever hapless salesman wanders into her sights.
UNK: She's going to lie, steal and trade your testes to get whatever she wants.
UNK: Hold on. Just got to do something before he dials the second "one. "
House : You're going to end up humiliated, holding her purse
House : and going home to sleep on a new mattress you hate.
Wilson : What the hell are you doing?
UNK: He needs a MRI.
UNK: Give me one-millimeter slices from the cortex down.
Thirteen : Any particular reason you decided to sedate a patient
Thirteen : for a procedure that's completely painless?
House : Guy has a history of violent outbursts during surgical procedures.
Taub : Yeah, on TV.
Taub : It's Evan Greer. He's the main stud on House's soap.
Taub : Frontal cortex looks clean. No tumors.
House : Increase the magnification on the occipital lobe.
House : You watch because you like or because I like?
Taub : I was unemployed. I...
House : Sorry, that's not an answer, that's an apology.
House : If we are ever to come out of the darkness, we have to be proud...
Thirteen : Occipital, frontal and temporal lobes are clean, so is the optic nerve.
Thirteen : Definitely no tumors.
House : He's fine?
Thirteen : And awake.
Taub : What should we tell him?
House : See if you can talk him out of suing me.
Evan : He kidnapped me! He drugged me!
Taub : Perhaps you should go out the back way.
Evan : I'm not going anywhere you people tell me to go.
Taub : It's just someone of your fame... I figured fans...
Evan : You're trying to hide me. You don't want me making a scene.
UNK: The hospital is being inspected today.
UNK: And you want me to do you a favor?
Thirteen : Not us, our dean of medicine. And House hates her.
Thirteen : You'd be doing House a favor by complaining.
UNK: Oh.
Evan : This hospital is staffed with lunatics and criminals.
UNK: Excuse me, where is Dr. Cuddy?
Marie : You okay?
Evan : It's my foot. What did he do to me?
Cuddy : What did House do?
Thirteen : Nothing. I was with him the whole time.
Evan : It's numb. I can't feel it.
Evan : I can't walk.
Thirteen : Foot numbness has a huge differential.
UNK: That gets a lot narrower when you add in peripheral-vision problems.
Foreman : Which gets a lot wider when there's no proof he ever had a vision problem.
Kutner : So House was wrong about the first symptom,
Kutner : but the guy just happened to develop
Kutner : a second, unrelated symptom a few hours later?
Taub : He already kidnapped and sedated the guy against his will.
Taub : Makes sense he'd also do something to numb his foot so he couldn't leave.
House : But it doesn't make sense to include a symptom that he caused
House : in a differential he's so desperate to solve.
Cameron : Unless he didn't mean to cause it.
House : Stick to the filing, sweetheart. Let the doctors do the doctoring.
UNK: Either toxins or vitamin deficiency...
Cameron : I'm guessing, when you drugged him,
Cameron : you didn't catch him and ease him to the floor.
UNK: He could've pinched a nerve in his ankle when he fell.
Cameron : You need to run an EMG test for motor nerve entrapment
Cameron : or the inspector will own your ass.
UNK: Kutner, leave the room, wait 30 minutes,
House : come back and tell her the test was negative.
Kutner : Is it okay if I use that time to do the test?