House : Get out of here.
UNK: And the rest of them can help me with all this stuff.
House : They're busy, which is really annoying,
House : because I wanted to be able to say that they're busy
House : for no other reason than to screw with you.
UNK: Research.
UNK: So the nut job was right?
Kutner : Usually is.
Evan : He said I was dying.
Kutner : He's wrong a lot, too. That's why we do these tests.
Kutner : Bet it's cool, you know, being the star of a hit TV show?
Evan : It's a daytime soap. It pretty much puts me one step above dinner theater.
Kutner : Come on, you're on TV every day.
Kutner : And who cares what the critics think? Women love soaps.
Evan : You get to take pride in your job, feel good when you go home at night.
Kutner : You're entertaining people.
House : I don't care.
Kutner : Then you've made a strange career choice.
Evan : Look, I'm pandering.
UNK: I want to be part of something that inspires people.
Kutner : So, quit. Find something inspiring and do it.
Evan : It's not that easy.
Kutner : Why not?
Evan : Just isn't.
Marie : It's my heart, Doctor. It's racing.
Brock : I'm sure it's nothing. You're a healthy woman, Marie.
Marie : Shouldn't you examine me?
Brock : Why don't you have Rico do it?
House : You can't tell me you didn't notice that pause.
UNK: Sorry.
Marie : She's never waking up.
House : This is a whole new experience in super hi-def.
House : I had no idea Marie wore an underwire.
UNK: It does sound a little forced.
Taub : Could be stiffening in his tongue, which is a symptom of myxedema.
UNK: It's not the tongue. It's the dialogue. I think I dated that nurse, though.
UNK: No.
Foreman : What about the way he's holding that stethoscope?
UNK: The thumb and forefinger are meeting at an odd angle.
UNK: Could be a demyelination from toxic exposure.
Taub : Back it up.
Cuddy : What's this, the AV Club?
Foreman : It's diagnostic. Everything's under control.
Cuddy : Yeah, excellent job so far. House, outside.
House : Keep watching.
House : You'll never guess what Rico's got in that box.
Marie : Rico doesn't even know I'm alive.
Cuddy : You have an obsession with an actor or the character he plays. I feel for you.
Cuddy : You need to work it out. But I need you to do it
Cuddy : when the hospital's accreditation, and my job, are not on the line.
House : You want the star of the hottest daytime drama on TV to die in your hospital?
Cuddy : No, I want you to cure him without committing any more felonies.
House : I can't do my job if you're going to tie my hands like that.
Cuddy : Fifty-one weeks out of the year,
Cuddy : I let you run around like a monkey in a banana factory.
UNK: All I'm just asking is that you tone it down for a few days.
House : I want that TV.
Cuddy : We're not bargaining.
House : You want something. Either you're bargaining or you're begging.
Cuddy : Me keeping my job is good for you.
House : Yes, but it's better for you.
House : I just want us to be equally happy.
Kutner : EMG was negative for nerve entrapment. Means the foot's a real symptom.
UNK: It could be vitamin deficiency.
House : Or a toxin.
Kutner : Or atherosclerosis.
House : Or a toxin.
Cuddy : Why is toxin a better idea?
House : Might not be. We'll know after I'm finished searching his set and dressing room
House : for medically relevant stuff.
UNK: Got to go. Need a decision.
Cuddy : You're not going to cut your own throat.
House : Yeah, that sounds like me.
House : Test for heavy metals, organics, bio toxins, and search the home.
UNK: I liked the pillow-top.
Amber : I like this one.
Salesman : Great taste. That model's top-of-the-line.