Wilson : How much is it?
Salesman : $1,999. It's a great price.
Wilson : And what about...
Amber : That's too rich for us.
Wilson : I don't know. You think...
Amber : Honey, we can't afford that, not with a baby on the way.
Salesman : Congratulations. Your first?
UNK: Yes.
UNK: How about I knock 100 bucks off, maybe throw in free delivery.
UNK: Money's really tight right now.
Amber : I'm a law clerk, and my husband just got laid off.
Amber : He has an interview today. Wish him luck.
Salesman : Good luck.
Wilson : Fingers crossed.
Amber : We might be able to afford $1,500.
Salesman : I'd have to check with my manager.
Amber : Thanks. I appreciate it.
Amber : Hold this, would you?
UNK: 911 from work. I better go.
Wilson : So, am I getting the hard mattress or do I have to go to my job interview?
Amber : Whatever mattress you want. I'm fine either way.
Wilson : You... Really?
Amber : Really. Just as long as I get to help you break it in.
House : Pack your manhood on ice, maybe the hospital can re-attach it.
Wilson : You were so wrong. She's letting me choose.
House : "You choose" does not mean you choose.
UNK: Really? It sounded like "You choose. "
Wilson : I suppose it's possible she meant "House is so, so wrong. "
House : It's a trap. It means, "If you love me, you'll buy the one I want. "
Wilson : Amber doesn't do passive-aggressive.
House : People who do aggressive don't like to limit themselves.
House : Could a leaky space heater cause vision problems and numbness?
UNK: He'd have gotten better at the hospital. It's not a trap.
House : Did I hear a question mark at the end of that sentence?
Wilson : House, look. She's...
UNK: Got to go.
Salesman : Manager says I can do that price.
Marie : The gin bottles are all gifts from fans.
UNK: Brock Sterling drinks on the show, but Evan doesn't drink at all.
Marie : He's on this whole health kick right now. Fruits, nuts...
Marie : Did you take those from his dressing room?
UNK: No.
Cuddy : You're not going to marry Brock, are you?
House : We've been waiting four years for him to make it official with Anna.