Cameron : Protocol says we should do an iodine uptake test.
UNK: We?
House : Anyone else want to run a useless test
House : while Brock's thyroid plots its next lethal move?
House : It was rhetorical.
Thirteen : You were sure about B6 toxicity, too.
Foreman : House is right.
House : Seriously? I mean, I am, but you think so?
Foreman : If he goes into full-on thyroid storm, he'll die.
UNK: We got to nuke his thyroid.
Foreman : Hang up the phone.
UNK: Why? If we're going to nuke his thyroid...
Foreman : We're not nuking the guy's thyroid without proof that it's Graves'.
Foreman : Do the iodine uptake test.
Kutner : If House finds out... When House finds out...
Foreman : We'll have the test results.
Foreman : And we'll either do his procedure or we won't.
Cuddy : What are you doing here?
House : Just grabbing a snack.
Cuddy : You keep food in the morgue?
House : If I keep it in the lounge, everyone else eats it.
UNK: That's because it's everyone else's food.
House : I thought it was just everyone else's bags.
Cuddy : The Accreditation Board will light us on fire for this.
House : They're not going to find out.
House : Unless, of course, Conway planned on inspecting the morgue in, say, two minutes.
House : Is that why you're here?
Cuddy : You're going to get me fired over a sandwich?
UNK: No, over a TV. And you're not going to get fired because you're going to fold.
Cuddy : No, I won't.
UNK: But you're going to push it, so we need a safe word,
House : so you can signal your unconditional surrender.
UNK: Call me "sweet sauce. " Dr. House. I don't think we've met.
UNK: Dr. Jamie Conway. I've heard your name.
House : Most people have. It's also a noun.
House : I sometimes come down here to relax, unwind, maybe grab a...
House : Sweet sauce.
House : It's a nickname.
Cuddy : An ironic nickname.
UNK: Wow, it is almost 2 : 00. Aren't you supposed to be...
UNK: Oh, yeah. Yeah, 'cause those sick blind kids aren't going to read to themselves.
UNK: See you.
House : I recommend skipping C26. Floater, been in the river at least a week.
UNK: Thanks for the warning. Any time.
Cameron : Doesn't the doctors' lounge have that same TV?
UNK: No, they've got a 12-inch exactly like the one that used to be in here.
UNK: Your files are done.
House : I'll be doing a dance of joy just as soon as my leg is healed.
UNK: Can you tilt it down?
Cameron : I know the paperwork annoys you,
Cameron : but patient records are important. You can't just let them sit there.
House : I had to, in the name of science.
House : I let the crap pile up,
UNK: then I see which team member is most self-flagellating.