House : Either you were worried that she wanted back on my team
House : or you were worried she wanted back on me.
Husband : This isn't a medical crisis, is it?
House : Could be. A lot of STDs hang in the balance.
House : I give up. Vinegar compresses four times a day.
House : Any chance I could just leave it at that?
House : No. Pseudomonas folliculitis.
House : It's a skin infection from crowded and contaminated hot tubs,
House : which you obviously use, but not with your husband.
House : Tried to help a sister out.
Foreman : The nuclei were all normal-sized,
Foreman : bone cells are well-differentiated.
Foreman : No dysplasia means no cancer.
Franni : That's good, isn't it?
Foreman : We hope so, although it also means we still have no idea what caused the break.
Foreman : How does it feel?
Doug : It hurts.
Franni : Is it supposed to look like that?
Foreman : No, but it's probably just residual bleeding from the surgery.
Foreman : We should be able to...
Foreman : Need two units of FFP, right away.
Franni : Oh, my God. What's happening?
Foreman : He's bleeding out.
House : Means it's gotta be cancer.
House : It's gotta be, except it's not. The biopsy was negative.
House : Biopsies can be wrong, symptoms can't.
Thirteen : All signs point to cancer, but you can't blast a cancer you can't find.
House : Sure you can. Prep him for total-body irradiation.
Taub : You do realize that's insane.
House : Not unless you think the cancer's cleverly hiding outside his body.
Thirteen : Steroids already weakened his immune system.
Thirteen : That much radiation will kill him before it kills the cancer.
Foreman : And if he doesn't have cancer, we could cause one,
Foreman : or destroy his immune system altogether.
Foreman : The guy could die from an infected toenail.
UNK: So you'd rather do nothing, just let him die on his own?
Taub : I'd rather make his cancer worse.
UNK: Taub continues : Give him insulin-like growth factor, make any tumor or malignancy grow.
UNK: Taub continues : Grows big enough, we can find it.
Thirteen : That's like pouring gasoline on a fire.
UNK: At least total-body irradiation is an actual treatment.
House : His idea is better. Pour away.
UNK: I've lost my mojo.
Wilson : Have you retraced your steps?
Wilson : Does your cleaning lady check your pockets before...
House : I was clueless about Kutner, I was wrong about Cameron,
House : Taub just came up with an idea that I should have seen long before he did.
Wilson : No one saw anything coming with Kutner,
Wilson : you hardly ever see Cameron anymore,
Wilson : and you hired Taub to come up with ideas that you wouldn't have come up with.
House : And I have no idea why you're eating carrots.
UNK: Good.
House : I'm losing my mind, all you got to say is, "Good"?
Wilson : House, a guy you worked with for two years, who you mentored,
Wilson : and, yes, possibly even cared about, just blew his brains out.
Wilson : You can't find the reason, can't find the meaning in it,
Wilson : because sometimes there isn't any.
UNK: Sometimes this is all there is.