House : Come on, give me something. Give me a bad idea,
House : maybe I can turn it into a good one.
House : Fine. Open him up, put in a defibrillator.
Foreman : That's permanent and risky.
Foreman : We don't even know what, if anything, is wrong with his heart.
House : Redo all the tests.
House : In the meantime, open him up, put in a defibrillator,
House : so he can live long enough for you to finish the tests.
House : Balance organs, nerves, lungs, bones, heart.
Wilson : Things you use to make bratwurst?
House : There's no sign of infection,
House : it's not a metabolic or autoimmune disease.
House : It's definitely not cancer. I think.
House : Definitely not cancer.
UNK: Aren't you gonna pick?
Wilson : I'm thinking. Is there a ticking clock?
House : You already put your money in.
House : You never do that until you decide.
Wilson : That's very observant of you.
Wilson : Too bad you distracted me. Now I'm thinking I might change my mind.
House : There's nothing healthy in that machine.
Wilson : No, there's not.
House : Gummi Bears. You hate Gummi Bears.
Wilson : People can change.
UNK: No.
House : And more importantly, I hate them.
Wilson : Oh, fine. Then I won't offer you any.
House : You manipulative bitch.
House : You're not suddenly eating healthy because you want to.
House : You're eating healthy because you know I don't want to.
House : I've been mooching food for 10 years,
UNK: so either something started bothering you this week or you're...
Wilson : Screwing with you. It needed to be done.
Wilson : After Amber died, I withdrew, tried to change everything,
Wilson : hoping I'd sort it out, find some deeper truth.
Wilson : It was a mistake.
Wilson : I should have gone back to normal, to here and now.
Wilson : Because that's all we can ever really count on.
Wilson : Things need to get back to normal in your life.
Wilson : And what could be more normal than me screwing with you,
Wilson : and you figuring it out?
House : You manipulative bitch.
Taub : We need to put in a cardioverter defibrillator.
Taub : It'll keep your heart beating while we keep looking.
Doug : What does that mean?
Taub : It means, even if we figure this out,
Taub : you'll have to stop protesting anywhere not near a hospital.
House : Hi. Got a few questions.
Taub : We're about to start doing...
House : A hopefully pointless medical procedure.
House : Your life and my mojo hang in the balance.
House : Pesticides are evil, which means that commercial flowers are doused in evil,
House : but plant life is nature's answer to evil.
House : So you have a garden.
Doug : No. We live in an apartment.
House : A window box then?
UNK: No.
House : Potted plants?
UNK: Nothing. The commercial growers...
House : Yeah, they're evil. Yeah, got it.
Taub : House, I really don't think we have time for this.
House : Your marriage sucks.
Taub : Thank you.
House : All marriages suck. Your marriage sucks.
UNK: No. I love her.
House : He loves a tree in Oregon more than he loves you,
House : but he can't have sex with it.
House : Unless it's that slutty oak outside Portland.
UNK: You want to get to your point?
House : She's had enough.
House : She's gonna leave, maybe she's just not putting out, whatever.
House : You gotta make it right. Right away.
House : You gotta compromise that precious flower principle.
UNK: Never.
UNK: Once.