UNK: Nothing.
House : Meet Mrs. Environmental Nutbag, or did you keep your maiden name?
Cameron : He's married? Yep. Got a kid, too.
House : Double threat, eco-freak and deadbeat dad.
UNK: House!
Foreman : Sorry, parentally challenged.
Foreman : No, his neck.
Cameron : It's torticollis, reaction to the chlorpromazine.
UNK: That's not just a spasm, it's swollen.
UNK: Crunchy.
Foreman : It's definitely not MS.
Foreman : Crunching sounds were caused by an air leak between his lungs.
UNK: The leak in his mediastinum could've been caused by prolonged hiccups.
Taub : More likely it was the neck spasm.
Cameron : Most likely it was there all along.
Cameron : We just didn't notice until the other symptoms made it worse.
House : So, what causes loss of balance, pathological hiccups,
House : and a hole in his Gloria Steinem?
Foreman : He was protesting a lumber mill last fall.
Foreman : Sarcoid's been linked to pine forests.
UNK: No, his AC levels are normal.
UNK: Progressive systemic sclerosis?
Thirteen : Guy practically lives in industrial waste sites.
Thirteen : If a solvent got absorbed through his lungs, caused an autoimmune firestorm...
House : Start him on IV methylprednisolone for systemic sclerosis.
House : Do a full work-up to confirm.
Cameron : By myself? Without yourself.
House : Grab a bat. Grab some pine.
House : Time to bring in the first string.
UNK: Why?
House : You obviously want to be here. I can't figure out why.
UNK: So I want to see where you go when you can't be here.
Cuddy : You know what vacation means, right?
UNK: You here because of House, Chase, or overtime issues?
UNK: He's very concerned. Chase, not House.
Cameron : If it's all right with you,
Cameron : I'd rather communicate with Chase by communicating with Chase.
Chase : Are you in love with House?
Cameron : You are not concerned about me.
Cameron : You're marking your territory.
Cuddy : You shouldn't be involved with House,
Cuddy : neither should I, neither should anyone.
Cuddy : You and Chase are good together. Don't screw it up.
Franni : When are you gonna stop this?
Doug : How can you ask me to stop?
Franni : You're in a hospital. You have a son.
Foreman : The steroids ought to get him breathing normally again.
Thirteen : But autoimmune diseases are serious.
Thirteen : Might not be a bad idea to take some time at home, rest up.
Doug : I can't just quit.
Franni : Do you hate us that much?
Doug : I love you, and I love our son.
Doug : But why should he matter more than everyone else's?
Cameron : He does.
UNK: Why?
Doug : Because he's biologically connected to me?
Doug : There's no rational reason.
Franni : He's our son.
UNK: And he's going to need to drink clean water and breathe clean air.
Doug : I'm doing this for him, too.
UNK: Come on in, House.
UNK: Because who else is it going to be at 10 : 30 at night?
UNK: And, no, thanks, I already ate.
UNK: I didn't ask you to dinner.
Wilson : But you were going to.
Wilson : And when I explained that I'd eaten hours ago,
Wilson : you were going to move on to your real entree,
Wilson : rifling through my kitchen.
UNK: Hmm.
House : Inviting me to search your kitchen.
UNK: Means you know that I'd find nothing,
UNK: or you know that I'd find something,
House : so you're hoping that I'm gonna assume the former and I won't bother to look.
Wilson : Or it means it's late, I'm tired,