Cameron : Wouldn't show up on CT or MRI.
UNK: It could also be our only warning before a massive stroke.
House : Do a Holter and a carotid doppler,
House : see if his heart skips for more than the Spotted Owl.
House : Although I didn't say "we," if I had...
Doug : Sorry if this is screwing up the test.
Doug : Been hiccupping a lot lately, but not as bad as this.
UNK: How much is a lot? And how long is lately?
Doug : It's been on and off for about a week.
Doug : Maybe a few hours a day.
Cameron : Did you tell the doctors in Philly about it?
Doug : They didn't seem to think it was any big deal.
Chase : Hey, so we're still leaving tomorrow, aren't we?
Cameron : I'm not sure.
Cameron : The referring doctors didn't realize that his hiccups were...
UNK: Hiccups?
Cameron : With this duration and intensity, most likely pathological,
Cameron : and it could mean it's serious.
Chase : Are you avoiding me?
UNK: No.
Chase : So, I shouldn't be at all concerned
Chase : that you're treating another doctor's patient for hiccups
Chase : instead of going on the vacation I spent a week planning?
Cameron : There is a reason I need to stay with this case a while longer,
Cameron : but I can't tell you what it is.
Chase : So, you admit you lied to me, now you're asking me to trust you.
UNK: Yes.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: No sign of heart or arterial problems,
Cameron : but he's been hiccupping on and off for over a week.
House : Nice. I'm hooked. You can get back to your shift at the ER,
House : except, as far as the ER is concerned, you're on vacation, right?
Cameron : I postponed a trip because I'm concerned about the patient.
House : Explains why you ditched Chase and came to the differentials,
House : not why you ran the tests.
Cameron : You told me to.
House : Well, I'm not your boss,
UNK: something you usually take great pleasure in pointing out.
House : Hey, you don't still have the hots for me, do you?
Cameron : I care about the patient and I care about the people who work on your team,
Cameron : they've been through a lot lately.
Cameron : I just thought I... Was Florence Nightingale
UNK: and you're gonna nurse us back to spiritual and mental oneness.
House : That would make sense if we were having this conversation a week ago.
Cameron : Think what you want, that I'm here to get a job,
Cameron : that I'm here to wrap you in swaddling clothes.
House : Problem is, I think neither. Because neither makes sense.
House : The only thing that does, doesn't.
Cameron : Pathological hiccups plus inability to balance, go.
House : What she said.
Thirteen : Brain would connect the two.
House : It could if Cameron hadn't already CT'd his head.
House : Empty as her boyfriend's calendar.
Taub : What does this have to do with Chase?
UNK: Nothing. Not sure yet.
Cameron : Patient is on a jihad against commercial flowers,
Cameron : he's picketed several nurseries.
Cameron : Organophosphate poisoning can cause both hiccups and...
Foreman : No GI problems, no hypersalivation.
Taub : It's possible it's not connected to a protest.
Taub : MS wouldn't show on the CT, and his name is Swenson.
UNK: Scandinavians have an increased susceptibility to MS.
House : Better theory than, "He's faking it."
House : The clogs have it. Do a lumbar puncture to confirm MS.
Thirteen : I guess we'll just continue to twiddle our thumbs.
House : God, I hope that's a euphemism.
Cameron : How am I supposed to do a lumbar puncture
Cameron : on a patient with intractable hiccups?
House : I'm trying to figure out what that could be a euphemism for.
House : You'll find a way.
Cameron : You're not worried House is gonna be pissed you're helping me do the test?
Foreman : He said find a way, and you did.
Cameron : How do you think House is doing?
Foreman : That why you're here?
UNK: Yeah.
Foreman : No, it isn't.
Foreman : Even if House was messed up by Kutner's suicide, it wouldn't matter.