Foreman : He already thinks life is nasty, brutish and long,
Foreman : and misery helps his diagnostic skills.
Foreman : All of which you know, so, why are you here?
Cameron : Which answer would you believe?
Foreman : If you want Kutner's place, it's fine by me.
Foreman : I could use someone else with the stones to stand up to House.
UNK: But you've got to know that's gonna blow up your relationship with Chase.
Cameron : All I did was postpone a three-day trip.
Taub : With Chase, to be with House.
UNK: Foreman continues : What are you doing?
Cameron : Ordering IV chlorpromazine.
Foreman : This could still be neurological.
UNK: You can cloud his mental status.
Cameron : You wanna get the needle in his spine or you wanna talk?
Chase : You and House been talking about filling Kutner's slot?
Cuddy : Yeah, we went straight from the funeral to Human Resources.
Cuddy : You interested in getting back on the team?
Chase : I'm interested in knowing if Cameron's interested.
Chase : She's been running all the tests for House's case.
Cuddy : Well, she hasn't said anything to me.
Cuddy : But I guess the referring doctor might have asked her to keep an eye on him.
Chase : Do you think Cameron's in love with House?
Cuddy : That is a ridiculous question. She's in love with you.
Chase : Are you in love with House?
Cuddy : That is an even more ridiculous question.
Chase : Two questions, zero answers.
UNK: I think I can extrapolate from there.
Franni : Dr. House?
House : Sorry, I'm just the zone delivery guy.
Franni : I'm Doug Swenson's wife.
House : His history said the environmental kamikaze was single.
Franni : He probably didn't want me to worry.
Franni : He told me he was in jail with some of the other protesters.
Chase : Yeah, well, no worries there.
Franni : He's in jail a lot. Not so often in the hospital.
Franni : I searched his e-mail, and I found the referral to you yesterday.
House : You must really love your husband, and travel by rickshaw.
House : Only took you 18 hours to get here.
House : Who eats kale? It's so bland it doesn't even taste like kale.
Franni : I had to find somebody to take care of our 4-year-old son.
Franni : Doug's all right, isn't he?
House : I have no idea.
House : I know he's an idiot,
House : and now I've learned that he's a liar, so we're making...
House : Who told you that I was in here?
Franni : The doctor in the office next to yours said that you might be here.
House : I got it figured out.
Foreman : That mean we don't need to do the LP?
House : I was talking to her. You're not even supposed to be here.
Cameron : You want us to stop or not?
UNK: What? I don't care what you do with him.
House : You're not doing a favor for a doctor in Philly,
House : you're doing a favor for an oncologist in North Jersey.
Cameron : I'm spying on you for Wilson?
House : Spying, pre-emptive grief counseling...
Cameron : Wilson sees you 10 times more than I do, he's a better liar,
Cameron : and he wouldn't have to cancel a vacation to do it.
House : Good points. Also doesn't explain the diet.
Franni : What does any of this have to do with my husband?