Alexis : So, what's our next move?
Castle : There is no next move.
UNK: We'll let sleeping dogs lie.
UNK: It's safer that way, for everyone.
Hayley : I'm really sorry to interrupt, but I think I've found something.
Castle : On Phillip's homicide?
Hayley : Yeah, I was going through Jordan Keegan's computer files
Hayley : and I found something interesting.
Castle : - It's a screenplay. - Hmm.
Alexis : Gemini Killers.
Hayley : Yeah, it's a dreadful story about a serial-killing duo.
Hayley : Not sure, but it might give us some insight.
Castle : I've seen this before.
Hayley : The script?
UNK: No, the notes. In the margins here. This odd handwriting.
Castle : I know who the killer is.
Trevor : No, I cannot hold, I...
Trevor : It's Trevor Nigel.
Trevor : You're going to have to move that.
Menendez : Trevor Nigel. You're under arrest.
Hayley : Excuse me?
Menendez : We found the knife that killed Phillip Harris.
Hayley : Along with a rather ghastly collection of human body parts.
Trevor : I admit nothing.
Castle : Neither did your partner before he was killed.
Trevor : Jordan is dead?
Trevor : He gave me up, didn't he?
Trevor : I knew I should never have partnered with a screenwriter.
Castle : No, Trevor. You gave yourself up.
Castle : Back when your studio was doing Heat Wave,
Castle : I gave you notes on that horrible script you commissioned.
Castle : You sent it back to me with a handwritten note,
Castle : detailing why my ideas were stupid.
Castle : I never forget a bad review.
Castle : Especially one with such distinctive handwriting.
Hayley : It's the same handwriting on your serial-killer partner's screenplay.
Trevor : Richard, you're a pretty good writer.
UNK: But you should really read Jordan's work.
Trevor : Because it is inspiring.
Trevor : After I read his Gemini Killers screenplay,
Trevor : I knew that I had found a kindred spirit.
Trevor : Someone with the same desires as I had.
Trevor : And his script laid out the perfect plan for us to kill... Ow!
Trevor : Without attracting suspicion.
Trevor : Sadly, he could never nail the end.
UNK: Well, we did. And you've reached it.
Trevor : Maybe you should do the rewrite.
Trevor : Call my assistant to set up a meeting.