Castle : Odds are, that's what got him killed.
UNK: Look, I love a gruesome murder as much as the next girl,
Hayley : but we don't have a client.
Hayley : And impressing that ridiculous detective society
Hayley : isn't exactly on the top of my list.
Castle : Well, it's on mine.
Castle : But first let's see if anyone knows what I was doing here a year and a half ago.
Castle : Yeah, this is definitely the place.
UNK: Two for lunch?
UNK: Hungry Orchard Owner : The watch.
Hayley : Richard, what's going on?
UNK: You were here 18 months ago.
UNK: Yeah, it's my place. So?
Hayley : Do you recognize him?
UNK: Hungry Orchard Owner : No. Should I?
UNK: Uh, I was here about, um...
Castle : I was here about a year and a half ago.
Castle : Something happened, you yelled at me...
UNK: Hungry Orchard Owner : Oh, you're the guy with the watch.
Castle : What watch?
UNK: Hungry Orchard Owner : You couldn't pay, and then I was gonna call the cops on you,
UNK: and then, uh, you gave me your watch to hold on to,
UNK: said you were gonna come back for it, but you never came.
Castle : - Was I with anybody? - Uh, no.
Castle : Did I talk to anybody? Did I tell you where I'd been, or where I was going?
UNK: No. You, uh, just ate and then you left, uh, you gave me your watch first.
Castle : Do you still have the watch?
UNK: Hungry Orchard Owner : Best wingman I ever had.
Castle : It does not look familiar.
Castle : And it's a knock-off. But it's the freshest clue we have.
Castle : - I'll buy it back from you. - Sure.
UNK: Veronica Harris : My brother was right.
Ryan : Right about what?
Veronica : The Phantom.
Veronica : A serial killer Phillip was hunting.
Veronica : He stumbled onto it working a missing person's case.
Esposito : We haven't heard of any active serials nicknamed "the Phantom".
Veronica : That's why Phillip called him the Phantom,
Veronica : because no one has any idea that he exists.
Veronica : According to Phillip,
Veronica : the Phantom had been killing people in Los Angeles and New York
Veronica : for the last several years.
Esposito : A bicoastal serial killer?
Veronica : Right before Phillip flew back to LA,