Alexis : Makes sense.
Alexis : Plenty of people connected with the film industry are bicoastal.
Hayley : Directors, producers, cinematographers...
UNK: And actors, who are all borderline sociopaths, by the way.
Hayley : You don't have to tell me.
Hayley : Hey, did anyone at Zenith know that Phillip was working there undercover?
UNK: Just one. The head of the studio.
UNK: Ah, let's go talk to him.
Hayley : Thank you.
UNK: I'm so going to get that spot in the Greatest Detective Society.
Castle : I mean, there's no way Kendall has access to the kind of details that I have.
Hayley : Oh, don't get cocky, Rick. You haven't solved the murder yet.
Castle : - Hide me. - What? How?
Courtney : Rick Castle.
Castle : Oh, hi, Courtney.
UNK: Hey. I'm Courtney.
Hayley : Hayley. So what's going on, you guys have a beef or something?
UNK: Me and Rick? No, no way. we're buds.
UNK: Oh, buds?
Castle : Last time I saw you, you tried to run me down with a golf cart
Castle : because I wouldn't let you get cast in the Nikki Heat movie.
Courtney : But what I didn't know then, which I do now,
UNK: was that your movie was gonna be quite possibly the worst movie ever made.
Courtney : Not being cast in your movie was the best thing
UNK: that could've happened to my career.
Courtney : So, thanks! Let's do lunch sometime.
Courtney : Nice meeting you.
Castle : Say hi to Brandon.
Castle : Can you believe her? "worst movie ever made"?
Hayley : Yeah, I can believe her. It was a terrible film.
Castle : Well, that was all thanks to this really obtuse studio executive.
Castle : What the hell was his name?
UNK: Trevor Nigel : Trevor Nigel. And you must be Richard Castle.
Hayley : - Yes. - We've only ever talked on the phone.
Castle : Yeah. Nice to finally put a face to all those notes.
Castle : Thank you so much for seeing us without an appointment.
Trevor : Are you kidding me?
Trevor : This is fate. I'm serious, Rick.
UNK: Your name literally just came up in our last story development meeting.
Castle : It did?
Trevor : Look, I know this studio did a poor job producing Heat Wave,
Trevor : but believe me, I fought for your vision.