UNK: Exactly.
UNK: Now, ifyou find evidence that Austin is the killer,
UNK: I get equal credit. No double crosses.
UNK: Deal.
Castle : That way, Mason wood has to make both of us members of the society.
Hayley : Let's go.
UNK: Hold on. Is that what you're wearing?
Hayley : - Yes. - No.
Hayley : Deciding between something I brought
UNK: and something that Rick's about to buy me.
Castle : I think I know the direction you'll be leaning in.
UNK: Aw! You really do deserve to be in the Greatest Detective Society.
UNK: Wow!
Austin : Come in. Come in.
Austin : Let's get some drinks in you.
UNK: Whoa!
Austin : - Here you go. - Ooh!
Austin : A little something to loosen your inhibitions.
UNK: Oh, don't worry. We're plenty loose already.
Austin : Not after I've tied you up.
UNK: Ooh!
UNK: - So, who's first? - Uh...
UNK: what?
UNK: Um...
Hayley : Tell you what, uh, why don't you let me tie you up first?
UNK: Then how am I gonna be able to do all the terrible things
UNK: that I've got planned for you?
Hayley : Oh, I'm sure you'll figure something out.
Hayley : Isn't that right, Kendall?
UNK: Kendall? Kendall? Damn it, she's gonna miss all the fun.
Castle : You've been had. That dirty little...
Austin : I'm getting tired of chasing you.
UNK: Well, there's no rule against taking a short break.
Castle : What the hell?
Austin : Hey, where's your friend?
UNK: Huh?
UNK: I thought we had a deal. No more double crosses.
UNK: Sorry, Ricky, but I'm going to be the one to take those trophies in.
Castle : Well, good luck with that, because I'm looking for a murder weapon.
UNK: It's a unique blade. But I guess you wouldn't know that.
Kendall : - You're lying. - No.
Castle : And here it is.
Kendall : Okay, great, we'll take it in together.
Kendall : Like you said, we have a deal, right?
Castle : Oh, so, now the deal's back on?
Austin : Drop the knife!
Castle : Austin, the police know we're here. Ifyou kill us, they will catch you.
Austin : I'm not going to kill you.
Kendall : Then why are you holding us at gunpoint?
Austin : Because you're robbing me.
Castle : We're not robbing you. we're getting evidence that you are a serial killer.
Castle : Like this knife, which has been used in seven ritualistic murders.
Austin : What are you talking about? I'm not a serial killer, I'm a film director.
Austin : And that is a prop from a horror movie I shot two years ago.
Hayley : Well, prop or not, this knife matches our victims' wounds exactly.
Austin : There were five identical knives made for that film,
Austin : which means there are four others out there just like it.
Austin : Maybe you should be looking for one of those.
Castle : But you were in New York for three of those murders.
Austin : So were eight million other people including my assistant,
Austin : who can prove my whereabouts at all times.
Austin : Now get the hell out of my house!
UNK: Do you think we could... Okay.
Esposito : Well, the director was telling the truth.
Esposito : His alibis check out for all three New York murders.
Ryan : Then we need to track down all the knives
Ryan : that were made for that horror movie.
Esposito : Yeah, clearly one of them was used to commit all seven murders.
Lanie : There were eight.
Castle : What are you talking about?
Lanie : I discovered a fourth New York victim. A man by the name of Pat Crews.
Ryan : Are you sure?
Ryan : Phillip Harris only knew about three.
Lanie : There's a reason he missed this one.
Lanie : Because this murder took place on the same day
Lanie : the Phantom killed a woman in Los Angeles.
UNK: But how could that be?
UNK: Unless...
Ryan : There are two serial killers.
Ryan : One on each coast.
Hayley : Who is that?
Castle : I don't know. whoever it is, I hope they brought coffee.
UNK: - Detective Menendez. Please come in. - You know...
Menendez : I expect to be screwed over by an asshat that I don't know.
Menendez : But not from one who's supposed to be my friend.
Hayley : I take it you heard about what happened at Austin Elektra's house last night.
Menendez : You said you'd keep me in the loop.
Hayley : Look, we can explain.
UNK: Uh, Austin had a prop knife that matched the murder weapon.
Menendez : And our lab tested it this morning, it's clean.
Hayley : Did you manage to track down the other four knives used in the movie?
Menendez : Two of the knives are still at the studio warehouse.
Menendez : They came up clean, too.
Menendez : And according to the prop master, who alibied out by the way,
Menendez : the last two knives went missing.
UNK: Lanie discovered there are two different murderers
Castle : operating on either coast using identical weapons.
UNK: AII we have to do...
Menendez : Oh, whoa, whoa, no, no, no. See, there is no "we." You two are done.