Alexis : Why not?
Hayley : It's complicated.
Esposito : Jordan Keegan? we need to talk.
Ryan : About what?
Ryan : Well, your name came up in a homicide.
Castle : This is the murder weapon. It's a prop from a movie that you wrote.
UNK: So?
Esposito : So, did you happen to keep one as a souvenir?
Ryan : Perhaps two? One for yourself, one for your partner out in Los Angeles.
Jordan : What are you guys talking about?
Ryan : We're talking about Pat Crews, your old writing teacher.
Esposito : He was killed with a knife shaped exactly like that one.
UNK: Hey!
Woman : Help me!
Ryan : - Let her go, Jordan. - Stand back!
Esposito : You've got nowhere to go! Drop the scissors!
Jordan : Listen, fellas, I'm a writer, so trust me when I say
UNK: ifthe villain surrenders, it's just so unsatisfying.
Jordan : That's why they always go out in style.
Esposito : Just relax, Jordan.
Ryan : Don't do anything stupid.
Jordan : Stupid? Me?
Jordan : How can you say that when we've outsmarted you for years?
UNK: Who's "we"? who's your partner in LA?
Jordan : A genius.
Jordan : He believed in me.
Jordan : Took my visions, made them real!
Ryan : - Give us a name, Jordan. - You'll never find him.
Castle : Okay. No, I understand. Thank you.
Castle : Hey, that was Ryan and Esposito.
Castle : They had to kill Jordan Keegan,
UNK: but he sent us digital copies of Jordan's computer.
UNK: Now, I think we, and by "we," I mean the two ofyou,
Castle : might be able to find something on there
UNK: that'll give us a lead to find his west Coast counterpart.
Hayley : Rick, we need to talk.
Ryan : About what?
Alexis : I'll give you two the room.
Hayley : You remember when we first met?
Castle : How could I forget? You sucker punched me in the face.
Hayley : No. No, we'd met before that.
Hayley : A year and a half earlier, to be precise.
Castle : You mean, this whole time you knew?
Castle : Who the hell are you?
Hayley : I'm Hayley.
Hayley : I didn't lie about that. Technically, I didn't lie about anything.
UNK: I misrepresented, sure, but I didn't lie.
Castle : But why?