Castle : Yeah, hello?
Esposito : Yo, it's Espo. Is Beckett with you?
UNK: Um...
UNK: Why? What's going on?
Esposito : Well, Gates is putting her back on the Vulcan Simmons investigation.
Castle : She is?
Castle : I thought she didn't want Beckett going toe-to-toe with him.
UNK: That's not gonna be an issue anymore.
Esposito : Vulcan Simmons has been murdered.
UNK: SIREN WAILING
Castle : Hey, where were you this morning?
UNK: SIGHS Not now.
BECKETT : What do we think happened?
Gates : Someone tortured the man.
LANIE : Based on blood patterns,
Lanie : he was shot five times over a span of a half an hour or so.
Lanie : The killer started at the knees, then shoulders,
UNK: and, finally, a fatal round through the heart.
Gates : It seems like the shooter may have interrogated him,
Gates : inflicting pain to get information, perhaps.
Beckett : What about forensic evidence?
Lanie : Not much to go on. Our killer was careful.
Lanie : Picked up the spent shell casings.
Castle : How about ballistics?
Lanie : It doesn't look like I'll be able to recover the bullets.
Castle : - Because they're too damaged? - Because they're gone.
Lanie : Whoever did this dug them out of the body.
Gates : In other words, the killer knew what we'd look for and covered their tracks.
Gates : You know Vulcan's world. Any idea who might've done this?
Beckett : No, sir. Do we have any witnesses?
UNK: Not that we found so far.
Gates : But we did find the car Mr. Simmons was driving.
Gates : And there's blood inside, most likely from Jason Marks.
Gates : I'll show you.
Ryan : Hey, Castle. Got a sec?
Castle : What's up?
Esposito : We were just canvassing, and we spoke to a witness
Esposito : who said they saw someone here last night.
UNK: A woman sneaking out of the property.
UNK: The witness described her as a tall brunette.
UNK: "Too good-looking to be in this neighborhood."
BECKETT : Yes, I was there.
Beckett : But I didn't kill him.
Beckett : I thought about it, though.
Castle : What the hell, Kate? We had a deal. Why didn't you tell me?
Beckett : I knew you wouldn't let me go.
Castle : You're damn right I wouldn't. It was reckless.
Beckett : It was a calculated risk. I couldn't let Vulcan slip away.
Beckett : Only I didn't move fast enough.
Castle : So, what happened last night?
Beckett : He was in the shadows. He was waiting.
Beckett : It's like he knew I was coming. And we had words. That's it.