Lanie : Kate, Vulcan Simmons was killed with your gun.
Castle : How could it be from your gun? You have your gun.
Beckett : That's my backup piece.
UNK: I have a.40 cal in my safe at home.
Castle : You're being set up.
Gates : I see what the ballistics report says, Marcus, but it's wrong.
Gates : Detective Beckett would never do anything like this.
UNK: Marcus Donovan : This isn't a debate, Victoria.
UNK: I'm just giving you a heads-up because we have history.
UNK: Marcus Donovan : Now, where is she?
Donovan : Cover the other doors.
GATES : You're making a mistake, Marcus.
UNK: Something else is going on here.
Donovan : Doesn't matter. I have my orders.
Donovan : Where's Detective Beckett?
Castle : I have no idea.
Donovan : Lock down the precinct. Make sure she does not leave this building.
Castle : I'm telling you, I don't know where she went.
Donovan : You were just in the break room with Detective Beckett.
Donovan : What did she say to you before she fled?
Castle : That she didn't kill Vulcan Simmons.
Donovan : Do you understand this woman is now the target of a manhunt?
Donovan : That she's most likely a murderer?
Castle : I can't help you.
Donovan : I want him gone.
Donovan : He has no business in this precinct.
UNK: Not when we're conducting this investigation.
Gates : I'm afraid he's right, Mr. Castle. You're gonna have to leave.
UNK: Gladly.
ESPOSITO : L.T., follow us a minute.
Lt : Make it fast.
Ryan : What's this all about, Castle?
Castle : Guys, she wouldn't want you involved.
Esposito : We're already involved. We're family, bro.
UNK: And we know this is bigger than Vulcan Simmons.
UNK: How?
Ryan : We canvassed around the hotel where Jason Marks was staying.
UNK: The bell captain there said he had a meeting with this man. Look familiar?
Castle : Yeah. That's Smith.
Esposito : Captain Montgomery's friend, right?
Esposito : The one who kept Beckett safe by holding those files on Bracken?
Ryan : Until they got blown to high heaven.
UNK: Yes, but Smith is dead. He died in hospital.
Esposito : Maybe that's just how he wanted it to look.
Castle : Smith did have the resources to fake his own death.
Castle : And that is the only way Bracken would stop hunting him.
Ryan : Bracken? Is that what this is all about?
UNK: INDISTINCT ARGUING
Castle : We believe Vulcan's drug money was funding his campaign.
Castle : We were trying to find a link, but maybe we got too close.
Esposito : Well, how does Smith fit in?
Beckett : I don't know.
Castle : But if he took the risk of showing himself,
Castle : something big must be going on.
Esposito : Between the cops and Bracken's guys, Beckett's right in the crosshairs.
Ryan : What can we do?
UNK: Guys, we gotta go.
Castle : I'll let you know.
Ryan : Hey! You okay?
UNK: Yeah. Were you followed?
Castle : No. No, no. I switched cabs three times, just to be sure.
UNK: Donovan's got half the force looking for you.
UNK: For the couple who has everything. Two matching burner phones.
UNK: GPS turned off, of course.
Beckett : Listen, Castle, I can't ask you to stick around anymore.
Castle : You don't have to ask. I'm volunteering.
Beckett : No. It's too dangerous.
Beckett : Bracken knows that I was bluffing now.
Beckett : That I don't have this huge file of evidence against him.
Beckett : Because if I did, I wouldn't have to go after Vulcan to bring him down.
Beckett : I've overplayed my hand.
Beckett : There's nothing to stop him from killing me anymore,
UNK: so he's making his move.
Beckett : And I have to make mine.
Beckett : I called his office in D.C. Bracken's in New York.
UNK: So what's your plan? You're gonna take a run at him with nothing?
Beckett : What's my other option?
Beckett : Hide in the shadows and wait for them to arrest me?