Montgomery : Sorry about your mom.
Beckett : Thank you, sir.
UNK: How you feeling?
Beckett : Where are we?
Castle : Ripton, Vermont, population 588.
UNK: Couple of short hours, we will be crossing into Canada.
Beckett : Turn around. We have to go back.
UNK: Kate Beckett : - What? - It was Montgomery.
Beckett : He made that recording of Bracken, the one that Smith has been looking for.
Esposito : Captain Montgomery? How can you possibly know that?
Beckett : Castle, when I first met him,
Beckett : he was saying things about my mother's murder.
Beckett : Things that I didn't understand at the time.
Beckett : But he specifically mentioned a cassette recording.
Castle : And Smith said that the person who made that recording
Castle : was a former associate of Bracken's.
Beckett : Yeah. It adds up.
Castle : Okay, but if Montgomery did have that kind of evidence,
Castle : why wouldn't he have just given it to Smith?
Beckett : I think he gave it to my mom.
Beckett : He asked if I had been through her belongings,
Beckett : if I came across a cassette.
Castle : Kate, if he gave her the tape, you would've found it.
Castle : You've been through her things a million times.
Beckett : Castle, I didn't know what I was looking for.
Beckett : The answer is there. I know it.
Beckett : I have a box of her things in my apartment. We've got to go back.
Castle : That's crazy. They'll be staking out your place.
Beckett : Not Bracken's guys. Not now.
Castle : And how about Donovan's guys? He'll have cops up there.
Castle : There's no way we're getting near that place.
Beckett : We will. We just need a little help.
UNK: Hey, guys! Yeah, it's your, uh, lucky day.
Ryan : Donovan sent us over so you can grab a bite to eat.
Uniform : We're not supposed to take lunch for another hour.
Esposito : Oh, I'm sorry, is this not a good time for you?
Esposito : So, what, we should just wait here until you guys get hungry?
Ryan : All right. We'll grab a slice and be back in a few.
BECKETT : Thanks.
UNK: - You guys got about two minutes. - BECKETT : Okay.
UNK: Okay, if Montgomery gave her the tape,
UNK: she would've written something down about it.
Beckett : I kept some of her notebooks in here.
Beckett : Damn it!
Castle : Her appointment book.
Castle : What is this, some kind of shorthand?
Beckett : Uh, yeah. She developed a code when she was in law school
Beckett : in case anyone subpoenaed her notes.
Castle : That's ingenious.
Beckett : Except she was the only one that knew what it meant.
Beckett : I gave it to contacts in the NSA, the FBI, Military Intelligence.
Beckett : No one was able to decipher it.
CASTLE : This is the day she died.
Castle : There's gotta be something in here about that case.
Beckett : We don't have time to figure it out.
Beckett : Come on, Castle, we gotta go.
Castle : Hey, look at this last entry. "D Me with family"?
UNK: "Dinner with family."
Beckett : She was on her way to the restaurant to meet us the night that she was killed.
UNK: But look how close the "D" is to the "M."
UNK: "D.M."?
UNK: "Detective Montgomery."
UNK: "E," "evidence." Detective Montgomery evidence?
Beckett : - Do you think that... - I do.
UNK: "With family."
Castle : She was bringing the tape to you.
Castle : Maybe to give it to your father for safekeeping.
UNK: Which means she would've had it on her when she was killed.
UNK: Bracken would've recovered that.
Castle : Only, we know he didn't,
Castle : otherwise he wouldn't still be looking for it.
Beckett : So what did she do with the tape?
UNK: DOOR BURSTS OPEN
UNK: - OFFICER 1 : Hands! Hands! Hands! - INDISTINCT SHOUTING
UNK: Get down! Head down! Get on the ground!
UNK: ELEVATOR BELL DINGS
UNK: Hey, guys, I'm so sorry.
Esposito : Please. We're the ones who screwed up.
Ryan : We led them right to you.
DONOVAN : Keep them here till I get back.
Donovan : I want to personally escort them to Booking.
Beckett : - Castle... - Shh.
Castle : It's not your fault.
Beckett : I really thought we were going to make it.
Castle : Hey. Whatever happens...