UNK: I'm not done eating. Got to be some sort of bleeding disorder.
Cameron : This is really stupid.
UNK: If my stitches pop out again, I got three doctors to save me.
House : Could be some sort of weakness in the lining of the ocular veins.
House : Okay, I'll be you guys.
House : No way, mate, too much blood to just be a vein.
House : No way, Hizzy, if it was an artery, he'd still be bleeding.
House : Actually, he'd be dead.
UNK: He could've had a granuloma in his sinuses that bled,
UNK: which could've been caused by Wegener's.
UNK: You'd think the surgeon would've noticed a giant growth
UNK: while he was sticking the eyeball back in.
House : Tongue and eyes are sick, what about the nose?
UNK: It's right in between them. Why isn't it sick?
Foreman : So it's not spreading. It's got a common source.
House : Which can only be what?
Foreman : The brain, except the CT was clean.
House : Check the brain's trash. See what it's hiding.
Chase : The brain doesn't have a lymph system.
UNK: I know. All its garbage just blows off,
House : gets caught in the snow fence by the side of the road.
Foreman : You're referring to the blood-brain barrier.
House : What else? Biopsy the barrier.
Cameron : Wouldn't it be safer to make a few educated guesses first?
Cameron : Try some relatively safe treatments?
UNK: Biopsy the barrier. But first, start him on Mebendazole in case it's a worm.
Foreman : And Levofloxacin in case it's an infection
UNK: that slipped by the first antibiotic.
Chase : And Azithromycin for STDs.
House : I really don't think the wife is the kind to be messing around.
House : If I was married to her, I certainly...
UNK: House.
Cameron : The patient isn't married. He's a widower.
Wilson : Really, it's more helpful if you do the prescribed rehab yourself.
House : My body is fine.
House : My mind, on the other hand...
Wilson : Maybe she was a girlfriend.
UNK: Or maybe she was just trying to jerk you around.
UNK: I spoke to every one of the nurses on that floor.
House : The patient only had six visitors,
House : two females, no babes. His mother and his aunt.
Wilson : So they missed someone. They're not security.
House : My posse never saw her or me talking on the other side of the glass.
Wilson : They were a little busy trying to save the guy's life.
House : There's only one possible conclusion.
House : It was a hallucination.
House : What does that look like to you? Point six?
UNK: Anesthesia?
UNK: No. It's got to be six smudge. Let's say you're right.
Wilson : It wouldn't be that uncommon after a trauma, after that much blood loss.
UNK: If my perceptions are compromised, then my judgment is compromised.
House : What if his wife told me
House : that the patient just got bit by a rabid Vietnamese leper?
Wilson : So pull yourself off the case.
House : And the next case?
Wilson : You take two weeks, you recover.
House : What if I don't?
House : What if it wasn't the shooting?
Wilson : The guy who sees connections between everything
Wilson : sees no connection between being shot and minor brain disruptions?
House : What if it was the surgery?
Wilson : What if it was the fact that you tore out your stitches
Wilson : and lost two pints of blood?
House : Why did Gillick give me ketamine during my surgery?
UNK: Working.
House : We need to talk.
Cuddy : Get back to the ICU. Who uncuffed you?
House : Why would a surgeon administer ketamine?
Cuddy : - Who showed you your surgical file? - How do you know it's mine?
Cuddy : Because your patient hasn't had surgery, and you don't care about anybody else.