UNK: Why?
House : Don't worry, it's not insulting. At least not to you.
UNK: You're satisfied by that answer?
Woman : You're Dr. House, aren't you?
House : You're not going to shoot me, are you?
Woman : You treated a friend of mine.
Woman : She told me you only talk to people if you have to.
Woman : And then you insult them, while showing off how insightful you are.
House : Sevens marry sevens, nines marry nines, fours marry fours.
House : Maybe there's some wiggle room
House : if there's enough money or somebody got pregnant.
House : But you've got at least three points on your husband,
House : and your frock says you didn't do it for the money,
House : and your breasts say that you haven't had any kids.
Woman : So you figure my marriage is a mathematical error?
House : Numbers don't lie.
House : We're having trouble finding out what infection your husband has,
UNK: and the most likely culprit is an STD.
Woman : You want to know if I've had an affair with someone closer to my integer,
Woman : and I have to tell you the truth or my husband will die.
House : Is your friend single?
UNK: No. And I've always been faithful.
UNK: I would've bet money something would go wrong.
Foreman : Let's rotate him back.
Foreman : He's bleeding into his ocular orbit.
Chase : LP wouldn't do this.
Chase : Lots of pressure behind. Gotta relieve it.
Woman : What's going on? What are they doing?
House : I should go.
House : I seem to have torn my stitches.
Jack : You collapsed in the hall, tore your stitches.
House : I remember. I was there.
Jack : How's your gut? It's hurting?
House : You shoot the guy who sold her the gun?
Jack : She locked herself in the garage, and she started the car.
House : You shoot the guy who sold her the garage-door opener?
Foreman : You're an ass.
Jack : Now that is a bold position to take given that I shot you.
House : The shooting just makes you an idiot.
House : You're an ass because you're trying to wrap it in the flag,
House : like you did a good thing.
Jack : You're an ass and a hypocrite.
Jack : You don't believe in rules. You do whatever you think is right.
UNK: That's all I did. You were my role model.
House : Watch out, you're getting crumbs on the flag.
House : I didn't commit to honor her. I didn't commit to never lie to her.
UNK: If you'd kept your mouth shut, she'd be alive, and you wouldn't be shot.
UNK: If you'd kept your pistols in your pants...
Jack : It's my fault she's dead!
Cuddy : I know it.
UNK: But why can't you admit that it's maybe just a little bit yours, too?
Jack : That maybe it's not just medical mistakes that screw things up.
House : Here's how life works.
House : You either get to ask for an apology, or you get to shoot people. Not both.
House : Infections don't make your eyes pop out.
Chase : We should get back. You're supposed be chained to your bed.