House : Relax, Cameron.
House : I'm not going to cut you.
UNK: I just wanna show what this puppy can do.
UNK: It can make one-millimeter incisions.
UNK: You don't know how small that is?
UNK: It's small even in metric.
House : If I do something that doesn't make sense, even to you,
House : stop me.
House : Delicate, no?
UNK: House.
House : Does that hurt?
House : Seen enough.
UNK: No.
House : That wasn't a question.
House : You either do this, or you die.
Jack : You've wasted your life.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: If only I'd spent more time dedicating myself
House : to finding someone worthy to shoot.
UNK: If I had killed you, would it have mattered?
UNK: Not to me. Have you got a pen?
UNK: You don't care if you live or die?
House : I care because I live. I can't care if I'm dead.
Jack : I don't want to hear semantics.
House : You anti-semantic bastard.
Jack : Would anybody care that the world lost that wit?
House : Working here.
Jack : That's all right. You don't have to say anything.
Jack : Just let me soak into your subconscious.
Jack : You think that the only truth that matters
Jack : is the truth that can be measured.
Jack : Good intentions don't count. What's in your heart doesn't count.
Jack : Caring doesn't count.
UNK: But a man's life can be measured
Jack : by how many tears are shed when he dies.
UNK: Just because you can't measure them,
UNK: just because you don't want to measure them,
Jack : doesn't mean it's not real.
House : That does not make sense.
Jack : And even if I'm wrong, you're still miserable.
Jack : Did you really think that your life's purpose
Jack : was to sacrifice yourself and get nothing in return?
UNK: No.
Jack : You believe there's no purpose to anything.
Jack : Even the lives you save, you dismiss.
Jack : You turn the one decent thing in your life
Jack : and you taint it, strip it of all meaning.
Jack : You're miserable for nothing.
UNK: And I don't know why you'd want to live.
House : I'm sorry.
House : I know what's wrong.
Cameron : House, get out of here, you're not sterile.
House : He'll be fine.
UNK: Great.
Chase : What's he got?
House : How come you guys have never tried to yank me off this case?
House : I'm having hallucinations, blackouts.
Foreman : But you're always insane, and you're always right.
House : I'm almost always eventually right.
House : You have no way of knowing when eventually is.
House : Every time I've had an epiphany on this one,
House : you guys were right on board.
House : No challenges, nothing to explain.
House : No offense, but either you guys are getting smarter or I'm getting dumber.
Chase : We've worked with you long enough to know...
House : I know the test results even before you enter the room.
House : We have identical knowledge.
House : How is that possible?
Jack : You're wrong.
House : If something doesn't make sense,
House : one of your assumptions has to be wrong.
UNK: Because if it doesn't make sense, it can't be real.
House : But what if the faulty assumption is that it's real?
Jack : House, you're losing it.
House : I've lost it.
House : Why did you stop me?
Chase : Because I think you're going to kill him.