UNK: This stomach kills me, my neck is throbbing.
House : My leg feels better.
Cuddy : That's amazing.
House : It's unbelievable.
House : Since getting shot is not an FDA-approved treatment for anything,
House : it means something must've gone wrong in the surgery.
Cuddy : Yes, terribly, tragically wrong.
Cuddy : Enjoy the mistake.
House : He must have nicked something in my peripheral nervous system.
House : If it's alleviating pain, who knows what else it's doing?
Cuddy : Get back to the ICU before you rip out your stitches,
Cuddy : and I have to chain you to your bed.
House : Why did you try to kill me?
Cameron : I didn't.
House : Then the gun thing might have been a mistake.
UNK: If I'd have killed you, it would have been over.
UNK: I needed you to live,
Jack : 'cause I want to see you suffer.
Foreman : Get the needle out of there.
Chase : He can't breathe.
UNK: House.
Cameron : The test was negative.
Chase : Are you sure you want to be doing this?
House : I'm fine, I think.
UNK: Cameron, have you got my records?
Cameron : They don't like to release patient's operative notes.
House : Yet you're holding them.
House : And whispering.
Cameron : He's sleeping.
House : Yeah, killer needs his rest.
House : Otherwise, he's grumpy all day.
House : Hey, wake up!
House : Watch me save a life.
Foreman : Almost for sure it's some sort of infection.
Foreman : We've got him on broad-spectrum antibiotics,
Foreman : but it's not even slowing the thing down.
UNK: Unless we figure out what type of infection, we can't treat.
Foreman : And we can't figure out what type because we can't do an LP.
Cameron : Do an LP.
House : See what I did there? Couldn't have done that if you'd killed me.
Foreman : We'd have done an LP two days ago if we could have,
Foreman : but that much pressure, something's bound to...
UNK: We would've done an LP two days ago
Chase : if the risks hadn't so obviously outweighed the benefits.
Chase : We just cut a hole in his throat. The equation has changed.
House : Couldn't have put it better myself.
UNK: Pressure is 120 milliliters,
UNK: H2O, with small, visible excursions related to respiration and pulse.
Chase : Well within normal, that's good.
Foreman : No. That's weird.
Jack : You wanna hear a story?
House : I have a rule.
House : People who shoot me forfeit the right...
Jack : My wife was sick.
Jack : None of the doctors could figure out why.
House : Oh, I know this story.
House : She died.
House : So you selected one of her doctors to kill,
House : because that would make everything right again.
Jack : No, she lived. You cured her.
House : I'm truly sorry I did that.
Jack : In the course of investigating her illness,
Jack : you convinced me that everything was relevant.
Jack : You needed the truth.
Jack : I confessed to you that I'd had an affair.
UNK: But it turns out that it had nothing to do with why she was sick.
Jack : Genetic predisposition to brain aneurysms.
Jack : You told her that.
Jack : You also told her about my affair.
UNK: And you caught crap, she left you,
UNK: and now I've got to pay
House : because you couldn't keep your little killer in your pants.
Jack : She killed herself.
UNK: What sort of a hospital has glass walls?
UNK: That's my husband.
UNK: Really?
Woman : You thought I just liked watching people get needles poked in the back?
UNK: No. I figured a co-worker or a sister, not wife.