UNK: Are you getting aroused?
UNK: No! Not that part!
UNK: Oh, God, it hurts!
UNK: It's not stopping!
Chase : Surgeons found no evidence of a burst artery.
House : The blood had to come from somewhere, you took a shower in it.
UNK: Trauma?
UNK: Do you think someone snuck in here just to kick him in the jewels
House : and poke out his eye and swell up his tongue?
House : Keep riding.
UNK: I got a bet with my physio that I can do 100 klicks by Friday.
House : What about blood from the kidneys?
Cameron : Kidneys drain into the bladder, which drains into the ureter.
Cameron : There's no way it would mess with the scrotum.
House : Yeah, basic human anatomy.
House : Therefore, I think it's safe to assume that the problem lies elsewhere.
House : But given that this case doesn't make any kind of sense whatsoever,
House : maybe we should even question the basics.
Chase : Maybe he's not human?
House : An anatomical defect would seem more likely, but let's not rule that one out.
Foreman : Even more likely, he is human, his anatomy is where it's supposed to be,
Foreman : but he has testicular cancer.
Cameron : We tested for cancer.
Cameron : We tested the lymph system in his chest.
UNK: Surgeons found no growths.
Foreman : Surgeon was trying to put everything back where it was.
UNK: They weren't doing an inventory.
Wilson : May have been lucky. You don't catch testicular cancer early, it kills.
Wilson : - Probably eroded some vessel. - Yeah, yeah, I know.
UNK: The question is why I didn't think of it.
UNK: Well, eyes popping out is a rather odd presentation.
House : Sac blowing up, on the other hand...
Wilson : If you could think of everything yourself,
Wilson : you wouldn't need a team to annoy.
House : I screwed up some basic anatomy,
UNK: and I missed connecting a testicular explosion with a testicular problem.
UNK: You think there's any way I would've done that
House : before Cuddy messed with my brain?
Wilson : She was trying to help you, and it worked.
House : Yeah, I can run like the wind, but I can't think.
UNK: And seeing as how I'm too old to become a professional athlete,
UNK: it looks to me as if she screwed me over big time.
Wilson : You don't want a healthy leg.
House : Oh, here we go.
UNK: If you've got a good life, if you're healthy, you've got no reason to bitch.
Wilson : - No reason to hate life. - Here's the flaw in your argument.
UNK: If I enjoy hating life, I don't hate life, I enjoy it.
Wilson : I didn't say it was rational.
UNK: HIV testing is 99% accurate,
Wilson : which means there are some people who test positive,
Wilson : who live with their own impending doom for months or years
Wilson : before finding out everything's okay.
Wilson : Weirdly, most of them don't react with happiness, or even anger.
Wilson : They get depressed.
Wilson : Not because they wanted to die,
Wilson : but because they've defined themselves by their disease.
UNK: Suddenly what made them them isn't real.
House : I don't define myself by my leg.
Wilson : No. You have taken it one step further.
Wilson : The only way you could come to terms with your disability
UNK: was to somehow make it mean nothing.
Wilson : So you had to redefine everything.
Wilson : You have dismissed anything physical,
Wilson : anything not coldly, calculatingly intellectual.
House : Why are you protecting her?
Wilson : Because she's done nothing wrong.
House : You're completely comfortable with what she did to me?
Wilson : Yeah, I am. Yeah.
House : You agonize over moral choices.
UNK: You're not completely comfortable with anything
House : until you've taken days to get your head around every possible side.
House : I've known what she did for six hours.
House : How come you're acting like you've known for days?
House : What do I have?
Cuddy : - You're not sick. - What do I have?
Cuddy : You need to calm down!
House : - I have my brain! That's it! - We were trying to help you.
House : Yeah, nobody tries to screw up, they just do.
Cuddy : You were out of control. You were shooting morphine.
House : I can make people better.
UNK: And you two decide to trade that for jogging shoes!