UNK: If you're suffering from side-effects, then we can look at that.
House : You value the physical so much.
House : Let me put this in terms you can understand.
Wilson : You're unbelievable.
Wilson : Even when you're out of your mind with anger and fear,
Wilson : you still couch it in logical terms.
Wilson : - Are you hallucinating? - Yeah, I'm hallucinating.
Wilson : No, I mean right now.
Wilson : Are you hallucinating?
House : - How did you know I was... - You were yelling at me.
Jack : - You were calling me Wilson. - No.
Jack : You're losing it, House.
UNK: - I never call Wilson by his name. - Yeah, right.
UNK: Now the hallucinator is going to tell the hallucinatee what happened.
House : You're not the hallucinatee. Wilson was the hallucinatee.
Jack : You think maybe you're focusing on the wrong thing here?
House : Cuddy's office was the hallucinatee. The bathroom was the hallucinatee.
Jack : Bathroom. It figures.
House : What figures?
Jack : You wet your bed.
House : Damn it.
Cameron : - Test was negative. - No.
UNK: AFP and beta HCG say no testicular cancer.
House : So, let's recap. We've just ruled out everything,
House : which doesn't make sense.
UNK: So the answer has to be something that doesn't make sense.
House : Do a cystoscopy. Make sure he's human.
Cameron : - The test was negative. - For him being human?
Chase : Everything was right where it's supposed to be.
Chase : All the tubes go where they're supposed to go.
Foreman : Most likely scenario, some kind of bacterial prostatitis.
UNK: Did you find out if his father hunched?
House : His father have trouble peeing?
House : His father have sex with his own mother?
UNK: If the answers to any of those questions is yes, assume you're right.
UNK: If the answers are no, assume you're right,
House : but biopsy some prostate lymphs just to be sure.
Cameron : But then we'd have to cut through his stomach,
Cameron : and since he's clearly got a bleeding problem, this kind of surgery...
Foreman : He doesn't clearly have anything.
House : How did I get here?
Chase : What are you talking about?
House : I was in the ICU,
House : and then I was coming down these stairs with you guys.
House : What happened in between?
House : I don't remember how I got here.
House : I'm taking myself off my case.
UNK: Your patient is in critical care. He's had a fever unabated for two...
House : I think I'm losing my mind.
House : I'm having blackouts.
Cuddy : - You said you weren't having any... - I lied.
Cuddy : If you are doing this to scare me, you made your point.
Cuddy : Next time you get shot, I promise to only treat the bullet wounds.
House : I'm off the case.