UNK: and that this is all a trap?
Fowler : Then they wouldn't be meeting at the Widmark Hotel.
Fowler : We were very careful.
Fowler : No one knows she's made contact with us.
UNK: Still, there's the risk that they could see Detective Beckett
Gates : and realize that she's not Elena.
Fowler : In the text, they asked Elena to wear a red scarf.
Fowler : Which tells us that they don't know her on sight.
Fowler : My people will be in place watching every move you make.
Fowler : We can even fit you with a monitored mic if you like.
Fowler : Detective, something big is going on out there
Fowler : and this is our best chance to find out what.
Fowler : But the meeting is in two hours.
Fowler : So, I need your answer.
UNK: GUNFIRE ON COMPUTER
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGS
UNK: MAN ON COMPUTER : Reinforcements...
UNK: Castle.
Beckett : Wow, you sound like you are getting a lot of writing done.
Castle : I blame you for that.
Castle : When are you coming back?
UNK: Uh, I don't know, a couple of hours. I have a meeting.
Beckett : Don't ask me what it is.
UNK: Well, now I have to ask.
UNK: Look, I have to get going, I should be back in time for dinner.
Beckett : Maybe we can have a glass of wine together.
Castle : I will decant something amazing.
UNK: Okay. I love you, bye.
Gates : I have to tell you, I don't care
Gates : for Captain Fowler's hard-sell tactics.
Gates : This is a narcotics operation. It's not your problem.
UNK: So, you can walk away and I'll take the heat.
UNK: Thank you, sir, but I can handle this.
Gates : Then they're ready to review the plan and give you a final briefing.
FOWLER : Remember, don't move like a cop.
UNK: Fowler voiceover : You're Elena, you're intimidated by these guys.
UNK: Fowler voiceover : They've been leveraging you for two months.
UNK: Fowler voiceover : There will be five plainclothes officers in the lobby
UNK: Fowler voiceover : and more throughout the hotel.
UNK: Fowler voiceover : Head to the north elevator and go to the 11th floor.
UNK: Fowler voiceover : The meet is in room 1123.
UNK: Fowler voiceover : Undercover officers up there will have your back.
UNK: Fowler voiceover : Stay calm.
UNK: Fowler voiceover : Memorize names and faces of whomever you meet