UNK: Went through life like he was
UNK: expecting to win the Good Sportsman award on trophy night.
Beckett : Cut the crap, Coonan.
Beckett : We know all about your heroin triangle.
Beckett : Afghanistan, Hong Kong, New York.
Beckett : And we also know that you hired an assassin named Rathborne
Beckett : to kill your brother before he went to the feds about you.
Coonan : Prove it.
UNK: Are you okay?
Beckett : Ten years since we came home and found that detective waiting for us.
Beckett : Ten years since we crossed that yellow tape and went into that alley.
Beckett : And every time I cross the tape at a crime scene, I think of that night.
UNK: Well, that's what makes you such a good cop.
Beckett : What if I let her down?
Castle : Do you know why I chose you as my inspiration for Nikki Heat?
Beckett : No. Why?
Castle : Because you're tall.
Castle : Now go in there and do your job.
Beckett : I have forensic accountants
UNK: digging through your organization, Mr. Coonan.
Beckett : If there's evidence of heroin trafficking, they will find it.
Beckett : But that's not your biggest problem right now.
Beckett : Hiring an assassin like Rathborne shows premeditation
Beckett : and that makes this a special circumstance case,
Beckett : which qualifies you for the needle.
Beckett : Now, I am willing to take the special circumstance allegations off the table
Beckett : if you give me Rathborne.
Coonan : The only special circumstance here, Detective,
Coonan : is your complete lack of evidence against me.
Beckett : I have Johnny Vong.
UNK: The guy with the phony accent and the real estate scam?
UNK: Is that the best you could do?
Beckett : Are you really willing to bet your life
Beckett : that Vong can't hold his mud, Mr. Coonan?
Beckett : Give me the killer and I will put the DA in the mood for a second-degree plea.
Coonan : When we first met, you told me you'd been on the other side of this.
UNK: Remember?
Coonan : Now, could that be why you seem
Coonan : so eager to get your hands on this mysterious assassin?
UNK: Because if I had to guess, I'd say that someone close to you was murdered,
Coonan : and you think Rathborne had something to do with it.
Coonan : But I don't have to guess, do I?
Coonan : Because it's all over your face.
Beckett : That still doesn't change the fact that you're guilty of murder.
Coonan : Maybe not,
Coonan : but for the low, low price of transactional immunity,
Coonan : I can give you the closure you've been seeking.
Coonan : You get Rathborne, and I walk.
Coonan : And that, Detective, is my final offer.
Montgomery : Transactional immunity, Paul. And I'm inclined to give it to him.
Montgomery : Rathborne has killed five that we know of,
Montgomery : including the mother of one of my people.
Montgomery : It's one of our own, Paul.
Montgomery : I remember that used to mean something in this town.
Lanie : - Well? - He went for it.
UNK: The District Attorney is gonna offer Coonan immunity
Montgomery : if he gives us Rathborne.
Montgomery : I hope you know what the hell you're doing.
Beckett : - Describe him. - About my height.
Coonan : Just so average he's almost invisible.
Beckett : - How did you meet? - We were in the service together.
Coonan : They said he'd been killed back in a training exercise in '95.
Coonan : But then, about a year ago, I'm sitting at a bar
Coonan : and I glance across and I'm looking at a ghost.
UNK: It turns out he'd actually been recruited back then, not killed,
Coonan : to do, you know, the bad stuff that governments like to deny.
Beckett : How'd you hire him?
Coonan : He'd given me the number to his answering service in the Caymans.
UNK: Then they provided me with a single-use e-mail address,
UNK: a numbered account.
Coonan : E-mailed him the name of his target, wired him the money and waited.
UNK: Okay. Here's the deal.
Beckett : You're going to contact Rathborne with a contract on Vong.
UNK: You're gonna tell him that the police are taking him to the DA's office
Beckett : for a deposition, that he can't make it there alive.
Coonan : It doesn't work like that.
Coonan : He wants his money up front. It's 100 grand, non-negotiable.
Coonan : A hundred grand? The city is never gonna agree to that.
UNK: Look, you wanna catch her killer, the price is 100 grand.
Beckett : I can't just shoot that kind of money out into space
UNK: without any hope of getting it back.
Castle : - You can't. I can. This one's on me. - Castle.
Castle : - Do we have a deal? - We do.
UNK: Coonan's Lawyer : But my client's immunity kicks in
UNK: Coonan's Lawyer : the moment Rathborne accepts the contract.
UNK: Coonan's Lawyer : Once the wire transfer is complete.
Beckett : As soon as Rathborne takes the job, your part is done.
Coonan : - And I walk? - And you walk.
Beckett : Rathborne has taken the bait.
Beckett : Now for today's performance, the role of Johnny Vong
Beckett : will be played by Officer Clayton Lee.
UNK: Officer Clayton Lee : We who are about to die salute you.