UNK: So you sure you don't wanna stay in the car?
Castle : - No way. - Okay.
Beckett : Keep your mouth shut and try to butch up a little.
Beckett : - I'm looking for Finn Rourke. - Is that right?
Barman : Well, as far as I'm concerned,
Barman : you and your wife there can keep looking.
Beckett : This is the part where I tell you that one phone call from me,
Beckett : and the Department of Health will be down here.
UNK: You'll be shut down for 30 days, I guarantee it.
UNK: Do you really wanna do that to your boss?
Beckett : It's not like I'm asking you to cough up...
UNK: Go on now. Can't hear the game. Tommy, pint for the pretty boy, yeah?
UNK: Finn Rourke : Settle his stomach.
UNK: Thanks.
Beckett : Mr. Rourke, I'm Detective Kate Beckett. I'm here about Jack Coonan.
UNK: And so you are.
Beckett : - When did you last see Jack Coonan? - I don't remember.
Rourke : In fact, none of us remember.
UNK: And I think you'll find the Department of Health
Rourke : take a very liberal attitude to my establishment.
Rourke : And this is the part where I tell you to pound sand, Detective.
Beckett : Step away.
UNK: - Are you okay? - Me?
UNK: Mario Mendoza : No, I'm good.
Beckett : Mario Mendoza, also known as Trucho.
Beckett : You did four years upstate for distribution in Queens
UNK: - and you just got off of parole. - Congratulations.
UNK: I got a dead Westie on my hands
Beckett : and it looked like you were about to join.
UNK: So, you want to tell me what you were doing
Beckett : in Finn Rourke's back room?
Mendoza : - Can I be real with you? - Please do.
Mendoza : I had too much to drink and I accidentally fell.
Beckett : - You fell? - I fell.
UNK: Well, then how'd you get that mouse on your eye?
Mendoza : - I ran into the wall. - How'd you burn your hand?
Mendoza : After I ran into the wall and I fell, I put my hand down on the grill
Mendoza : just to break my fall.
Castle : Well, thanks for keeping it real.
Beckett : Look, I get it. The whole street code thing, and all.
Beckett : But in my experience, Mario, guys like you
Beckett : end up catching another case sooner or later.
Beckett : And when you do, wouldn't you like to have
Beckett : a detective on your side?
Mendoza : No, thanks. I'm good.
UNK: Officer Gilbert Mazzara : He was my collar from back in the day. Guy ran dope for the Latin Kings.
UNK: Officer Gilbert Mazzara : - Latin Kings? - It's a violent street gang.
Beckett : They mostly peddle girls and drugs.
UNK: Yeah, Trucho's their blade man, real handy with the knife.
Mazzara : We never popped him for murder,
UNK: but I met plenty of folks with fingers missing.