UNK: And he's hard-up to trade them in to the Bureau
Beckett : for a quick trip into the waiting arms of WitSec.
Castle : - Who was Coonan offering up? - Never found out.
Lanie : Well, whoever it was must've gotten wind of it.
Beckett : And then killed Coonan before he had a chance
Beckett : to deliver them to the FBI.
Esposito : The Westies are a bit like the rogue state of Iran
Forrest : and the great state of Texas.
Forrest : They're not too shy in handing out the death penalty.
Beckett : And talking to the FBI is definitely a capital offense.
Beckett : We need to talk to Finn Rourke again.
UNK: Finn Rourke : An angel visited Jackie's home two nights ago.
UNK: Finn Rourke : Same angel as took the Pharaoh's first-born.
UNK: Finn Rourke : Now I know some of you think you don't know the Angel of Death.
UNK: Finn Rourke : But trust me, lads. He knows you.
UNK: - So, here's to our darling Jackie. To Jackie.
UNK: If he's up in heaven now, you can be sure he broke in
UNK: when they was at vespers.
UNK: Come to honor the dead, I hope.
UNK: Finn Rourke : If not, I'll thank you to move away out of this place.
Beckett : You're lying.
Beckett : You know exactly what happened to Jack Coonan.
Beckett : That once-over that you gave Trucho was just a piece of theater
Beckett : to throw them all off, just like your eulogy.
Rourke : - Now you be careful, Detective. - Or else what?
Beckett : You'll kill me just like you killed Coonan
Beckett : after he went to the feds about you?
UNK: Enough! I'll not have you slander him like this.
Rourke : - Not tonight. - I got it straight from the FBI.
Beckett : Jack reached out to them just before he died.
Castle : He turned on you, didn't he?
UNK: Finn Rourke : You don't know what you're talking about, boy-o.
UNK: Jackie Coonan was loyal to his last breath.
Rourke : He died in a state of grace.
Rourke : Even if what you say is true,
UNK: you can be sure Jackie wasn't talking to the Gs about any of us.
Beckett : How can you be so sure?
Rourke : You've heard of me.
Rourke : You've heard I'm a gangster and a thief, surely.
Rourke : You've heard I've killed men. But you answer me this, Detective.
Rourke : Have you ever heard Finn Rourke running drugs?
Rourke : Someone was bringing it in here, into my neighborhood, my backyard.
UNK: I sent Jackie to find the bastards behind it.
Rourke : Find them and punish them, according to our rules.
Castle : Only they punished him instead.
UNK: Yeah. That they did.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: If you've probable cause, I suggest you arrest me now.
UNK: Finn Rourke : If not, I'll remind you this is a private party,
Rourke : and I'll thank you to get the hell out of my place!
UNK: Another.
Beckett : Give her a minute, Castle.
Beckett : She can't just follow us out, it'd be too obvious.
Castle : - You noticed her? - I'm a homicide detective.
Beckett : If there's one thing I know how to spot, it's a lady looking to unburden herself.
Castle : She's looking for us.
Beckett : No, no, no. Don't honk, Deep Throat. You'll spook her.
UNK: Molly Dearing : - Hi. I'm Molly. - Hi, Molly, I'm Kate.
Beckett : Can we maybe give you a lift somewhere?
Molly : Anywhere but here.
Molly : Of course I knew Jack's reputation.
UNK: It's part of what attracted me to him.
UNK: What?
Molly : You telling me you never had a thing for bad boys, Kate?
Beckett : No comment.
Castle : So, Jack never mentioned going to the FBI?
Molly : Jack never discussed business. But I knew he wanted out.
Molly : We talked about going somewhere far away.
Molly : Last week, Jack warned me he might get there first.
Castle : - Jack saw this coming? - We spent every night together.
Molly : He couldn't get to sleep without me next to him.
Molly : But last week, he wouldn't even let me come over.
Molly : Anybody but Jack, and I'd have thought he had something going on the side.
Beckett : That never crossed your mind?
Molly : This is the last thing Jack ever gave me
Molly : on the last night I ever spent with him.
Molly : Jack said if things broke bad, he wanted me to give this to the police.