Castle : So was there bad blood between them?
Mazzara : Yeah, they're like the Hatfields and McCoys of Hell's Kitchen.
UNK: So the Westies figured that the Latin Kings killed Coonan.
Beckett : And they snatch their blade guy
Beckett : and bring him in for a little enhanced interrogation.
Castle : - Which no one wants to admit to. - Uh-huh.
Beckett : In my experience,
Mazzara : if Finn went all Gitmo on him, it was for a reason.
Mazzara : You got a Westie with holes in him, Trucho's probably your guy.
Esposito : He's right.
Esposito : We found Trucho's vehicle in an alley behind a little bodega in Rego Park.
Esposito : - It's a big dope spot. - And he left his little letter opener
Ryan : tucked behind the driver's side sun visor.
Lanie : - That's not it. - You didn't even look.
Lanie : Sure I did. It's a stiletto, four-inch Damascus blade,
UNK: and it's way too small to make these wounds.
Castle : Well, maybe he used a different knife.
Lanie : - Just how tall is this Trucho? - He's 5'6".
Castle : - Standing on his toes. - Then he's not your guy.
Lanie : Thrust angle on these wounds indicate Coonan's killer was over six-foot.
Castle : Well, maybe instead of using a stiletto, he was wearing stilettos.
Beckett : Excuse me.
UNK: Beckett. How close are you?
Beckett : - Hey. - Hey.
UNK: You okay?
UNK: Yeah, thanks. Bye.
Lanie : I'm fine.
Beckett : Tech's got some hits off of Coonan's phone.
Beckett : Maybe they can shed some light.
Beckett : - Thank you, Lanie. - Mmm-hmm.
UNK: The last call that Coonan made
UNK: was to a New York landline. Because of the damage to the SIM,
Ryan : it's missing the last two digits of the phone number.
UNK: Well, that's 99 possibilities.
UNK: We better get dialing. Ryan, I'm looking at you.
Esposito : We know the numbers are all from the same phone tree.
Ryan : Here's where it gets interesting.
Ryan : They all trace back to the New York office
Ryan : of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
Beckett : What's an Irish street thug doing talking to the FBI?
Esposito : Yo, Beckett. The FBI agent's here.
UNK: Wasn't that DVD supposed to be booked in as possible evidence?
UNK: Uh... Yeah, but, you know, I thought there might be something...
Beckett : - Put it back. - Okay.
Beckett : I appreciate your coming down, Agent Forrest.
Beckett : Most of your FBI colleagues would expect the locals to come to them.
UNK: Agent Forrest : Most of my colleagues worry about hair products and press conferences
UNK: Agent Forrest : when they should be out catching bad men.
Castle : I take it you're not from around these parts.
Forrest : No, sir. I'm not.
Forrest : But for my many sins,
Forrest : the Bureau has transferred me here to New York.
Beckett : How did you come into contact with Jack Coonan?
Forrest : He reached out to us about a week ago.
Castle : And you signed him on as an informant.
Forrest : - Nope. - Why not?
Forrest : 'Cause all there were, were overtures, and I wasn't about to trade
Forrest : the family cow for a bunch of magic beans.
Castle : - You didn't trust him. - When a case like Coonan
Forrest : reaches out to the Bureau, it's usually 'cause he crossed his bosses.