UNK: Detective Javier Esposito : Meet the late Jack Coonan.
UNK: Detective Kate Beckett : Why is that name familiar?
UNK: Detective Kevin Ryan : 'Cause it probably crossed over all our desks a dozen times
UNK: Detective Kevin Ryan : in the last few years. Aggravated assault, ADW, arson.
Esposito : Coonan had a heavy rep.
Esposito : Word is he's an enforcer for the Westies.
UNK: Okay, remind me. Who are the Westies, again?
UNK: Richard Castle : Irish mafia out of Hell's Kitchen.
Beckett : They deal in cargo theft, counterfeiting, extortion.
Ryan : And public urination on Saint Patrick's Day.
Esposito : Our boy Coonan also had a home security system.
UNK: 12 gauge, hollow-point.
Beckett : That thing could stop a Kodiak in Kevlar.
Beckett : Who did he think was coming through the door?
Lanie : Well, whoever it was left him leaking from about 30 holes
Lanie : that don't normally appear in a healthy 35-year-old male.
UNK: 9-millimeter SIG still in his waistband.
Castle : Didn't even have time to pull it out.
Beckett : This guy was armed and ready. Whoever got him was very, very good.
Castle : Ninja assassin.
Castle : Ninja assassin? Isn't that kind of redundant?
Esposito : Aren't all ninjas by definition assassins?
Castle : Fine, Webster and Roget.
Castle : Our ninja, assassination implied by definition,
Castle : scales the building, slips in through this window
Castle : and then hides himself, I don't know, about...
Castle : Hey, look at this. Our victim's a Johnny Vong fan.
Esposito : Someone actually bought those tapes? What?
Ryan : Who's Johnny Vong?
Esposito : Come on, you're kidding me.
Castle : Every insomniac in New York knows who Johnny Vong is.
Castle : His infomercial runs all night.
UNK: Vong/castle/esposito : - I own a boat! - I own a boat!
Beckett : I'm sorry. Do you guys mind
Beckett : if we finish dealing with the dead guy on the carpet?
Lanie : Beckett, cell phone.
Lanie : Looks like it took a direct hit from the knife.
Beckett : Have Tech pull the SIM card. I wanna know who Coonan
Beckett : was talking to before he died.
Beckett : - Ryan? - Huh?
UNK: Did My brother suffer?
UNK: Yes.
Coonan : Thank you for your honesty. I guess you could have lied to me.
Beckett : No, I couldn't.
Beckett : I've been on your side of the table and when I was,
Beckett : what I needed most was the truth.
UNK: I build schools in Afghanistan.
UNK: I give kids over there a fighting chance. I get all this recognition.
UNK: And here's my big brother, Jackie,
UNK: the guy who taught me to fight for the little guy.
Coonan : - What does he get? - Worse than he deserved.
Coonan : I make no excuses for the things my brother did.
Coonan : But growing up, we were on our own a lot.
UNK: Jackie was the toughest kid on the block.
Coonan : That's what first brought him to Rourke's attention.
Beckett : - Finn Rourke? - Mmm.
Beckett : He runs the Westies. What did he actually do for Finn?
UNK: Jackie never said.
UNK: But whatever it was, pretty sure it got him killed.
Beckett : Castle, these Westies can be pretty rough.