UNK: Beckett.
UNK: Kate.
UNK: Katie.
UNK: Hey, Dad. Hi.
Jim : So, what have you found?
Beckett : I don't know yet.
Jim : - But enough to scare you. - Yeah.
Jim : I didn't sleep well that whole first year after you got out of the academy.
Jim : I'd hear sirens in the night and imagine you off in the darkness someplace.
Jim : I had nightmares where it swallowed you whole.
UNK: Dad, I don't wanna lose this one.
Jim : Your mother always said that life never delivers anything that we can't handle.
UNK: I mean, she lived by that, you know.
UNK: Called it "Johanna's Immutable Law of the Universe."
Jim : And for years, I thought she was wrong.
Jim : Because I couldn't handle losing her.
Jim : Now, I can almost hear her whisper,
UNK: - "I told you so." - Four of Mom's favorite words.
Jim : Look, she was a devout believer in the truth.
Jim : And if she were here right now, she'd tell you the truth can never hurt you.
UNK: You know, this may be your mother's way of reaching out to you, Katie.
Jim : And reminding you that the truth is still your weapon to wield.
Jim : Not theirs.
Beckett : - Hey. - Hey.
Beckett : - Come in. - Thank you.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : - Hang in there, kiddo. - Thank you, Martha.
Martha : Leftovers in the fridge. Upstairs if you need us.
UNK: Please.
Castle : I will do anything that you need,
Castle : including nothing, if that's what you want.
Beckett : What I want is to find my mother's killer.
Castle : Well, then we need to break Johnny Vong.
Beckett : So, let's break him.
Beckett : I owe you an apology, Mr. Vong.
Beckett : Apparently, in my haste, I forgot to read you your Miranda rights.
Beckett : You're free to go.
Vong : No! I remember distinctly, you read them to me.
Vong : And I waived them all. You did. She did.
Vong : - You remember, right? - Sorry, man. It's a rookie mistake.
Vong : No, wait! You can't. You can't do this.
Vong : If I walk out of here now, he'll think I'm cooperating with the cops.
Vong : I'll be dead by morning.
Beckett : Yes, you will.
Beckett : Or you can tell me who you're working for and I will protect you.
Vong : Dick Coonan. I work for Dick.
Beckett : You're telling me Jack Coonan's brother is a drug trafficker?
Vong : He comes off like Jimmy Carter,
UNK: but it was all a scam to funnel money to the warlords with the poppy fields.
Vong : Sure, he'd build a few schools so he had pictures for his donors,
Vong : but most of the money funded his cartel.
Beckett : So, he had access to all the dope he wanted,
Beckett : he just needed a way of getting it into the country.
Vong : You couldn't get an aspirin from Kabul to New York
Vong : without somebody knowing about it, not since 9l11.
UNK: All I had to do was let him package the drugs at my factory in Hong Kong.
UNK: He'd pick up the dirty shipments once they cleared customs.
Castle : And he had the Latin Kings put it on the street.
Vong : Perfect system.
UNK: Well, perfect until Trucho caught a case of stupid
Vong : and started selling in the Westies' territory.
UNK: And then that's what brought Jack sniffing around.
Beckett : Jack threatened to give him to the feds unless he quit.
Castle : - So, Dick killed his own brother. - No.
Vong : Jack had been with the Westies a long time.
UNK: No, he'd grown eyes in the back of his head.
Vong : Dick hired a professional.
Beckett : What's his name?
Vong : - He called him Rathborne. - How do I find him?
Vong : Ask Dick Coonan.
UNK: So, any progress on the son of a bitch who killed my brother?
Beckett : We're close. We think that Jack was killed
Beckett : after Rourke asked him to hunt down a drug dealer.
Castle : Turns out, the Westies have done a pretty good job
Castle : with the war on drugs these past few years.
Castle : Talk about zero tolerance.
Castle : The punishment for dealing drugs in their neighborhood is death.
Beckett : But when he tracked down this dealer, for some reason,
Beckett : Jack didn't have the heart to kill him.
UNK: That is so Jackie. He always led with his chin.