UNK: Only the dealer flips the script,
Esposito : knifes Coonan before he can close the deal with the feds.
Beckett : So then we find the dealer and we find the killer.
Castle : These boxes say the DVDs were packaged in Hong Kong.
Castle : Someone must be slipping the heroin in before they ship.
Beckett : Which means someone on this end had to know
UNK: which boxes contain the drugs.
UNK: And which boxes contain the secret path to financial independence.
UNK: What?
Beckett : It had to be someone in Johnny Vong's organization.
UNK: Yeah! I don't care if you're busboy.
UNK: Johnny Vong : I don't care if you wear the green apron
UNK: Johnny Vong : and serve fancy coffee to a jerk talking on his Bluetooth.
UNK: Johnny Vong : - I was like you once. Love you!
UNK: Johnny Vong : Then I discovered the one secret that changed my whole life.
UNK: Johnny Vong : Who out there is ready?
UNK: This place reminds me of my second wedding.
UNK: Yeah!
Vong : Who is ready to close escrow on a new life?
Esposito : Come on!
Esposito : Don't even think about taking them off. If you do, I will pepper-spray you.
Beckett : - Mr. Vong? - Thank you!
Beckett : Mr. Vong, I'm Detective Kate Beckett with the NYPD.
Beckett : - I'd like to ask you a few questions. - Sure. Sure, sure.
UNK: We believe that one of your employees was smuggling heroin into the country
Beckett : using your supply chain.
Vong : - Smuggle what? - Smack.
Beckett : Would you mind if we looked into your...
UNK: Oh! Ugh!
Beckett : Heroin trafficking. That's good for a 10-year prison bid,
UNK: so I don't blame you for running.
Vong : This is all a big mistake. I never do drugs.
Vong : Drugs are for losers. I'm a businessman.
Vong : I try to help people achieve their goals.
Castle : So long as their goals are to blow 300 bucks
Castle : on your bogus real estate system.
UNK: No, listen, I offer you 30-day money-back guarantee.
Vong : If you don't start building wealth by then,
Vong : I refund all your money, no questions asked.
Ryan : - Man has a point. - Shut up.
UNK: - You don't think, you... - No.
Beckett : Look, here's the deal.
Beckett : I'm not a dope cop, I'm a homicide detective,
Beckett : so usually I don't even bother with your sort of an operation.
Beckett : But my problem, and yours,
Beckett : is the fact that you had Jack Coonan killed
Beckett : in order to hide your heroin smuggling.
UNK: Wait. Jack Coonan's dead?
Castle : Whoa! Careful there, Johnny. Your accent's starting to fade a little.
Vong : Look, I didn't come over on a boat, okay?
Vong : I've never even been to Laos. I'm from Danville, California.
Castle : And this whole Johnny Vong thing?
Vong : No one wants to buy a real estate system from a Harvard MBA.
Vong : But show them an idiot with a Rolls-Royce,
Vong : and they'll knock down doors. So I played Johnny Vong.
Coonan : You know, people want all that Horatio Alger crap,
Vong : - so that's what I give them. - Well, that and heroin.
Beckett : How exactly did you know Jack Coonan?
Vong : Look, whatever you think you know, I promise you I didn't kill Coonan.
Vong : - You have to believe me. - Do I? Nothing about you is real.
UNK: No...
Vong : I needed money to take the program national.
Vong : He needed a way to get product into the country.
Vong : Stupid, but once you make a deal with the devil, you belong to him.
Beckett : Who do you belong to? Who are you working for?
Vong : - He'll kill me. - I can protect you.
UNK: You can't. Nobody can. You don't know what he's capable of.
Vong : You don't believe me, ask Jack Coonan.
UNK: - Look, Mr. Vong, I... - No.
Vong : I'll take my chances in prison.