UNK: We're just gonna stroll on over to the elevator together.
Coonan : Nice and easy.
Beckett : That'll never happen.
Coonan : You make a sound, you attempt a signal,
Coonan : you so much as clear your throat and I'll put a round in this man's liver.
Coonan : And he will die slowly and in considerable pain.
Lee : Let's go.
Coonan : What, no pithy remarks from the peanut gallery?
Coonan : Not so funny facing your own death, is it?
Castle : I don't know, Dick. You tell me.
Castle : Last time I checked, this was a police station.
Beckett : You knew before I arrested you, didn't you?
Beckett : You knew my mom was your victim.
UNK: It wasn't personal, okay? She was just another job.
Beckett : She was my mother. Who hired you to kill her?
UNK: Forget it. You'll never touch them. They'll bury you.
Beckett : Tell me who.
Beckett : No. No! No! Sir! I need him alive.
Coonan : That's right. You do need me. Now, back him off, or Castle dies.
Beckett : Sir, back off. Please.
Montgomery : - You know I can't do that. - Hey!
UNK: You wanna learn who ordered the hit on your mommy,
UNK: you better make sure I make it out of here.
Beckett : Roy, please.
Coonan : That's right, Roy. Nice and easy. Nice and easy.
Esposito : Come on! Four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten.
UNK: One... Stay with me.
Beckett : Three, four... Come on. Stay with me.
Beckett : No! Come on. Stay with me.
Beckett : One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight...
Beckett : Montgomery's post-incident evaluation. You come off like Steven Seagal.
Castle : - Should I be flattered or insulted? - Both.
Castle : I didn't know what you felt like,
UNK: so I got sushi, got some Italian, got some Thai.
Castle : I even grabbed some hot dogs.
Beckett : It wasn't your fault, you know.
Castle : I overstepped.
UNK: I came down here to say that I'm sorry.
Castle : And that I'm through.
Castle : I can't shadow you anymore. If it wasn't for me...
Beckett : If it wasn't for you, I would've never found my mom's killer.
UNK: And someday soon,
UNK: I'm gonna find the sons of bitches who had Coonan kill her.
Beckett : And I'd like you around when I do.
Beckett : And if you tell anyone what I'm about to say,
UNK: there's gonna be another shooting, but...
Beckett : I've gotten used to you pulling my pigtails.
UNK: I have a hard job, Castle, and having you around makes it
Beckett : a little more fun.
Castle : Your secret's safe with me.