UNK: I'd rather lose 10 years of my life than all of it.
Castle : There has to be a way to get it out of him.
Castle : We could force him to watch Paris Hilton videos.
UNK: - You want me brought up on charges? Beckett.
Beckett : - Hey, Lanie. What are you doing here? - It's about the Coonan case.
Lanie : This is Dr. Clark Murray, he's a forensic pathologist.
Lanie : I asked him to consult.
Beckett : I'm Detective Kate Beckett. This is Richard Castle, the novelist.
Castle : We've met.
UNK: Dr Clark Murray : Note the rectangular bruising around these wounds here and here...
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Murray : ...caused by the hilt of the knife
Murray : striking with force enough to compress the skin.
Beckett : And as a result,
Beckett : the injuries penetrate deeper than the actual length of the blade.
Murray : He's also honed the blade so fine
Murray : it's brittle enough for bits to break when it strikes bone,
Murray : which is why slivers of blade were found inside both of his victims.
UNK: We now know those slivers come from the same murder weapon.
Beckett : Wait. Two victims? How many people has he killed?
Lanie : - Five that we know of. - So we're looking at a serial.
UNK: Well, yes and no. We believe we're dealing with a professional.
UNK: Someone with extensive military training.
Beckett : A contract killer?
Murray : I used tomographic reconstruction
Murray : of Coonan's wounds to generate
Murray : a 3-D model of the blade used.
Murray : It's a Special Operations Group knife,
UNK: the kind favored by Special Forces in Gulf War I.
Murray : He kills with a single blow,
Murray : using these other wounds to camouflage the skill
Murray : with which the initial stroke was delivered.
Murray : The very same method and the very same weapon
UNK: that the killer employed 10 years ago.
Beckett : - Lanie... - I'm so sorry.
Murray : Detective Beckett, there is no doubt in my mind
Murray : that Jack Coonan was killed by the same man who murdered your mother.
Beckett : I am the investigator of record on this case.
Beckett : You had no right to withhold evidence from me.
Lanie : Well, what did you expect?
Lanie : The last time Castle tried to talk to you about your mother's murder,
Lanie : - you bit his head off. - Please, Lanie.
Lanie : I noticed the wound similarity.
Lanie : I reached out to Dr. Murray.
Lanie : I held off from telling you until I knew the evidence was rock solid.
Lanie : Beckett, we came to you the moment we were sure.
UNK: Captain Roy Montgomery : Beckett, can I have a word with you?
UNK: Poor man's painkiller.
UNK: Captain Roy Montgomery : I know your mother's murder was the reason you became a cop.
UNK: Captain Roy Montgomery : And I know how you almost lost yourself
UNK: Captain Roy Montgomery : trying to solve her case the first time you tried.
UNK: Captain Roy Montgomery : I figured sooner or later, when you were ready,
UNK: you would wanna take another run at it.
UNK: Captain Roy Montgomery : I just never expected her killer to come around and sucker-punch you like this.
UNK: Captain Roy Montgomery : Kate, listen to me.
UNK: Captain Roy Montgomery : You're the finest homicide I've ever trained, bar none.
UNK: Captain Roy Montgomery : And I want you to stay on this one, if you can. If you're up to it.
UNK: Captain Roy Montgomery : But I wouldn't be doing my job as your captain if I didn't ask.
UNK: Captain Roy Montgomery : Can you handle this?
Beckett : I'm sorry, sir. I can't.