UNK: Yeah.
Esposito : We talked to Cory Harrison's girlfriend.
Esposito : According to her, he was in a good mood
Esposito : when he left her apartment yesterday morning.
UNK: Then something must've happened between home and the restaurant.
Esposito : In fact, something did. We took a look at Cory's routine.
Esposito : Pretty much every morning, he left his apartment,
Esposito : picked up his daughter, took her to preschool,
Esposito : then he'd walk to the bus stop
UNK: where he'd catch the 10-X from Staten Island into the city.
Castle : Ah. Great, Captain, you're here. Did you tell her?
Esposito : I did tell her.
Castle : Good. This is the security video footage from the bus shelter yesterday.
UNK: - Show her the... Thank you. - Yeah.
Ryan : There's our busboy, Cory. Talking to some guy.
Castle : And that is the 10-X bus, but Cory does not get on.
Castle : He is late for work. He risks getting fired just to talk to this guy.
Gates : Well, what do we know about him?
Ryan : Nothing. We can't get a good look at him.
Ryan : It's like he knows where the camera is.
Castle : Right. But this is where it gets interesting. How do I...
Ryan : - That one. - That one.
Gates : Wait. That's the bottle of poison.
Castle : Right. And after he used it to poison the food,
Castle : I'm betting this guy came back and shot him to tie up loose ends.
Castle : He's your killer.
Eric : Look, I wish I could help you, but I simply just don't know him.
UNK: Ryan, we gotta go over that video again.
Beckett : There's gotta be something in it that will help us figure out who he is.
Server : Excuse me.
Castle : Looks as though you two were enjoying yourselves.
UNK: Castle.
Castle : What about pajamas? Homely flannel or skimpy sleep shorts?
Beckett : Oh, my gosh, you're sounding like my dad dropping me off at summer camp.
Castle : Did they serve champagne at your summer camp?
Beckett : I was being polite.
Beckett : Castle, do you think I want this? Do you think I asked to be here?
Castle : I think you're making the best of it.
Beckett : You know I would rather be with you.
Castle : Well, then maybe I should stay. We can protect him together.
Beckett : No, I am not letting you do this.
Beckett : I'm not letting you turn this investigation into some kind of a twisted competition.