Beckett : Look, don't make this harder than it needs to be. Please.
Castle : Okay. But only because you said please.
Esposito : Since we can't get a clean look at this guy's face,
Esposito : I'm hoping there's some other way we might be able to ID him.
UNK: Tech Agent Tory Ellis : Fortunately, we're all much more than our faces, Detective.
Esposito : Harrison's driver's license lists him at 5'10".
UNK: That other guy looks like he's 6'2".
Tory : Posture is an indication of spine curvature.
Tory : I'd say it puts him in his early 40s.
Tory : Watch his hand.
Tory : He makes two distinct movements. First, he grabs Mr. Harrison's arm,
Tory : then he passes him the poison spray.
UNK: He's left-handed.
Tory : And look at his neck.
Esposito : It's a bandage.
UNK: Maybe covering up a recent injury, or a tattoo.
UNK: Yeah.
Ryan : Hey, so I think I know how this guy got Cory to poison the food.
Esposito : Don't say money. I've been through his financials, there's nothing there.
Ryan : It might be something a lot more personal.
Ryan : I canvassed the preschool that Cory's daughter attends.
Ryan : A teacher recognized him when I showed her the screen grab.
UNK: Remembers seeing him hanging around the school the day before.
Esposito : So you think he threatened to hurt the daughter if Cory didn't poison the food?
UNK: It might explain why he was so upset when he got to the restaurant.
Esposito : Where are we on ballistics?
Ryan : Slug from the crime scene is pretty mangled,
Ryan : but it's a possible match to another one in the system.
Ryan : We should know more in a few hours.
UNK: Alexis Castle : Okay, Dad, the box said something about a soothing infusion
UNK: Alexis Castle : of calming herbs.
UNK: Alexis Castle : Anyway, it's a calm tea, and you need to calm down.
Castle : How am I supposed to calm down? It's Eric Vaughn.
Alexis : Dad, Beckett is over the moon for you.
Alexis : So give her a little credit, huh?
Alexis : It's no different than when she was protecting Senator Bracken.
Castle : Yeah, you're right.
UNK: Oh, except for the fact that when it was Bracken,
Castle : they weren't having a slumber party at a fancy hotel.
Castle : And let's face it, compared to Bracken, Eric Vaughn is like George Clooney.