UNK: Now you're dead, so you can suck it!
UNK: Richard Castle : You want more?
UNK: Richard Castle : Come get it, buddy, 'cause I got something special for you.
UNK: And I got something special for you, too.
Castle : Well, that's not looking too good.
Beckett : What? Castle...
UNK: Well, then stick your head up, Patel, and get pwned like a real man.
Beckett : Who's Patel?
Castle : He's this kid from India. He's been thrashing me for weeks.
Castle : But not tonight, 'cause tonight I am bringing it.
Castle : It stings, doesn't it?
UNK: Yeah, it kind of does. Castle!
UNK: What?
Beckett : Would you rather play with a kid in an imaginary world,
UNK: or with... In the real world?
UNK: I...
Beckett : Oh, my God!
UNK: What?
Beckett : Oh, my God! You actually have to think about this!
UNK: No.
UNK: No, I don't have to think about it. Come on over here.
Beckett : - Are you kidding me? - What?
Beckett : You know what? Forget it.
Castle : - Seriously, I died on purpose for you. - Whatever.
Castle : Come on. What?
UNK: No, I... It's not my mom, it's worse.
UNK: Yeah. See you Thursday.
Castle : I'm sorry. You know how I get when I'm gaming.
Castle : I was in the zone. I was like Gretzky.
Beckett : Well, at least Gretzky knew how to score.
Castle : Ouch. Okay.
UNK: Look, again, I'm very, very sorry. Do you forgive me?
Beckett : You know, Castle, it wasn't too long ago when me wearing a sexy outfit
Beckett : would get an immediate response from you.
Castle : What are you saying? That I'm taking you for granted?
Beckett : I don't know, Castle. Are you?
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Hey, guys. Victim's over here.
UNK: His name is Arthur Felder, 54.
Ryan : He's a wealthy venture capitalist.
Ryan : Witness said that he took one bite of his squab
Ryan : and did a nose-dive into his plate.
Beckett : Okay, so this was not an allergic reaction?
UNK: Lanie Parish : There's no sign of anaphylaxis.
UNK: Lanie Parish : But his enlarged pupils and excessive saliva
UNK: Lanie Parish : suggest a foreign substance.
Castle : - He was poisoned. - It looks that way.
Lanie : But I won't know for sure until I run a tox screen.
Beckett : So, how many people had access to the food before it was delivered?
UNK: Esposito's checking on that right now.
Castle : Is that Eric Vaughn?
Ryan : Uh, yeah. He was part of the victim's dinner party.
UNK: - He's that billionaire inventor, right? - Yeah.
Castle : Inventor, innovator, and number eight on my LSL.
Castle : - LSL? - Last Supper List.
Castle : You and a table of 12, anyone from history.
Castle : What is mine, you ask? I'm glad you did.
Castle : In order, it is Lincoln, Einstein,
UNK: lan Fleming, John Lennon, Joan of Arc, Sinatra...
Castle : And you, of course.
Beckett : Too late, Castle.
Beckett : So who made the reservation?
UNK: Petra Vasker : I did. About a week ago.
Castle : Did anyone else know that Mr. Felder would be here tonight?
Neil : His office. But I have no idea who they might've told.
Beckett : Mr. Vaughn?
UNK: Okay.
Beckett : Excuse me. Hey.
Eric : Fantastic. Thank you.
Beckett : This is a murder investigation. I'm gonna need your full attention.
Eric : I'm so sorry. That was my pilot.
UNK: Arthur's family's in the Caribbean.
Eric : I was arranging for my plane to bring them home.
UNK: Yeah, well, that's very generous of you, Mr. Vaughn.
UNK: No, please, call me Eric.
Eric : - And you are? - I'm Detective Kate Beckett.
Castle : And I am Richard Castle.
UNK: - Oh, the writer? - Yeah.
Eric : My mother loves your novels.
Castle : I'll get her an autographed copy.
Beckett : So, how well did you know our victim?
Eric : We'd been doing business for many years,
Eric : but we weren't close, I'm afraid.
Beckett : Any idea who would want him dead?
UNK: None. This whole thing is terrible.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Hey, Beckett.
Server : - Excuse me. - Of course.
Esposito : So normally only a handful of wait staff handle each entree,
UNK: but in this case it could've been somebody from the outside.
Esposito : There was a kitchen door propped open,
Esposito : and CSU found this waiter's vest stashed in the dumpster.
Beckett : Okay, have unis canvass the area,
UNK: and I'm gonna wanna interview all of the kitchen staff as well.
UNK: Right.
UNK: Yes.
UNK: What?
Castle : Looks as though Vaughn is on your list as well.
UNK: Oh. Things you notice when you're paying attention, Castle.
Cory : Yeah, I've been a busboy there for two years.
UNK: So, where were you at 8 : 20?
UNK: 8 : 20? I was at a back sink scraping dishes.
Ryan : All right. Did you happen to see anyone in the kitchen
Ryan : that you didn't recognize?
Cory : Yeah, you know, someone brushed past me.
Cory : I didn't get a good look, but I remember thinking that he wasn't familiar.
Ryan : Can you describe him?
Cory : Not really. He was short, dark hair maybe.
Cory : Things move fast in the kitchen,
Cory : so I only caught him out of the corner of my eye.
Ryan : Tell me about that back door. Is it always open?
Cory : - It shouldn't be. - Hey.
Esposito : Looks like our victim, Arthur Felder, wasn't the most fuzziest of guys.
Esposito : He made his fortune in hostile takeovers.
Esposito : Couple of weeks ago, he shut down a chemical plant in Newark
Esposito : and sold it off for parts.
Beckett : It says here that 200 people lost their jobs.
Esposito : Yeah, and according to his assistant,
Esposito : they got quite a few death threats after they announced the closing.
Castle : Corporate raider shutters a chemical plant
Castle : and ends up eating crow, or in this case poisoned squab.
Castle : It's poetic. Diabolically speaking.
Beckett : Okay, Castle and I will talk to Lanie
Beckett : and see if there's any connection between the poison and the plant.
Beckett : In the meantime, why don't you guys go through the list
Beckett : of people that made threats
Beckett : and see if anyone was in the vicinity of the restaurant.
Esposito : Right on.
Lanie : Sorry, it's not a match for any of the chemicals manufactured by that plant.
Castle : So what was he poisoned with?
Lanie : Something exotic enough not to show up
Lanie : on a chem and unknown toxin evaluation.
Lanie : I'm running further tests,
Lanie : but all I can say for sure is that it was some sort of paralyzing agent.
Lanie : Speaking of paralyzing agent, can I just say, Eric Vaughn!
Beckett : See, Castle? Look, he's on everybody's list.
Castle : Yes. Yes, he's quite impressive.
Beckett : And handsome.
Lanie : And don't forget rich. And that accent?
Lanie : - Ooh, honey. - I know!
UNK: All right! Okay.
Castle : I admit, all right, just as lesser men aspire to be me,
Castle : he's who the me's of the world aspire to be, okay?
UNK: But that is not gonna help us solve Arthur Felder's murder.
Castle : Finding out what he was poisoned with will.
Lanie : Well, I can tell you this.
Lanie : Whatever the poison was
Lanie : was chemically synthesized and incredibly fast-acting.
Lanie : The mushrooms he was eating never even made it to his stomach.
Castle : Thank you. Wait, mushrooms?
Castle : I saw the menu. The mushrooms were served with the quail, not the squab.
Beckett : You're right.
Beckett : But Ryan said that Felder had the squab.
UNK: Yeah, it's my handwriting, and it's right here on the ticket,
UNK: Lucas Shaw : Mr. Felder ordered the squab.
Beckett : Well, we have reason to believe that he actually ate the quail.
Castle : The poisoned quail, Lucas.
Castle : How did he end up with it?
UNK: Oh, no. I must've made a mistake.
Lucas : I'm still learning the spring menu and the quail with the mushrooms
UNK: looks a lot like the squab with the artichoke hearts.
Lucas : And Chef was screaming.
Beckett : So you mixed up the orders.
Lucas : Oh, God.
Beckett : Okay, if Felder ordered the squab, then who ordered the quail?
Lucas : Yeah, here it is.
Lucas : The quail was supposed to go to Eric Vaughn.
Castle : Felder wasn't the intended target.
Castle : They were trying to kill Vaughn.
Eric : You mean to say that poison was meant for me?
Beckett : It seems that way.
Eric : Good God. What am I gonna tell Arthur's wife?
Beckett : Mr. Vaughn...
Eric : Eric. Please.
UNK: Eric, I understand your concern,
Beckett : but right now I think we need to focus on you.
UNK: Do you know of anyone that would want you dead?
UNK: No.
Eric : But you don't get to where I am without making enemies.
Eric : When one of my innovations succeeds,
Eric : it often means that someone else's fails.
UNK: And being high profile, people tend to want things from me,
Eric : or get angry for things that I can't control.
Beckett : Well, it sounds like being Eric Vaughn has its price.
Eric : Don't get me wrong. I'm not complaining.
Eric : I'm sure you face much tougher situations every day.
Beckett : Well, you know, when someone is trying to kill you,
Beckett : I think that you have every right to complain.