Esposito : Maybe he's still working on his book.
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Whoa! Speaking of Humpty Dumpty...
Beckett : Maybe somebody tried to stand her up on her head.
Beckett : After all, it is the autumnal equinox.
Lanie : It wasn't the fall that killed her.
Lanie : More like multiple gunshot wounds to the torso
Lanie : before doing a Greg Louganis out that window up there.
Esposito : Victim's name is Chloe Whitman.
Esposito : A couple of pedestrians heard shots,
Esposito : saw the body fall out the window,
Esposito : but when uniforms got here, the apartment was empty.
UNK: There's no doorman on duty, so,
Esposito : so far no one recalls seeing anyone flee the scene.
UNK: All right, have uniforms start knocking on doors,
Beckett : find out what else our neighbors didn't see.
Ryan : Hey, it's Castle.
UNK: I guess he did finish that book.
Lanie : Nice of him to send us a copy.
Ryan : Looks like he's back in town.
Esposito : Nice of him to call.
UNK: All right, guys, you can stop pining for your girlfriend.
UNK: After all, we got a body full of holes.
Beckett : So what else do we know about our victim?
Esposito : She's got a boyfriend, Evan Murphy, who's on his way.
Beckett : Okay, let's go upstairs and see what else we can find.
UNK: He really is ruggedly handsome. Mmm.
Esposito : From the spatter pattern, she was backing away from the door.
Esposito : After the first bullet hits her, she tries to get away,
Esposito : got nowhere to go but out the window.
UNK: So, a large caliber gun,
Beckett : round goes through her and breaks the glass.
Esposito : She goes diving out.
Ryan : Looks like she was leaving town.
Beckett : It wasn't a robbery.
UNK: Would you check these items for fibers and prints?
Beckett : If we're lucky, there was a struggle.
UNK: - Sure, we'll take care of it. Beckett.
Ryan : Chloe's boyfriend, Evan, is here.
UNK: Evan Murphy : So someone just came here and shot her?
UNK: For no reason?
Beckett : Usually, in cases like these, there is a reason.
Beckett : How long had you and Miss Whitman been dating?
Evan : About six months.
Beckett : And was there anyone in her life with violent tendencies?
Beckett : Maybe anyone that she had disputes with?
UNK: No.
Evan : No, she...
Evan : The worst thing I ever saw her do was jaywalk.
Beckett : What did she do for a living?
Evan : She's a teacher.
UNK: She was a teacher.
Evan : They all loved her.
Beckett : Were you expecting her over tonight?
Evan : No. Why?
Beckett : She packed an overnight bag.
Evan : That doesn't make sense.
Evan : She has class tomorrow. She wouldn't just leave without saying anything.
UNK: Excuse me.
UNK: The victim had it in her hand.
Lanie : It was in her fingers so tight I almost didn't see it.
Beckett : This is an address in Tribeca. It could be where she was going.
Esposito : Only one way to find out.
UNK: The address is registered to a Maya Santori, 32.
Ryan : She's clean, no priors.
Beckett : - 417? - Yeah, right there.
Esposito : It's open.
UNK: NYPD! Let me see your hands!
UNK: - Get them up! - Gun!
UNK: Whoa!
UNK: Castle?
UNK: Beckett?
Beckett : What are you doing here?
Beckett : I... Uh...
Beckett : Down, down! Put it down!
Esposito : - Drop that gun now! - Drop the gun, stupid!
Ryan : - No, no... - Drop it, slime bag!
UNK: Whoa.
Castle : Okay, guys, easy. It's not what it looks like.
UNK: It never is. Turn around.
Beckett : Castle, turn around.
Beckett : Richard Castle, you're under arrest for murder.
Castle : Something is different.
Castle : Did you remodel?
Beckett : You've been informed of your rights, Mr. Castle?
UNK: Really?
UNK: You're not even gonna ask me how my summer was?
Beckett : You are aware that you are under arrest for murder?
Castle : And I thought you were being rough with the cuffs just for fun.
Castle : You look good.
Beckett : - You look good, too. - Yeah?
Beckett : For murder.
Castle : Why are you so mad at me?
Beckett : Maybe because you were found standing over a dead body
Beckett : with a gun in your hand.
Castle : Yeah, but I told you, she was dead when I got there.
Beckett : Why didn't you call?