UNK: Hmm.
UNK: Beckett.
Ryan : We found the murder weapon.
UNK: I swear to God, I have never seen that before in my life.
Beckett : Then what was it doing in your place?
Beckett : I don't know!
Beckett : What really happened the night you followed Chloe to the club?
Evan : I told you. We fought.
Beckett : About what? And do not say the affair.
UNK: What were the four of you into?
Beckett : Evan, what's the connection? Why did you kill them?
Evan : I want a lawyer. I'm not saying anything else without a lawyer.
Ryan : PD's office has been notified. They're sending someone over.
Beckett : Okay. Notify the DA. Maybe they can cut us a deal
Beckett : and help us figure out what was really going on.
Castle : I know that look.
Beckett : What look?
UNK: That "something doesn't add up" look.
Beckett : It's just the lab report on the murder weapon.
Castle : What about it?
Beckett : They didn't find any fingerprints.
Castle : He probably wiped it down.
Beckett : Why would he wipe it down if he was gonna hang on to it?
Castle : Maybe he was going to ditch it, but didn't get around to it.
UNK: Mmm-mmm.
Beckett : Ditching it would be the first thing that he would do.
Castle : Maybe he thought he still needed it.
Beckett : - To kill someone else? - Or protect himself.
Esposito : Yo, Beckett. Financials came back on your boy Evan.
UNK: There is no unusual activity.
Castle : Maybe that was his motive.
Castle : Whatever it was they were up to, he didn't get his cut.
Beckett : But what was his cut? I mean, what the hell were they into?
Beckett : It's like a bad joke.
Beckett : A sculptor, a vending machine salesman, and a chemistry teacher
Beckett : walk into a burlesque bar.
UNK: Yeah. Only we don't have a punch line.
UNK: Other than they made a bunch of money and got themselves killed.
Castle : Made a bunch of money.
UNK: What?
Castle : A sculptor who works with metal,
Beckett : a chemist,
Castle : and a vending machine operator.
Castle : I think I know what our victims were up to.
Castle : Do we still have Chloe's purse?
UNK: Whoa!
Beckett : What are you looking for?
UNK: A-ha!
Castle : Take a look at the serial numbers on those bills.
Beckett : They're the same.
Castle : These bills are all pre-1998.
Beckett : That's before they redesigned the currency.
Castle : That's our punch line. That's how these people are connected.
Castle : In counterfeiting, the hardest thing to make is the paper.
Castle : But they had all the paper they needed.
Castle : They had an unlimited supply of one dollar bills.
Beckett : From the vending machines.
Castle : And those chemicals we found on our victims' bodies...
Beckett : Were used to whitewash the singles in order to make blank bank notes.
Castle : A procedure requiring the expertise of a chemist.
Castle : And what do counterfeiters do with blank bank notes?
Beckett : Print larger denominations, for which they need a metal press plate.
UNK: And who better to provide that than a sculptor.