Ryan : 9,500. Deposited on the 7th.
Beckett : Which means they were all receiving money from the same source.
Castle : And spending it in the same place.
Castle : Both Maya Santori and Chloe Whitman had charges on their credit card
Castle : for a place called KCBC. Both of them on the 9th and the 16th.
Castle : Both of them small amounts. Less than 20 bucks.
UNK: Same thing with McCutchin.
Esposito : The restaurant where they met?
UNK: All right. Call up the bank.
UNK: Let's see if they can help us track who made those deposits,
Beckett : and I'd like to contact the credit card company to find out what this KCBC is.
Esposito : On it.
Beckett : Don't think that this means that you won the bet.
Beckett : All we know is that they are connected.
Beckett : We still don't know how.
Castle : I missed you, too.
Ryan : Bad news.
Ryan : According to the banks,
Ryan : our victims' deposits were made in cash.
Ryan : There's no way to trace the payments.
Ryan : And since the deposits were less than $ 10,000,
Ryan : there was no report made to the IRS.
UNK: Which means our victims were most likely involved in something illegal.
Castle : Just so you know, I got that from "shot to death."
UNK: So?
Ryan : So what illegal activity involves vending machines,
Ryan : an artist and a high school teacher?
Castle : I know. Even the stuff I'm making up in my head doesn't make sense.
Esposito : I talked to the credit card companies.
UNK: KCBC bills through an internet card processing service.
Esposito : There's no address on file.
Beckett : We can't even track it down?
Esposito : I didn't say that.
Esposito : There's no address on file,
Esposito : but they do register the ISP
UNK: of every swipe card transaction that goes through.
Esposito : So I had Tech track it down.
Esposito : Whoever ran those charges, did it from this address.
Esposito : I got this.
UNK: Castle. Road trip.
UNK: Uh...
UNK: Yoink.
Castle : You sure this is the place?
Beckett : As sure as you are.
Castle : This doesn't look like a credit card kind of place.
Castle : This looks more like a "get shot and robbed" kind of place.