Ryan : What? He had a gun.
UNK: Should have let you shoot him. Would serve him right for not calling.
Beckett : considering that you pretty much make up stories for a living?
Castle : Because you know me.
Beckett : Do you know her? Chloe Whitman.
Beckett : She was shot to death.
Beckett : Your friend's address was found in her hands
Beckett : after she was killed.
Castle : Another murder. What's the connection?
Beckett : I don't know. You were the one with the gun. You tell me.
Montgomery : Beckett? A word?
Castle : Hey, Captain, how's it going?
Castle : What? You, too?
UNK: Really?
UNK: Come on, guys.
Montgomery : CSU recovered the slugs from Maya Santori and Chloe Whitman's place.
UNK: The gun was a.45, Castle was holding a.38.
Beckett : So it must have belonged to the victim for self-defense,
Beckett : which means that Castle was telling the truth.
UNK: I'd be happy to hold him if you like.
Beckett : You're free to go.
UNK: Oh, that's it?
Beckett : Bullets don't match your gun.
Beckett : You're off the hook.
UNK: I'm...
Castle : So what's our next move?
Beckett : There isn't one, at least not for you. You're going home.
UNK: Whoa, whoa, whoa. Two victims, one of them an acquaintance of mine,
Castle : and you're sending me home?
Beckett : You're a witness, Castle. I can't have you involved.
Castle : I'm already involved.
Beckett : Castle, go home.
Beckett : Go back to your Hamptons, your ex-wife,
Beckett : your book parties.
Beckett : Okay? I've got work to do.
Castle : What did I do?
Martha : Darling! Hello! You must see this video.
Martha : It's absolutely charming.
Alexis : A penguin smacks another penguin into an ice hole.
Alexis : I'll show you.
Castle : Uh... Maybe later.
UNK: Oh! You look as if someone smacked you into an ice hole.
Castle : I stopped by the precinct.
Alexis : I thought you weren't going back till after the book tour.
Castle : Yeah, well, fate intervened. Someone I know was murdered today.
Martha : Oh, Lord.
Alexis : Dad, that's awful. Who?
UNK: Maya, that woman who made that sculpture for me.
Alexis : - Any leads? - No, not yet.
Martha : So how is everyone?
Martha : Beckett have a nice summer?
UNK: Yeah, everyone's fine.
Martha : Now why don't I believe you?
Castle : Aren't you with Chet on Tuesdays?
Martha : Oh! That was never set in stone.
Martha : Besides, Alexis is in crisis.
Martha : The young man from the summer program still hasn't called her.
UNK: Despite the fact he said we'd talk when he got back from Europe,
Alexis : which he already did.
UNK: If you knew he's back, why didn't you just call him?
UNK: He's the one who went away.
Alexis : I mean, if he still cared he would have called.
Castle : Maybe he was going to but he didn't know how you'd feel about him.
Castle : Maybe he was worried that something had changed while he was away.
Martha : Oh, Richard Castle, that is the stupidest thing I ever heard.
Martha : Have I taught you nothing about relationships?
Castle : You're a shining example.
Castle : Just how big a deal is this anyway?
Beckett : I don't know if I even wanna see him anymore.
UNK: Oh, come on, you're not even giving him a chance.
Alexis : Why are you siding with him?
UNK: I'm not. I just... maybe
Castle : he'll do something that will make it right.