House : Why did you jump up when I came in?
Cuddy : I thought you were going to attack me again.
UNK: Again?
Cuddy : Yeah, you were in my face.
House : - No, I wasn't. - You were...
Cuddy : You came in here with Wilson and...
House : - That was a hallucination. - No, you...
House : Which means this is a hallucination.
House : How can I tell what's real and what's not?
House : Everything looks the same, sounds the same,
House : tastes the same.
Jack : Seems like I'd be the last person you'd want to ask.
House : Why not?
House : You're obviously not here. I'm obviously not here.
Wilson : Which means this is a creation of my mind,
Wilson : which means I'm really just asking myself.
UNK: If you're talking to yourself, that's a lot of unnecessary explanation.
House : Hey, I'm trying to work this out.
House : That requires give and take, even in my own mind.
Jack : What was the question?
House : How can I tell what's real?
Jack : Does it matter?
House : That doesn't sound like something I'd ask.
Jack : All right. Your concern is that if you act in the real world
Jack : based on information that's not real, the results are impossible to foresee.
House : With you so far.
Jack : But information is incapable of harm in and of itself.
Jack : Ideas are neither good nor bad
Jack : but merely as useful as what we do with them.
Jack : Only actions can cause harm.
House : That sounds like me.
Jack : So you do nothing. You refrain from taking any actions.
UNK: You continue to throw out your ideas as you always would,
Jack : but if they're based on faulty assumptions,
Jack : your team will point that out.
Jack : They won't do anything that could hurt him.
House : So I trust my team?
Cameron : Test was negative.
Cameron : - No blood in the prostate. - No structural abnormalities.
House : If something doesn't make sense, what does that mean?
House : It's not rhetorical.
House : I need your input on everything I ask, no matter how obvious it might seem.
Foreman : It means you're wrong.
House : It means one of your assumptions is wrong.
House : Because if something doesn't make sense, it can't be real.
House : So what are our assumptions?
Foreman : We don't have any. We're just guessing and testing.
Cameron : We assume the tests are right.
Chase : We've already re-done them. Twice.
House : Let's go more basic.
Foreman : What's more basic than the test results?
UNK: The tests themselves.
House : What does a biopsy consist of?
Chase : You take a sample.
House : Define sample.
Chase : It's a small representative piece of whatever you think is the problem.
UNK: You go down to the shore, you fill a cup of water.
House : It's got no fish in it. Does that mean no fish in the ocean?
Cameron : We can do another biopsy.
UNK: We could fill another cup of water.
UNK: But we gotta dive in. We got to see what's actually in there.
Chase : We can't operate, he's got a bleeding problem.
Foreman : We assume he's got a bleeding problem.
Chase : Yeah, because he bled from where he wasn't supposed to bleed,
Chase : causing parts of his body to blow up.
Chase : Assuming that crazy assumption is correct,
UNK: if we operate on him, we'll kill him.
House : What if we could find a way to do this surgery
House : without giving him more than a paper cut?
Vince : You want to let a robot operate on me?
Cameron : The technology is amazing.
UNK: It magnifies everything 10 times. It's 10 times the accuracy.
Vince : No way. I want a person.
UNK: - A person would be controlling... - People suck.
House : People have turned you from a guy with a swollen tongue
UNK: into a guy with one eye, one ball, and a stapled-on face.
House : If you want someone to hold you while you cry yourself to sleep at night,
House : choose warm and soft.
House : You want someone to write you a poem, pick the sensitive loner.
House : If all you care about is that something's done right,
House : pick the guy with the metal head.
House : - No way. - No way, no way.
UNK: You gotta see this thing in action before you say no way. Come on.
Cameron : House, what are you doing?
House : Nothing. I'm not doing anything.
House : Just throwing out ideas.
UNK: I think that you should put him in a wheelchair and take him down to the OR.
House : But I may be out of my mind.