Cameron : Test was negative.
Cameron : No trash against the fence. Is your leg really better?
House : Don't worry, I'm sure something else is wrong.
Chase : We did find blood.
House : - On which side? - The wrong side.
House : First thing that makes sense.
Chase : The wrong side's the wrong side. It can't make sense.
UNK: It'd mess with his brain, wouldn't cause fever.
Cameron : He's been sleeping a lot lately.
House : You worried?
House : I marked a change of meds on his chart.
House : Foreign object, body wants to get rid of it, that causes the fever.
UNK: Blood's a foreign object?
Foreman : In the brain lining it is.
Foreman : - Blood dyscrasia means cancer. - Find it.
Cameron : - All the tests... - Have been negative.
House : What do you do if your trashcans are full?
UNK: You use your neighbor's trashcans.
House : Except it's still light outside, your neighbor will see you.
House : So you go out the back way into an alley and drop off your trash by their garage.
Chase : We'll check the lymphatic system in the chest.
UNK: You got that from trashcans in the alley?
UNK: The saliva glands from the tongue
Chase : are connected to the lymphatic system in the lungs.
Chase : It's the next lymphatic system over.
UNK: Yeah.
House : Go get lung lymph.
Jack : How did he know that?
House : I wouldn't have hired him if he wasn't smart.
UNK: Right.
UNK: 'Cause you have nothing but respect for him.
Jack : Maybe he knew the answer because the question
Jack : wasn't nearly as tricky as you thought.
Jack : Maybe he's not getting smarter,
Jack : you're getting dumber.
Jack : You pretend to buck the system, pretend to be a rebel.
UNK: You claim to hate rules.
Jack : But all you do is substitute your own rules for society's.
UNK: And it's a nice simple rule,
Jack : tell the blunt, honest truth
Jack : in the starkest, darkest way.
Jack : And what will be, will be.
Jack : What will be, should be.
Jack : And everyone else is a coward.
Jack : But you're wrong.
UNK: It's not cowardly to not call someone an idiot.
Jack : People aren't tactful or polite just because it's nice.
Jack : They do it because they got an ounce of humility.
Jack : Because they know that they will make mistakes,
Jack : and they know that their actions have consequences,
Jack : and they know that those consequences are their fault.
Jack : Why do you want so bad not to be human, House?
UNK: No, he's awake.
Cameron : House, we need to talk to you.
House : How the hell did you know I was awake?
Jack : Your nostrils flare when you sleep.
House : - No, they do not. - Fine. I'm lying.
Cameron : - Test was negative. - You knew?
House : - Force of habit. - Showed no cancer.
Foreman : No reason why he's got a fever of 103,
Foreman : and no reason why his tongue won't fit in his mouth.
Cameron : He's post-op. Chase is getting him up and around.
Chase : It's important that you're up ASAP after surgery.
UNK: You think you can urinate?
Vince : It's getting bigger!