House : You're pathetic.
House : Judging by the growth, I'd say I've been unconscious for two days.
UNK: - You been sitting there the whole time? - No.
House : Judging by the oily buildup in your hair, I'd say you're lying.
Cameron : I was scared. Pardon me for caring.
House : Did I lose any organs?
Cameron : The bullet to your abdomen pierced your stomach, nicked the bowel,
Cameron : lodged in the posterior rib.
UNK: I always say if you're gonna get shot, do it in a hospital.
Cameron : - The one in your neck... - I don't remember that one.
Cameron : Went right through, severed your jugular.
Cameron : - The shooter turns out to be a guy... - Don't care.
Cameron : You don't care why a guy walked into a hospital and shot a doctor?
Cameron : Shot you?
House : I assume his reasoning was faulty.
House : So what was it? Infection?
Cameron : The surgery went fine. You've had no post-op...
UNK: Not me. The patient. Harpo.
Cameron : You just got shot, House. You should rest.
House : I got shot. Diagnostically boring.
House : Big fat tongue, on the other hand, endlessly entertaining.
Cameron : We biopsied his tongue.
House : And it was negative.
House : And the blood tests were negative.
Cameron : I didn't say we did blood tests.
House : You don't biopsy a tongue unless you have to biopsy a tongue.
House : And you don't have to biopsy a tongue
House : unless you've already come up with nothing
House : on a routine battery of tests which don't involve torturing the patient.
UNK: Any new symptoms other than the increased intracranial pressure?
House : Any guesses on how I figured that one out?
Cameron : You knew the next step would be a lumbar puncture.
Cameron : A lumbar puncture would almost certainly give us a definitive answer.
Cameron : Since we don't have a definitive answer, we must not have done an LP.
UNK: And the most common reason to not do an LP is increased intracranial pressure.
Cameron : He was shot by security trying to...
Cameron : House, what are you...
UNK: House.
House : I'm talking to Cuddy.
UNK: Lie down. You've gotta be in pain.
House : Not today. Today I'm on morphine.
Cameron : You're gonna rip your stitches out.
House : Check Harpo's trash.
Cameron : Forget about the patient.
House : Come on, you're curious.
UNK: Trash?
House : You don't know what I'm talking about, but you know it's good.
Cameron : You can't just be walking around.
House : Well, then stop me.
Cameron : - You've lost blood. - Physically stop me.
Cameron : - You could damage... - You can't.
House : Because that would involve physically touching me.
House : And then things would get so sexually charged...
House : I'm twice your size. Get your hands off me.
UNK: Everything that lives, eats. And everything that eats, poops.
UNK: That's why every organ has a sanitation department, the lymph system.
UNK: Whatever's doing the damage is dumping its waste in there.
UNK: That's what you meant by trash.
House : Biopsy the lymph node under the jaw.
UNK: I'm sorry, I know it's crazy, but there's no other place.
UNK: It's the ICU. It stands for Intensive Care.
Cuddy : He needs intensive care. So do you.
House : He needs to be shot again.
Cuddy : He is handcuffed to his bed. He is sedated. He's not going to hurt you.
House : If your security was any good,
House : I wouldn't have been shot in the first place.
Cuddy : He is where he's supposed to be, where you're supposed to be.
House : Who did my surgery?
Cuddy : Gillick. Why? Are you gonna send him a fruit basket?
House : He screwed up.
Cuddy : It's annoying enough dealing with your Vicodin habit.
Cuddy : Quit upping your morphine.
House : I'm not.
House : I'm reducing it.
Cuddy : And you're not in pain?
House : I'm feeling better.
Cuddy : Gillick is very good. Your recovery time...