Janice : Janice has a question. Who of the six of you...
UNK: ...has slept with who of the six of you?
UNK: Wow, it's like a dirty math problem.
UNK: I'm sorry, the answer there would be none of us.
UNK: Yeah. You know what? If that doesn't change soon...
UNK: ...I'm going to dump you for somebody who puts out.
Janice : Come on. Over the years, none of you ever got, you know, drunk and stupid?
UNK: Well, that's really a different question.
Janice : I find it hard to believe that a group of people who spends...
Janice : ...as much time together as you guys do has never bumped uglies.
Joey : Well, there was that one time that Monica and Rachel got together.
UNK: Monica And Rachel : - What? - What?
Rachel : Excuse me, there was no time.
UNK: Okay, but let's say there was.
Joey : How might that go?
Janice : Okay. Okay. Well, then answer me this :
UNK: Have any of you ever almost...?
Rachel : - Anybody need more coffee? - Hey, there's a dog out there!
Phoebe : - That is so unfortunate. - What?
UNK: Cute Naked Guy's really starting to put on weight.
UNK: I'll be back in just a minute.
UNK: Oh, Phoebe, I'm sorry that I left lipstick marks on the phone.
UNK: You didn't leave lipstick marks on the phone.
UNK: Then it must have been you. Bye.
UNK: Bye-bye.
UNK: - That's why I moved out. - Hey, while we're on that...
Ross : ...when are you gonna tell my sister you don't live here anymore?
Phoebe : I think on some level, she already knows.
UNK: She doesn't know that you sneak out every night.
UNK: She doesn't know that you sneak back...
UNK: ...and she doesn't know you've been at your grandmother's for a week.
Phoebe : Okay, well, maybe not on those levels.
UNK: You have got to tell her.
UNK: The longer you wait, the harder it is going to be on her.
UNK: You're right. You're right.
UNK: Anyway, listen, tonight's bag...
UNK: ...is really bulky. So could you sneak stuff out for me?
UNK: It's just like a clock radio and some cemetery dirt.
Joey : - Hey. - Hey.
UNK: I'm never gonna find a roommate. Ever.
Phoebe : Nobody good?
UNK: Well, let's see. There was the guy with the ferrets.
UNK: That's plural.
UNK: The spitter. And the guy who enjoyed my name so much...
Chandler : ...he felt the need to make a noise every time he said it.
UNK: "Nice to meet you, Chandler Bing. Bing!"
UNK: "Great apartment, Chandler Bing. Bing!"
Ross : - How many more do you have tomorrow? - Two.
Chandler : This photographer who seemed really dull...
Chandler : ...and this actor guy who I'm not sure about because...
UNK: ...when I answered the phone "Chandler Bing"...
UNK: ...he said, "Whoa! Short message!"
Monica : Foot on the floor or come over no more.
Ross : Sure, your dresser is missing, but this she notices.
UNK: Monica And Rachel : - What? - I have to go.
Ross : Carol should be home by now, so...
UNK: - How's it going with you guys? - Better, actually.
Ross : I think I finally figured out why we were having so much trouble lately.
Phoebe : - Oh, really? - Yeah. You know how I have you guys?
UNK: She doesn't have any close friends that are just hers.
UNK: But last week, she met this woman at the gym, Susan something.
Ross : And they really hit it off, and I think it's gonna make a difference.
UNK: So, Eric...
UNK: ...what kind of photography do you do?
Eric : Oh, mostly fashion.
Eric : So there may be models here sometimes. I hope that's cool.
Chandler : Yes, that is cool.
Chandler : Because I have models here, you know...