Wilson : She needs a transplant but...
Wilson : You tuned out as soon as it stopped being about you, didn't you?
UNK: What? I got to go.
UNK: It's all moot. The patient probably has long QT.
UNK: He's probably just a really, really decent person.
House : They exist, right?
Wilson : You can't take the money, House.
Benjamin : Is long QT bad?
Park : It's a tough thing to control.
Park : Is there someone you want me to call?
Benjamin : There's someone I would like to call.
Benjamin : She's the same person who won't take my calls.
Benjamin : My wife.
Benjamin : When I started giving away the money,
Benjamin : I hoped she'd want to do it with me.
Benjamin : She didn't.
Benjamin : I miss them.
Benjamin : I have two little boys.
Benjamin : Having a family doesn't exempt me from social responsibility.
Park : But family comes first.
UNK: But should it?
Benjamin : I know that sounds weird.
UNK: But if someone is related to you,
Benjamin : does that empirically make them more special,
Benjamin : more deserving than anyone else?
Park : Yes, it gives you a responsibility.
Benjamin : My boys have a roof over their heads. They're not starving.
Benjamin : I pay court-ordered child support.
Benjamin : And frankly' it's more than they need.
Benjamin : I love them more than anything.
Benjamin : I can't justify buying video games and private schools
Benjamin : when other people's children are starving.
Benjamin : I hope one day they'll understand that.
Park : Your hands are trembling.
Benjamin : Is it the electrodes?
Park : Are you in pain?
Benjamin : No. What's happening?
Park : I'm not sure, but it's not what we thought it was.
House : So arrhythmia, fainting, muscle tremors.
House : Plus unfortunately, mental changes.
Adams : I still don't think it's neurological.
House : God bless you.
UNK: He lost his wife and kids, 'cause he couldn't stop giving money away.
Adams : He lost his wife, because she couldn't accept not being filthy rich.
House : She's not drinking the coffee either.
Park : Drink it, don't drink it. The point is I gave it to you, so we're even.
Adams : Even? It was a gift, an insignificant token. There was nothing owed.
Adams : That was the whole point.
UNK: Why?
UNK: "Why?"
House : Yeah. Why?
Adams : She's the crazy one.
UNK: So a guy gives everything away to strangers, sane.
UNK: Girl who doesn't want anything from strangers, crazy?
Adams : You're not a stranger.
Adams : And your perverse view of the world is
Adams : making you force a neurological component
Adams : onto an obviously cardiological...
House : Your parents didn't love you enough,
House : so you need to prove your superiority.
UNK: Or they loved you too much, so you need to prove your humility.
House : Or it's just rich guilt. I'm betting on the last one.
Adams : There's a whole list of drugs that could have caused his symptoms.
House : I doubt the guy would spend money on drugs
House : when there are orphans out there without cable.
Park : Anyway, he'd be getting better right now, not worse.
Park : Could be polyarteritis nodosa.
Adams : That comes with a rash.
UNK: Echovirus.
House : Virus, virus, virus...
Adams : Fits his physical symptoms.
Adams : And could, but doesn't necessarily, cause personality changes.
Adams : Works for everyone?
House : Start him on antivirals.
House : And, Adams, when you treat,
House : and he gets better and doesn't give Bob Cratchit Christmas Day off,
House : you owe me a coffee.
Thirteen : Click the third tab from the left
UNK: and find a box that says "previous entry."
Benjamin : Thank you. I appreciate your help.
Thirteen : You're gonna read too much into this, aren't you?
House : No. Not at all.
UNK: We're going to fundamentally disagree
Thirteen : about what it means to read too much into this, aren't we?
House : Yes, absolutely.
Thirteen : Look, I thought about what you said, and I realized you were right.
UNK: Great. See you tomorrow morning.
Thirteen : No, you won't.
House : Afternoon? I can't think of another interpretation.
Thirteen : Shut up. Look, I'm not sure what you were trying to achieve.
Thirteen : I'm never quite sure, but you were
Thirteen : actually a friend to me when I needed it.
Thirteen : But I was wrong to try to push you out of my life.
House : Everything has gone blue.
Thirteen : Stay there. I'm coming.
House : No, you don't have to do that.
House : Although if you did come, maybe you could swing by the Hunan Palace