UNK: Um...
Thirteen : To give it to the same lady?
Benjamin : She needs it.
Thirteen : Okay. Never mind.
UNK: Wait.
Benjamin : What do you want?
Thirteen : Uh, it's nothing. It's just...
Thirteen : I have polycystic kidney disease, and I need a transplant,
Thirteen : and they say I don't have much time.
Thirteen : So when I heard that you were willing, I just...
Thirteen : But I'm glad it's going to someone.
Benjamin : I'll give it to you.
Thirteen : But you already promised it to someone else.
Benjamin : I have another one.
Benjamin : Saving one life is good, saving two is better.
Thirteen : You give away two kidneys, and you die.
Benjamin : I could live on dialysis for years.
UNK: Yes, and then you die.
Benjamin : And then I could donate my other organs, heart, lungs.
Benjamin : I could save four or five more lives.
UNK: Foreman's going to need a diagnostician.
Thirteen : This guy is crazy.
Adams : Arrhythmia, muscle tremors, and yes, mental changes.
Adams : If his heart doesn't rupture, he's liable to rip it out and give it away.
Benjamin : You know, the down vibe in here is
House : totally ruining my Charlie's Angels fantasy.
House : And that haircut isn't helping, either.
Thirteen : Seems like Graves disease or some other thyroid issue.
Park : Is she on the team now, like, forever?
Park : His thyroid levels were within normal range when he was admitted.
Adams : Could be Coxsackie B virus.
UNK: No pericarditis.
Thirteen : What about porphyria? It's a little weird without the rash,
Thirteen : but it fits all of his other symptoms.
UNK: And if it's acute intermittent porphyria,
Adams : that would explain why his symptoms keep recurring.
House : Unlikely, but it's possible. What else?
UNK: I said, "What else?"
UNK: Oh, for crying out loud.
House : There, that's better. Now, what else?
House : Well, if there's nothing better than possible,
House : then possible gets upgraded to probable.
Adams : I'll start him on hematin.
Thirteen : No, I'll go.
House : So what's the answer?
House : Are you now on the team, like, forever?
House : I don't know.
UNK: Because I was thinking of ordering t-shirts.
UNK: Thirteen a Little Bit Annoyed : I don't know, House. I mean, what am I supposed to do'?
UNK: Thirteen a Little Bit Annoyed : I trained to be a doctor. I know how to take someone's pain away,
UNK: Thirteen a Little Bit Annoyed : how to make a stopped heart beat again.
UNK: Thirteen a Little Bit Annoyed : We've brought people's kids back, their husbands.
UNK: 50 guilt?
Thirteen : Yes you were right You're always right. I just...
Thirteen : I have the skills to help people.
Thirteen : Is it okay for me to walk away from that because I wanna just have fun'?
House : Obviously not.