UNK: Why?
Adams : I've been considering applying to Doctors Without Borders,
UNK: going overseas awhile,
Adams : and that seems like a huge sacrifice, but you...
Park : You don't scare her. You make her feel guilty.
Benjamin : You like your life the way it is.
Benjamin : Most people give the minimum they have to give,
Benjamin : so they can enjoy what they have left.
Benjamin : I guess my minimum is just higher than most.
Park : Complete recruitment and interference pattern.
Park : His leg muscles are fine.
Benjamin : I feel, uh, funny.
UNK: Where? My chest.
Park : You're tachycardic. Your heart's beating too fast.
UNK: Unbelievable.
UNK: Patient got tachycardia to 185.
Park : We pushed 18 milligrams adenosine.
Park : There's definitely something wrong with him.
House : Which is awesome. Now, there's something to cure,
Foreman : which means there's something to be
UNK: disproportionately financially grateful for.
UNK: Morning. Got you coffee.
UNK: Thanks.
House : Arrhythmia could easily have caused the collapse
House : that landed Father Teresa here in the first place.
UNK: Oh, it's fine. Keep it.
Adams : We looked at his heart yesterday.
Adams : Didn't see any structural abnormalities.
Adams : I'm thinking occult long QT syndrome?
Park : What about Whipple's?
House : If it was Whipple's, there'd be some kind of neurological involvement
Park : You don't think defying human nature is neurological?
UNK: Racing heart, medical condition.
UNK: Bleeding heart, stupid condition.
Park : Are you saying that because you believe it,
Park : or because it's in your financial best interests
Park : to think his generosity isn't just temporary?
House : I'm told that some people are just nice.
House : I'm trying to embrace that wisdom.
Adams : Benjamin's been taking allergy medication the last few weeks.
Adams : Long QT syndrome can be medication-induced.
House : Flush him with saline. Get rid of the antihistamines.
House : Then do an EKG.
House : No, wait. I'll do the flushing.
UNK: And take the damn two dollars.
House : She hasn't even sipped the coffee.
House : I just got so angry, you know?
House : So I made a terrible mistake,
UNK: and now, I'm trying to start my life over.
House : To help people the way I always wanted.
House : But my department got defunded, and it's my fault.
UNK: I just can't stand to think of all those patients going untreated
House : because I don't have the resources to do my best work.
Benjamin : How about I help you out?
House : How do you mean?
Benjamin : I'll give a million dollars as an endowment to the hospital
Benjamin : earmarked for Diagnostics.
UNK: Wow.
UNK: I'm an opportunistic ex-con who just gave you a two-minute sob story
House : as step three in my master plan,
House : and you've offered me a million dollars.
UNK: Which was step 17.
Benjamin : Is that bad?
House : Ethics are not my strong suit.
UNK: Hypothetical.
House : If I'm offered oral sex from a sexaholic, do I have to decline?
UNK: Don't answer yet. Saying "no" will cause both of us pain.
UNK: Saying "yes" will cause both of us pleasure.
Wilson : You can't take sex from a sexaholic,
Wilson : you can't give booze to an alcoholic,
Wilson : and you can't take this guy's money.
UNK: I could be wrong about the symptom. I'm wrong all the lime.
Wilson : Taking money from a sick person is ethically suspect at best.
House : What is this? Canada? All we do is take money from sick people.
Wilson : We work for it.
House : I'm working.
Wilson : How much?
UNK: $20.
House : Well, what if it was? It's the same principle.
UNK: $20, a million, what's the difference?
Wilson : Actually, the difference is pretty much a million dollars.
House : He came up with the figure, not me.
Wilson : Crap. Got a patient with end-stage renal disease.
Wilson : Her heart can't support dialysis.