Park : Why is she here?
UNK: Because I called her.
House : Bigger question is why that worked.
Thirteen : I'm here because I have time, and you have a crisis and...
House : We're too busy for rationalizations.
House : Patient made a big downgrade in his personal life.
House : He's probably not eating all that healthy.
Park : Magnesium deficiency?
House : Wait until they take him back to his room, draw blood,
UNK: and do an expanded electrolyte profile.
Thirteen : No, he hasn't had anxiety or any trouble sleeping.
Thirteen : I think it's Whipple's disease.
Park : Bad idea. He doesn't have joint pain.
Thirteen : Joint pain is common but not definitive.
Thirteen : Whipple's explains all of his symptoms
UNK: including the personality change.
Thirteen : And it would respond to antibiotics,
Thirteen : which is why he started to feel better,
Thirteen : which doesn't mean he's not still sick.
House : You were right. Counts for nothing if you can't defend ii.
House : Book a procedure room, do an upper endoscopy,
House : and run a PCR test for Whipple's.
UNK: Guilt.
House : You feel guilty about leaving.
Thirteen : Yes, I think that little of you and that much of me.
Thirteen : You're nothing without me.
House : Not leaving me, leaving humanity.
Thirteen : I'm going with my girlfriend, the woman I love.
House : To have fun.
Thirteen : You're trying to make me feel guilty,
Thirteen : because you're saving lives here.
Thirteen : I think that's great. I'm proud to have been a part of ii.
Thirteen : But now, I just want to be happy.
UNK: Well, no one's unhappy in Greece.
Woman : It just appeared in the last few weeks.
Woman : He's having trouble holding a pencil in school.
House : Does it itch?
UNK: Get anything different lately,
UNK: new baseball glove, new kitten?
Woman : The neighbors put in a pool,
Woman : so he's been spending a lot of time over there.
UNK: But if it were something in the water
Woman : it would be everywhere, wouldn't it?
House : It is in the water.
Woman : He's allergic to chlorine?
UNK: No.
House : He's allergic to Summer Lilac.
Woman : That's my lotion, and it's not in the pool.
House : No, it's on the palms of his hands.
Woman : In the pool, is the neighbor's daughter
House : or the neighbor's hot wife.
House : Here's some lube.
UNK: Sorry. Too late for your eyesight.
Park : Endoscopy didn't reveal any lesions in the small intestine.
UNK: I'm running the PCR test now.
UNK: I found it in my office. Appears to be a gift.
House : That can't be good.
Park : Damn it.
House : You got her the job interview.
Park : And that was supposed to be the end of it. I don't take charity.
House : Good for you, you loon.
Park : I don't like owing people things.
House : So either you're so insecure
House : that you feel like you need to always have the upper hand,
House : or you're so arrogant that the notion of a favor is insulting to you.
House : Or it's your family, some kind of immigrant pride thing.
House : I'm betting on the last one.
Park : I just don't like it. It makes me feel icky.
House : That's the reason? Ickiness?
House : You never even tried to analyze this?
UNK: That's even crazier than the gift thing.
UNK: House. There's no sign of tropheryma DNA.
Park : It's not Whipple's.
House : We did what we could.
UNK: You sure you want to do this?