UNK: Cole Maddox : The file.
Gates : So, let me see if I understand.
Gates : As luck would have it, you three were in the neighborhood
Gates : taking a walk.
Castle : Well, many people consider that the best form of exercise.
UNK: It's low-impact, it has...
Gates : Then you heard an explosion, and as concerned private citizens,
Gates : you rushed inside to check it out.
Beckett : Yeah, that's right.
Gates : - Is that how you remember it? - Yes, sir.
Castle : Captain Gates, I can personally vouch for...
Gates : I am not interested, Mr. Castle, as you specialize in fiction.
Gates : Let's say you happened to be in the area.
Gates : How do you explain the fact that Maddox,
Gates : the killer we're searching for, and the man who shot you last year,
Gates : is the one lying there dead?
Castle : Bad karma.
Gates : Detective Ryan,
Gates : do you know anything about this?
Ryan : Just that it appears the safe was rigged to blow when Maddox opened it.
Gates : - And what was in that safe? - Hard to say.
Ryan : Papers of some kind.
Gates : And I don't suppose you know
Gates : what was in those papers and why Maddox was here?
Beckett : Like I said, we were just walking by.
Beckett : We were so close.
UNK: That file would've told us who's at the center of this
Beckett : and who killed my mom.
Esposito : At least Maddox won't be coming after you.
Beckett : They'll just send somebody else.
Castle : Unless whoever's behind all this doesn't know the file's been destroyed.
Castle : Maybe he thinks it's still in play.
Beckett : I wouldn't bet on that. Would you?
UNK: Shh.
UNK: Whoa!
Ryan : You want to put that thing away?
Esposito : - Well, if it isn't Judas. - Yeah, okay, pal.
UNK: - Wanna give it a break? - Guys, come on.
Castle : What are you doing here?
Ryan : Came to bring you this.
Beckett : Paper from the safe?
Ryan : Now what are we looking for?
Beckett : Names, places, dates,
Beckett : anything that tells us what was in these files
Beckett : and why someone is so desperate to keep it hidden.