Castle : Oh, God.
UNK: You said she was at the Hamptons.
Beckett : She was in the Hamptons. She's not supposed to be here.
Martha : Darling, we need to talk.
UNK: Hide.
Castle : - What? - Hide.
Beckett : - Are you serious? - Get in the closet.
UNK: No, I'm not going in the closet!
Castle : - Get in the closet! - Oh!
Martha : What's going on?
UNK: Just making the bed.
Castle : - Oh. - What are you doing here?
Martha : Well, I wanted to talk to you about your daughter's many fine qualities.
Castle : - Do we have to do this now? - And to remind you
Martha : that our Alexis is a paragon of grace, and good sense, and maturity,
Martha : although where she got those qualities, I do not know.
Martha : - How... - Right.
Castle : I would just be so much more comfortable
Castle : having this conversation with my clothes on.
UNK: Oh. Well, yes. We'll meet you in the kitchen.
Castle : We? Alexis is here, too?
Martha : How about some tea? Tea can be very soothing.
UNK: No, no, no tea.
UNK: - No tea. All right. - No tea.
Castle : Alexis, are you hung over?
Martha : Well, the graduation festivities got a tad out of hand,
Martha : and Alexis called me from the party, I drove into town, I picked her up.
Martha : So please don't get angry, darling.
Castle : Well, why didn't you call me?
Alexis : I tried. You didn't pick up.
UNK: Oh.
UNK: Right.
UNK: Then that's on me. That's my bad.
UNK: Well, Alexis, as your father, I have to say that I am
Castle : deeply disappointed in you, and yet oddly proud.
Alexis : My head is pounding.
Martha : Oh, honey, I'll get you a couple of aspirin.
UNK: - No, no, no, don't! - Ah! Ooh.
Castle : - No aspirin. - What do you mean? Why not?
Castle : It's her first hangover.
Castle : I mean, this is a milestone. It's a rite of passage.
UNK: Don't you want to experience this in its fullness?
Castle : Untrammeled by the relief of over-the-counter pain relievers?
UNK: No.
Castle : No, okay, aspirin it is, sweetheart. I'm sorry.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : So, any progress on Beckett's shooter?
UNK: We searched his rental car.
UNK: Detective Kevin Ryan : We still have no idea where he was going
UNK: Detective Kevin Ryan : or even what his real name was.
UNK: Detective Kevin Ryan : But we did find out what he stole from Captain Montgomery's house.
UNK: The Montgomerys' wedding album?
Gates : Why did Maddox want this?
UNK: I'm guessing he wanted this missing photograph.
Ryan : It's possible he was after whoever was in it.
Gates : Have you been able to track it down?
Ryan : Well, I've got Evelyn Montgomery bringing the negatives in.
UNK: But truth is, I'm a one-man band here. I could use a few more investigators.
Gates : Well, you can take it up with the Vice President.
Gates : I've already lost half my people to his security detail,
Gates : and I'm about to lose the rest to traffic control.
Gates : So for right now you're on your own.
UNK: Cole Maddox : You're putting yourself through this for nothing, Mr. Smith.
UNK: Cole Maddox : We both know how it will end.
UNK: Cole Maddox : Don't make me take this to the next level.
UNK: Cole Maddox : Tell me where the file is.
UNK: Mr. Smith : Go to hell.
UNK: So you're here to apologize for hiding me in your closet?
Castle : Look, let me explain.
Castle : When I heard her voice, I reacted by instinct.
Beckett : Yeah, like the instinct of a sophomore in high school.
UNK: Right.
Castle : - No, look, I... - Wait a minute.
Beckett : You're embarrassed about being seen with me.
Castle : Now that is not true. Look, I...
UNK: This... I... Okay.
Castle : This is all just still very new to me,
Castle : and call me selfish,
Castle : but I want to keep what we have together
Castle : to ourselves a bit longer.
Beckett : Still, it wasn't your finest hour.
UNK: No.
UNK: But maybe I could make it up to you.
UNK: Somehow.
UNK: I suppose since we know that your mom's not gonna be barging in,
UNK: we could go for a round two.
Castle : Well, technically it would be round four, but...
Castle : She's stalking us. She knows.
Beckett : Who is it?
Ryan : Beckett, it's Ryan.
UNK: Oh.
Beckett : Hide. Quick, in the closet over there.
Castle : Yeah, I'm not getting in there.
Beckett : Why? I hid in your closet, why can't you hide in mine?
Castle : - Why should I? - Because...
Ryan : - Beckett, is everything okay? - Fine!
Beckett : Okay, maybe I'm not ready for anyone to know yet.
Gates : Right now.
UNK: - Come on, how's he gonna know? - You're here, just like I was there.
Castle : Yes. Yes, the difference being I have my pants on.
Castle : Or are you embarrassed to be seen with me?
Beckett : Okay, fine. Just act normal.
Beckett : If that's even possible for you.
Castle : It's me.
UNK: Hey, Castle. What are you doing here?
UNK: Well, I was just walking by the neighborhood.
Castle : I only live 20...
UNK: Uh... What are you doing here?
Ryan : I need to talk to you about the case.
Beckett : Uh... Ryan?
Beckett : No, Ryan, I've resigned. I'm done.
Ryan : I hope this isn't because of Gates,
Ryan : or because of what I did.
Beckett : No! No, look, I get it. You were just trying to keep us safe.