UNK: Like something started with "M." This building, this is where the file is.
UNK: All right, so the building is 10 stories. How hard can it be to find a file, right?
UNK: He would've hid it in a place that was safe from the demolition crew.
Castle : Yes, which suggests that Mr. Smith not only owns this building,
Castle : but he knows it inside and out.
UNK: Hey.
UNK: Thanks.
Castle : For what? We haven't found it yet.
UNK: Just I know I never would have gotten this far if it wasn't for you.
UNK: Hey, we're gonna get this done. You and me.
UNK: And we're gonna start by ruling out all the interior walls.
Castle : Smith wouldn't risk hiding it there with all the Sheetrock getting torn down.
Castle : Ceilings are no good either.
UNK: Castle.
Beckett : Michael Smith, 523.
Beckett : He didn't just own the building...
UNK: He had an office on the fifth floor.
Maddox : Well, that's some helpful information.
Maddox : Turn around, hands behind your back.
Maddox : You just don't know when to quit, do you?
Castle : So you convinced Smith to tell you where the file was.
Maddox : He told me it was hidden in a floor safe, but he didn't tell me exactly where.
Maddox : Good thing you guys cleared that up.
Beckett : You didn't kill him in case you couldn't find the file.
Maddox : And once I do, I'm finally gonna settle our account.
Maddox : See you soon.
Castle : We've got a minute, maybe two, to get the hell out of here.
Beckett : Castle, how tight are your zip-ties?
Beckett : - Can you move your hands at all? - No, just barely.
Beckett : Do you have anything sharp in your pocket like a knife?
Beckett : - No. - Nail clippers?
UNK: No. Who carries nail clippers?
Beckett : - Do you have keys? - No, it's a fob, it's a remote.
UNK: There's a drywall screw. Perfect!
UNK: That's not gonna help.
Castle : I beg to differ.
UNK: All we have to do is grab the zip-tie,
Castle : and saw through.
Castle : I am barely making a dent in this thing.
UNK: Castle, I hear footsteps. He's coming.
UNK: Hurry.
UNK: If we get murdered right now, I'd feel so ripped off.
Beckett : Yeah, me, too.
Castle : At least...
Castle : At least we had last night.
UNK: We should've done that four years ago.
UNK: Done what four years ago?
Esposito : Maddox's real name is Cedric Marks.
Esposito : Once he finished his tour,
Esposito : he got a job at a place called Arantus Solutions,
UNK: a kind of a black-ops military contractor.
UNK: How'd all that lead you here?
Esposito : Well, once I got his name, I put a BOLO out on his car.
UNK: A uniform spotted it outside this building.
Esposito : When I came to check on it, that's when I saw your car.
Beckett : Wait, wait, Espo.
Beckett : 523's around the corner. You got an extra piece?
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : Nice. What about for me?
Esposito : Oh, you mean an extra extra piece?
UNK: Wow.
Beckett : Don't move. Don't even breathe.
Beckett : Reach for it and I'll blow your head off.
Maddox : Okay, Detective, you're in charge.
Beckett : Now slowly reach down and hand me the file.
UNK: No.
Esposito : He's gone.
Castle : Thanks for the warning, Smith.
Beckett : He knew that Maddox would show up here first.