House : Taub and Kutner, go to his apartment, check for neurotoxins.
Jason : 873 Marshall, South Brunswick.
Jason : Back window's unlocked.
House : Giving out your address?
UNK: Clearly not going back there.
House : Means you do have an end game.
Bowman : I'm Lieutenant Bowman. How's everyone doing in there?
House : Got one lower limb flesh wound, another guy unconscious.
UNK: Unfortunately, not the guy we hoped.
House : We're gonna need someone to deliver his blood.
House : It's gonna be hard to play doctor...
Jason : Shut up.
Jason : Open that blind, just a few inches.
Nikki : Why me? Just open it. Open it.
Nikki : Why me? Anyone can do it. Why pick me?
Jason : Get back! Get back!
Jason : I will kill her unless you back the hell out of there now!
UNK: Interesting.
House : Anybody else hear those guys outside?
UNK: Anybody?
House : He's got hyperacusis.
Jason : What does that mean?
House : It means we have a favorite.
UNK: It's nerve-related.
Thirteen : Amped-up hearing could be linked to nerve palsy.
House : Puff out your cheeks. Come on.
UNK: Now, a big mug-shot smile.
UNK: Left-side facial weakness.
House : Seventh-nerve palsy.
House : Plus intermittent rashes, plus migraines, it's postherpetic neuralgia.
UNK: Herpetic? You think I have herpes?
House : I'm not judging here.
House : This thing is just as likely to be caused by chicken pox.
Jason : I need proof now.
House : There is a test. It's dangerous and painful
House : while the treatment is safe and painless.
House : But you make a good point. You need proof now.
House : I'll order up the test.
House : If you have neuralgia, you won't feel it going in.
Jason : It only hurts if your diagnosis is wrong.
UNK: Win-win.
Bowman : Jason, don't hang up the phone again.
Jason : You're gonna send in...
UNK: Capsaicin, 200 micrograms.
Jason : And two syringes this time.
Thirteen : And we'll give you the blood and his records.
Bowman : No more meds, Jason, and no deliveries without something in return.
UNK: You gotta give us a hostage.
Jason : You can have two.
Jason : Everything gets brought in by Dr. Cuddy.
Bowman : Jason, I'm not gonna let her do that.
House : First, don't use his name so much.
House : It doesn't sound reassuring, just sounds creepy.
UNK: And second, come on, he's not gonna shoot the one person
House : he trusts to bring in his medication.
House : He's gonna shoot the hostages if she doesn't bring it in.
Bowman : I'll get back to you.
Bowman : The guy's demanding that you do all the transfers.