Bowman : Mic the door, get a frame charge.
Bowman : Hope your boyfriend knows what he's doing.
Wilson : Are you insane?
House : He's quick for a sick guy.
House : Dyspnea, anemia, seventh-nerve palsy, tachycardia.
House : Long passes, anything, go.
Foreman : I don't believe it. Chase was right, you're gonna kill someone.
Foreman : I don't want to be a part of it.
Taub : Loa loa filariasis.
House : You ever been to Cameroon or on the Ogowe River? Next.
Cameron : Could be Q fever, if he's had exposure to goats.
Jason : No goats.
Kutner : Histiocytosis X explains the lung involvement and...
UNK: You have a new symptom.
UNK: He's turning his head, favoring his left ear,
UNK: which means he's partially deaf in the right.
Wilson : Three hours ago he had superhero hearing.
Cameron : Cushing's causes fatigue, breathing problems, fluctuating hearing...
Kutner : Even increased aggression and risk-taking.
Jason : I'm doing this by choice, it's not a symptom.
House : We'll keep that between us until we talk to your lawyer.
House : I need dexamethasone and enough time to provoke a respiratory reaction
House : and confirm Cushing's syndrome.
Bowman : Actually, we're through negotiating.
Jason : I've still got three hostages left.
Jason : I'll give you one.
Bowman : And no more testing drugs on the sick doctor.
UNK: Fine.
Jason : Send in the drugs.
Cop : Son, come here, come here.
Cuddy : House, you can't...
House : If you have Cushing's, this will slow your breathing.
Jason : Give it to her first.
House : Those were not the terms.
Jason : I lied.
Jason : These drugs could be fake.
House : Why would I do that? I gave you back the gun.
House : You wouldn't, they would.
House : She has Huntington's.
House : If these drugs are real, it could screw up her liver...
Thirteen : Chances are slim. Chances of him shooting one of us, on the other hand...
UNK: Don't...
Jason : How long do you have to live?
Thirteen : Eight, ten years.
House : Killing her is your chance to get personal?
Jason : Huntington's doesn't have a cure?
UNK: No.
Jason : So, if we get out of here...
House : If she were clinging to hope,
House : she wouldn't be standing in line waiting for you to order up more drugs.
House : Take a deep breath.
Jason : Not knowing what was wrong with me made me miserable.
Jason : Maybe that's insane, and doing this, yeah, insane.
Jason : But I had something to gain.
Jason : You can't take risks with no upside at all.
House : I can't decide which is riskier,
House : taking crazy risks, or taking advice on crazy risks from a crazed risk-taker.
House : Heart's racing. No fever.
House : And your breathing's unchanged.
Jason : Does that mean she... Means I was wrong.
House : Her kidneys are shutting down because of the meds you made her take.
House : We have to get her out of here.
House : The dexamethasone is making Thirteen's kidneys fail,