UNK: Satisfied?
UNK: Fine.
House : Roll up your sleeve.
Jason : You think I'm an idiot? That's what you think?
House : Thought I had a little more time with a guy that size.
House : You're not gonna do anything.
House : You still need me.
Larry : Come on.
House : What are you doing? He didn't do anything.
Jason : You're right. I need you.
Jason : I also need you to know you can't screw with me.
House : It's for you.
Bowman : Lieutenant Bowman, Princeton SWAT.
Cuddy : Dr. Lisa Cuddy, Dean of Medicine.
Cuddy : We just heard a gunshot, but I haven't been able to make contact.
Bowman : We'll handle that once we secure our perimeter and set up our positions.
UNK: By perimeters I assume you mean snipers. We have to put an end to this.
Bowman : Got a husband in there, or a loved one?
UNK: No.
Bowman : Don't worry. We'll decide when to start shooting.
Taub : House is gonna get someone killed.
Kutner : Guy's ready to kill for a diagnosis.
Kutner : I can't think of a better doctor to be trapped in there with him.
UNK: How about somebody who's not gonna keep pushing the wackjob's buttons
Cameron : until he cracks?
Kutner : It's House.
Foreman : And every fellow you've had in the last five years.
House : What causes low lung volume,
Larry : This is pathetic.
Chase : If I strap a bomb to my chest, do I get seven doctors attending to me?
House : Dr. Robert Chase.
UNK: On the off-chance you have some brilliant escape plan and are the vengeful type.
Chase : You think he's the only guy in New Jersey with an unsolved illness and a pistol?
Chase : I'm not playing this game.
UNK: Seriously? You're walking out?
House : Throw me that marker, will you?
Foreman : Chest pain, the lung problems, fatigue, rash, sounds like chronic lung infection.
Jason : Heart palpitations and fatigue,
Thirteen : could be a cancer that's spread from the lungs.
UNK: Next.
Cameron : If his diaphragm's not working, maybe his nerves are freezing up.
Regina : I think he's going into shock.
UNK: First rule of triage, guys with guns go first. Next.
Kutner : Shortest distance between stomach pain and insomnia is bad circulation.
Bill : You needed to write four things down to remember?
House : It's not my wall.
House : You're gonna get some special deliveries.
House : Foreman, we're gonna draw blood. Run a test for infection and cancer.
House : see if any of his past 900 medications could have screwed up his heart.