Augustine : I seem to be a little better. They gave me some medication.
Foreman : Prednisone. It's a steroid to help with the inflammation.
Augustine : Has Dr. House figured out what I have?
Augustine : Will I be okay? We're not sure what's wrong yet.
Cameron : You'll have a chest C.T. scan this afternoon that'll help with the diagnosis.
Pius : Dr. House is giving her medication, and he doesn't know what she has yet?
Augustine : Trust, Sister Pius. It all happens for a reason.
Foreman : He doesn't know what he's doing.
Foreman : The only problem that woman has is that House grabbed the wrong syringe.
UNK: You don't trust him? I don't trust a man who won't admit he might be wrong.
UNK: I notice you weren't so quick to tell her she's got Churg-Strauss and only has a couple years left.
Cameron : I don't tell patients bad news unless it's conclusive.
Foreman : Because you know he might be wrong.
Cameron : About Churg-Strauss. Not about what happened in the clinic.
Foreman : What about you, Chase? You think he's infallible too?
Chase : All I know is, if House didn't make a mistake and Sister Augustine has Churg-Strauss,
Chase : he'll be self-satisfied and our lives will be good for a few weeks.
Chase : If House did make a mistake, he'll be upset and our lives will be miserable for months.
Foreman : There is that.
House : If Cuddy thinks I made a mistake, the least she could do is suspend me from clinic duty.
Wilson : She doesn't confuse making a mistake with being incompetent.
House : Oh, here we go... lesson time.
House : I recognize that confidence is not my short suit.
House : I also recognize that I am human and capable of error.
Wilson : So you might have screwed this up? No.
UNK: So it's merely a theoretical capacity for error. Good point.
House : Maybe there isn't one. Maybe that's my error.
Wilson : Most people who think as much of themselves as you do like to talk about themselves.
House : Most people don't like to listen. So, what's wrong with you?
House : Let me guess... inflammatory bowel.
Santa : Wow. Yeah. Is it that bad? Yes.
House : It's also written on your chart.
UNK: "Bloody diarrhea, gas, pain.
House : Took sulfasalazine, but it didn't work".
UNK: - No. Then-Then I... - "Next, tried steroid enemas.
House : Oral corticosteroids... 5-A.S.A., 6-mercaptopurine".
House : - I'm impressed. - By my medical history?
House : By how well your last doctor charted.
Santa : It's one thing to have to go to the bathroom every hour,
Santa : but when the kids sit on my lap, it's...
Santa : The store sent me home. They're gonna fire me.
Santa : Can't you put me back on 5-A.S.A.? Maybe it'll work this time. Not likely.
House : I'm giving you a prescription. It's cheap, which is good,
House : because your insurance company won't pay for it.
UNK: - "Cogaritis"? - Cigarettes.
House : One twice a day. No more, no less.
House : Studies have shown that cigarette smoking...
House : is one of the most effective ways to control inflammatory bowel.
UNK: Plus it's been well established that you look 30% cooler.
Santa : - Are you kidding me? - About the looking cooler, yeah.
House : - The rest is true. - Isn't it addictive and dangerous?
House : Pretty much all the drugs I prescribe are addictive and dangerous.
UNK: The only difference with this one is it's completely legal.
House : Merry Christmas.
Augustine : I was talking to the nurse... Arsenio. Do you know him?
UNK: Not really. He can take pictures with his phone.
UNK: Cool. That woman from the lab was interesting too.
Augustine : She studied astrophysics before becoming a nurse.
Chase : You know the staff better than I do. I love to hear all about people.
UNK: Yet you live in a monastery. - It's where I serve our Lord and the world best.
Chase : Our Lord maybe. The rest of the world, on the other hand,
Chase : would probably get more out of feeding the homeless or... - Healing the sick?
UNK: As an example, yeah. Did you always want to be a doctor?
Chase : Always. You always want to be a nun? My parents died when I was six.