Augustine : I was raised in a foster home run by the Church.
UNK: When I was 18, I went to the monastery, where they let me take my vows.
Augustine : I've known no other life, and I haven't wanted to.
UNK: Okay, Sister. We need you to lie as still as possible.
Foreman : If you get scared, just let us know.
Augustine : As Jonah said from inside the whale,
Augustine : "When I had lost all hope, I turned my thoughts to the Lord."
UNK: - Well, she's got God on her side. - I don't believe in God.
Foreman : You're not even a little agnostic? Is it supposed to smell funny?
UNK: Someone ralphed in there this morning. We cleaned it up, but...
Cameron : It's normal, Sister. It's just a few more minutes. - Mm.
Cameron : I believe in a higher order that's in control of what happens,
Cameron : but not one, anthropomorphic entity called "God"...
Cameron : that's concerned with the everyday workings of you and me.
Foreman : What else is there to control but the everyday workings of you and me?
Cameron : It's always about you, Foreman.
UNK: What are you talking about... The trees, the fish?
UNK: Should they be the ones that think it's all about them?
Foreman : What about you, Chase? Do you believe in God?
Chase : I believe Sister Augustine has no vascular pathology, which means no Churg-Strauss.
Foreman : Which means House made a mistake. No, not necessarily.
Cameron : It could be something else... thyrotoxicosis or a carcinoid. I don't get you.
Foreman : You don't believe in God, but you're willing to put complete faith in one man?
Augustine : Please. The smell. Let's get her out of there.
Cameron : I'm coming, Sister. I gotcha.
Augustine : Please. The smell. I'm comin'.
UNK: I'm gonna be sick. There's no smell.
UNK: No. God. Oh! It's Jesus. It's Jesus!
Augustine : He's coming for me!
Augustine : He's burning me with his touch!
Foreman : Let's get her on some Ativan.
UNK: The smells, religious visions... It's symptomatic of temporal lobe swelling.
Foreman : - We don't want her to... - She's seizing.
UNK: - Jaw block! - Help me get her on her side.
Foreman : - Religious visions? - Yeah. And next comes...
Foreman : Patient tested positive for herpetic encephalitis.
UNK: What's that tell us? - Her immune system is severely compromised.
Cuddy : Oh, I know. Prednisone compromises the immune system.
UNK: Isn't that the medicine that you gave her for that thing she doesn't have? - Yeah, that... Hey.
UNK: I'm thinking that's a trick question. - Her immune system is severely compromised.
Cameron : - Two doses of prednisone wouldn't do that. - Are you hanging your diagnosis on an adverb?
UNK: In 10 seconds, I'm going to announce that I gave her the wrong dose in the clinic. - You're gonna admit negligence?
House : Unless you leave the room. If you stay, you'll have to testify.
House : Five, four,
House : three, two...