UNK: Do all of you lie?
UNK: It's a good strategy; it's simpler when you all tell the same lie.
UNK: She has not spent her entire life as a good Catholic.
UNK: When she had a cardiac arrest, I had to open her blouse to do C.P.R.
UNK: And I learned two things : nuns can have nice breasts,
UNK: and she has a tattoo on her shoulder... Of a skunk.
UNK: Now, maybe it's the sacred skunk of Joseph,
UNK: but, as far as I know, Catholic foster care and monasteries...
UNK: do not keep tattoo parlors in their refectories.
Nun : We consider that our life begins...
Nun : when we put on our habits and take our vows.
UNK: What happens before then... - Is irrelevant to you, but it's relevant to me.
Nun : Sister Augustine went into foster care when she was six years old,
UNK: but she left when she was 12.
Nun : She lived on the streets. She got into drugs.
UNK: When she was 15, she became pregnant.
Nun : Tried to self-abort.
Nun : She lost the child. She became ill.
Nun : We took her in when she came back.
Nun : If we had thought it was medically relevant, we would have told you.
House : It's not.
House : This tea is delicious. Local herbs?
UNK: Any change with the medication? Yes. She's getting worse.
Chase : Lung function's deteriorating. B.U.N. and creatinine continuing to rise.
Chase : She's starting to run a fever, and the rash is spreading.
UNK: At this rate, she's not gonna make Christmas. Maybe House is right.
Cameron : Maybe there is an underlying condition that explains the symptoms.
Cameron : Something we haven't considered. Like what?
Cameron : It could be a metabolic disorder. Specifically?
UNK: Might be genetic. Specifically?
UNK: I'm just saying... You're just saying you think House is right.
Cameron : Might be right. Ofcourse he might be right.
Cuddy : It might be the hand of God at work. Don't say it's something else...
Cuddy : unless you've got something concrete to offer.
Cuddy : What's this, hemlock?
UNK: I'm gonna do you the biggest favor one doctor can do another.
UNK: I'm gonna stop you from killing your patient.
UNK: It's figwort tea... great for that little pick-me-up we're all looking for in the morning.
UNK: Opens the lungs, increases the blood pressure, stimulates the heart.
UNK: Unfortunately, if you then get injected with even .1 c.c. of epinephrine...
UNK: Instant cardiac arrest.
UNK: - Still, what the hell, it tastes great. - Sister Augustine...
House : Has been drinking it religiously, so to speak.
UNK: And if you take the cardiac arrest out of the equation...
House : All the rest of the symptoms can be explained by a severe long-term allergic reaction.
UNK: Well, that's what Cameron said in the beginning.
UNK: Yes, she did. Well done.
UNK: But your unwillingness to stick by your diagnosis almost killed this woman.
UNK: Take a lesson from Foreman... Stand up for what you believe.
UNK: Okay. Let's go figure out how to save a nun.
Chase : Damned if you do, damned if you don't.
House : Because it's been untreated for so long,
UNK: it's gone from a simple "watery eyes, scratchy throat" allergy...
House : to a whopping "I'm gonna kick your ass" allergy...
House : Compromising her immune system, diminishing her ability to heal and breaking down her organ systems.
House : So, what's the source? The dish soap.
UNK: No. The symptoms persisted days after the dish-washing episode.
House : It's gotta be something she's been exposed to here in the hospital as well as the monastery.
Foreman : What about the tea? It caused her arrhythmia.
House : Could be, but it's not definitive.
UNK: We'll skin-test for allergens. Not yet. She's too reactive.
UNK: She tests positive to everything. We need to stabilize her...
Cameron : Isolate her from all possible allergens... Give her system a rest.