Cuddy : You diagnosed the patient with allergies and prescribed antihistamine.
Cuddy : She went into respiratory distress,
Cuddy : and you injected her with epinephrine.
Cuddy : Presumably 1 c.c.
House : .1 c.c. That is the standard dose. That is what I gave her.
Cuddy : People don't go into cardiac arrest from .1 c.c. epinephrine.
House : She must have a preexisting heart condition that got exacerbated by the epinephrine.
Cuddy : It's too bad you didn't make a notation in the chart.
House : I can make it up right now.
Cuddy : The drawer has syringes with both dosages. You could have reached for the wrong...
House : - But I didn't. - Everyone makes mistakes.
Cuddy : This is why doctors pay through the nose for malpractice insurance.
UNK: Relax. They're not gonna sue.
UNK: The worst they'd do is whack my hand with a ruler.
Cuddy : And the discipline board... are they gonna whack your hand too? - You're gonna report me?
Cuddy : - What choice do I have? - Uh, how about not report me?
Cuddy : I can justify keeping her here for a 24-hour observation.
Cuddy : If you haven't found an underlying cause for the cardiac arrest by then,
Cuddy : I will have to notify our attorneys.
Cameron : Her hands were red and swollen.
Cameron : Maybe she has a skin infection. Cellulitis? That could manifest with tachycardia.
Foreman : There's no history of fever. Results from the C.B.C. didn't indicate an infection.
Cameron : The eosinophils are mildly elevated. Sed rate's up a bit. Could we be looking at a systemic allergic response?
House : It's not allergic. Allergies don't cause cardiac arrest like this.
UNK: Could be inflammation of the blood vessels. Vasculitis? That wouldn't give you an elevated eosinophil count.
House : Churg-Strauss vasculitis would.
UNK: The blood vessels of the heart, lungs and skin become inflamed,
House : causing the asthma, rash and heart problems... covers all her symptoms.
UNK: You need a biopsy to diagnose. Chest C.T. would be quicker.
Foreman : The lady just came in with a rash.
House : What the hell are those?
Foreman : Candy canes.
Foreman : Candy canes? Are you mocking me?
UNK: No. It-It's Christmas, and I...
Cameron : I thought... Relax. It's a joke.
Foreman : Isn't the prognosis for Churg-Strauss a bit grim?
Cameron : Yeah. Untreated, only 33% of patients survive past a year.
Cameron : Treated... five years. Then I definitely suggest treatment.
Foreman : If it was any other attending doctor, I'd say that he made a mistake...
Foreman : and gave her too much epinephrine.
House : Saying you wouldn't say it was my mistake...
House : is saying it was my mistake.
UNK: Everyone screws up. Your rule.
UNK: I think you fit within the subset of "everyone".
House : I didn't screw up.
House : Order a chest C.T. and start the sister on prednisone... 40 milligrams T.I.D. - The sister?
House : Oh, didn't I mention? The patient's a nun... Sister Augustine.
Chase : I hate nuns.
House : Who doesn't?
House : - Sister Augustine? - We weren't watching.
Pius : We were trying to see if this is the bed control.
Cameron : Oh. Uh, this one's the bed control.
UNK: And that's the TV control.
Cameron : I'm Dr. Cameron. This is Dr. Chase and Dr. Foreman.
UNK: I haven't seen television in over 20 years.
Chase : Do you consider it the work of the devil,
Chase : or do you just not get cable where you live?
Cuddy : - Um... - How are you feeling, Sister?