UNK: Good. She's requested to check out, against medical advice.
Chase : She wants to go back to the monastery.
House : Well, talk her out of it.
Chase : I think I may have talked her into it.
House : Room's paid up for the rest of the week.
House : Might as well stick around.
Augustine : This illness... is a test of my faith.
Augustine : If it's his will to take me, it doesn't matter where I am.
Augustine : I can accept that.
House : Does anybody believe anything you say?
House : You're not accepting.
House : You're running away.
House : Just like you always do.
House : You ran away from the monastery to get laid.
House : You ran away from the real world when getting laid didn't work out so good.
House : Now things aren't working out again, so off you go.
Augustine : Why is it so difficult for you to believe in God?
House : What I have difficulty with is the whole concept of belief.
House : Faith isn't based on logic and experience.
Augustine : I experience God on a daily basis...
Augustine : and the miracle of life all around...
Augustine : The miracle of birth, the miracle of love.
Augustine : He is always with me.
House : Where is the miracle in delivering a crack-addicted baby?
UNK: Hmm?
UNK: Then watching her mother abandon her 'cause she needs another score.
Augustine : Miracle of love.
UNK: You're over twice as likely to be killed...
House : by the person you love than by a stranger.
Augustine : Are you trying to talk me out of my faith?
House : You can have all the faith you want in spirits and the afterlife...
House : and heaven and hell.
House : But when it comes to this world, don't be an idiot.
UNK: 'Cause you can tell me that you put your faith in God to get you through the day,
House : but when it comes time to cross the road, I know you look both ways.
Augustine : I don't believe he is inside me and is going to save me.
Augustine : I believe he is inside me whether I live or die.
House : Then you might as well live.
UNK: You got a better shot betting on me than on him.
Augustine : When I was 15,
Augustine : I was on every kind of birth control known to man...
Augustine : And I still got pregnant.
Augustine : I blamed God. I hated him for ruining my life.
Augustine : But then I realized something.
Augustine : You can't be angry with God and not believe in him at the same time.
Augustine : No one can. Not even you, Dr. House.
Wilson : How'd it go? She has God inside her.
House : It would have been easier to deal with a tumor.
Wilson : Maybe she's allergic to God?
UNK: We've looked everywhere for an allergen that could be causing this reaction...
UNK: except one place... inside her.
Foreman : On her medical history, she didn't mention any surgery. She had one.
Cameron : Can we get her records? What hospital was it at? She didn't have it at a hospital.
House : Order a full body scan. What if she refuses?
House : Tell her I'm looking for a miracle.
Foreman : No piercings. No fillings.
Foreman : No surgical pins in the arm. No implants.
Chase : It's clean as a whistle. What's House looking for?
Foreman : - What is that? - Don't know.
Foreman : Lock on it. Get a 3-D representation.
Cameron : Oh, my God.
House : The copper cross... a form of birth control pulled off the market in the '80s.
Foreman : - So she's allergic to copper. - Rare, but it happens.
Chase : Wouldn't she know she had an I.U.D.?
House : She had an abortion. I.U.D. must have been left in,
House : embedded in the endometrial tissue where it couldn't be detected.
Chase : So, all we have to do is remove the I.U.D.
UNK: Then the symptoms should subside.
UNK: I got this I.U.D. when I was 15. It-It's been more than 20 years.
Chase : Prolonged exposure to an allergen with minimal symptoms.
Chase : But at some point. all it takes is one last contact to cause a full-blown reaction.
UNK: Just like a balloon filled with air... One last breath, it explodes.
Augustine : The first time I got the rash was when I was washing the copper cookware.
Chase : And all your subsequent symptoms came from ingesting food prepared in it.
Augustine : Dr. House found his miracle.
Chase : I doubt he'll interpret it that way.
Augustine : You told me your favorite passage.
Augustine : Would you like to hear mine?
Augustine : "Celebrate and be glad,
UNK: because your brother was dead and is alive again".
Chase : The prodigal son.
Augustine : He'll be waiting for you when you're ready.
Chase : We'll schedule your surgery for tomorrow.
Wilson : The sixth circle of hell.
House : Confined in a sweat box with a bloody nose, and all the tissues are soggy.
Wilson : I think that's the seventh. No. The seventh is...
UNK: God, you must be fun at parties. I think we both know the flaw in that theory.
UNK: How's the sister? Heart rate is normal, kidneys functioning.
UNK: You know how it is with nuns. You take out their I.U.D.'s, they just bounce right back.
UNK: Great. Told you I didn't screw up.
Wilson : You screwed up. I gave her .1 c.c. of epinephrine.
Wilson : Yeah, and if Cuddy hadn't taken you off the case, you would have killed her.
UNK: You wanna come over for Christmas dinner?
House : You're Jewish. Yeah. Hanukkah dinner.
Wilson : What do you care? It's food. It's people. No, thanks.
UNK: Maybe I'll come to your place. Your wife doesn't mind being alone at Christmas?
Wilson : I'm a doctor. She's used to being alone.
UNK: I don't wanna talk about it. Neither do I.
Cuddy : You did good with the nun.
Cuddy : - Congratulations. - Thank you.
Cuddy : Merry Christmas, Dr. House. Dr. Wilson.
Wilson : Good night.
Wilson : That was sweet.