UNK: Soap Nurse : Dr. Brown, I love you too.
House : How are you feeling? A little weak.
Chase : - That's from the oxygen. - My mouth is dry.
Chase : Okay. Well, uh, I'll get you some of your tea.
Chase : Mixed connective tissue disease? Her A.N.A. is barely elevated.
House : Thanks for checking up on her. Good to know you got my back.
UNK: O2 sat's down to 83. Pulmonary problems, breathing problems.
House : Irritation from the oxygen is typical.
Cuddy : She comes in with a rash, and you put her into cardiac arrest.
House : That well just never runs dry, does it?
UNK: If there was no underlying problem, why is she still having the rapid heart rate?
Cuddy : Maybe from the herpetic encephalitis caused by you giving her prednisone.
House : Her reaction is a symptom, not an error.
Cuddy : There's always an explanation, isn't there? Yes, there is.
UNK: And if this one doesn't work, we'll find another. But never one involving you screwing up.
House : One that fits all the facts.
House : Look, we obviously have a difference of opinion, and that's fine.
House : But, unfortunately, I've used up all the time I budgeted today for banging my head against a wall.
UNK: I'm gonna do you the biggest favor one doctor can do for another.
UNK: I am gonna stop you from killing your patient.
Cuddy : You're off the case.
UNK: We're gonna treat the symptoms. Not the underlying condition?
Cuddy : There is no underlying condition. What's her status?
Chase : The sister's breathing is labored.
UNK: Pneumonitis from the hyperbaric chamber.
UNK: Put her on 40% oxygen until her O2 sats increase. B.U.N. and creatinine's rising.
Chase : A.L.T. and A.S.T. twice the normal range.
UNK: Could be from the hypotensive episode. Let's follow them with labs.
UNK: She still has the rash and joint pain she came in with.
UNK: Order a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory. When we were looking at the differential diagnosis with Dr. House,
UNK: we were considering... I don't need to hear what Dr. House was considering.
Cuddy : All of this woman's symptoms can be traced to Dr. House's considerations.
UNK: Okay.
Cuddy : Let's just get this patient healthy.
Cuddy : I want her going out the front door and not the back.
Foreman : Hey, it's not like I betrayed him.
Foreman : Cuddy would have found out about the hyperbaric treatments eventually.
Cameron : You did what you thought you had to.
Wilson : Can't get enough of this place, huh?
House : Came for my stethoscope.
Wilson : So I shouldn't read too much into the fact that you were looking for it...
Wilson : in the drawer with the epinephrine syringes in it?
House : Okay. Yeah, I'd like to clear my reputation.
UNK: Oh, right. I forgot how much you care about what people think.
Wilson : Prescribing cigarettes for inflammatory bowel?
UNK: That's, uh... They cause lung cancer, you know.
House : You know why they have ribbons for breast cancer,
House : colorectal cancer, prostate cancer... And not for lung cancer?
Wilson : They ran out of colors?