House : It's because people blame lung cancer patients.
UNK: They smoke. They screwed up. They deserve to die.
House : The reason people die from lung cancer is guilt.
Wilson : Huh. Well, guilt does a lot of damage.
House : You said that with great significance.
Wilson : You're not here to find your stethoscope. You're not here to clear your reputation.
Wilson : You're here because you're having doubts. You might have screwed up.
House : I'm here because, if I'm right, Cuddy is killing that patient.
Wilson : Okay. But if you're wrong?
House : Then she's saving her. Fine.
UNK: You're gonna have to go through every record of every patient...
Wilson : who's been through this clinic in the last two days.
Wilson : And you're gonna have to hope that those records can be trusted.
Wilson : Which, by the way, yours can't.
Chase : These pills will help your kidneys function a little better, Sister.
Chase : Get your wrist?
House : What's that?
UNK: 104.
Augustine : Is that good? It's fine.
Augustine : You're a lousy liar, Dr. Chase.
Chase : I have to get this. Excuse me.
Chase : My mother's been dead for 10 years.
House : But she's always with you in spirit.
House : What do you know about the nun? Which one?
House : The cute one. I think she likes me.
House : - The sick one, obviously. - Her parents died when she was a child.
Chase : She's been with the Church ever since. What's she lying about?
Chase : - Why do you say that? - I always say that.
UNK: And the old nun thinks the sick nun is a big fat nun liar.
House : You know nuns. What do you think? I don't know nuns.
House : You hate nuns. You can't hate someone if you don't know them.
Chase : Know any Nazis? Maybe I hate them on principle.
UNK: I have a theory about what makes good boys good.
House : It's not because of some moral imperative.
House : Good boys have the fear of God put into them.
House : Catholic Church specializes in that kind of training...
House : To make good boys afraid of divine retribution,
House : so they'll do what their daddies tell them...
House : Like, for example, going into medical school when it's the last thing they wanna do.
House : What do you think?
Chase : I think, if she did have a secret, her boss would know.
House : Did you paint or put in new carpets recently? No.
House : Any way she could have got access to drugs?
UNK: We lock all our medications in the infirmary, and we don't keep prescription drugs here.
Nun : Why haven't you asked Sister Augustine about these things directly?
House : I've found that when you want to know the truth about someone,
House : that someone is probably the last person you should ask.
Nun : Ah. And have you been speaking to Sister Eucharist?
House : She ratted out her fellow sister pretty quickly. Oh.
House : If I were you, I'd have her repeat a year of nun school.
UNK: Well, becoming a nun doesn't make you a saint.
House : Becoming a doctor doesn't make you a healer.
UNK: And just because we live in a monastery, and we spend most of our time in prayer,
Nun : doesn't mean we don't find time for drama.
House : So, what is the sick one's drama?
Nun : Sister Augustine lived in Catholic foster care until she came to us.
UNK: Sr. Augustine : - Tea? - Sure.