Castle : you were wearing a black dress that night.
Alyssa : So was every woman in here.
Castle : Yes, but only one of them knew that
Castle : there was a compartment inside that piece nearby.
Castle : It was a perfect plan.
UNK: Until Bryan Hayes showed up and saw you.
UNK: It wasn't me, I swear.
Beckett : You mean it wasn't just you.
Beckett : You didn't have the money to pay Falco,
Beckett : but you did use your position to place the piece in the exhibit.
UNK: I didn't "place" anything.
UNK: My piece was selected by the board,
Alyssa : just like all of the art in here.
Castle : Yes, and when the exhibit was done, it would come back to you,
Castle : only worth about 50 million more.
Alyssa : No, it wasn't coming back to me. I sold it last week.
Alyssa : It was going to...
Alyssa : Oh, my God!
Joy : I found Alyssa 's work compelling.
Joy : I'm not sure why I'm having to justify my taste in art.
Beckett : Because this particular piece
Beckett : just happened to have a bronze fist in it.
Joy : You found my Fist!
Beckett : Yes, right where you put it.
Beckett : You know, right about now, is where you should be thinking about
Beckett : whether pushing Hayes was an accident or not,
UNK: because that's gonna make a 30-year difference in your prison sentence.
Joy : You think I did that to Bryan Hayes?
Beckett : Now, we've obtained a warrant for your financials.
Beckett : And we will find evidence of the $200,000 you paid to William Holt,
Beckett : also known as Falco, to disable security at the museum.
Joy : I'm sorry, dear, you've lost me.
Beckett : CSU found your fingerprints all over the Fist.
Joy : Of course they did. It belongs to me.
Beckett : Bloody fingerprints. His blood.
Beckett : Your prints.
Beckett : It's over. You killed a man, Mrs. McHugh.
Joy : You don't understand.
Joy : My husband was going to take it away.
Joy : I just took what was rightfully mine.
UNK: Bryan Hayes showed up out of nowhere.
UNK: He saw me with the Fistin my hands. What was I supposed to do?
Beckett : You know what's ironic?
Beckett : Your husband would have let you have the Fist.
Beckett : He didn't even want it.
Beckett : The DA said that her husband called several times,
Beckett : begging to testify against her.
Serena : When can I collect the Fist?
Ryan : The insurance company's asking.
Beckett : Well, it's in evidence.
Beckett : Once the case is resolved, they'll release it.
Serena : I want to thank you.
Serena : I couldn't have done this without you. I'm really grateful.
UNK: So does that mean you're cutting me in on the finder's fee?
Serena : I'm not that grateful.
Serena : Well, I...
Beckett : I think we all ended up with what we wanted.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : You know, after you and Castle went on that date...
Serena : More like a sting.
Beckett : He never thought that you were involved.
Beckett : He believed in you, even when I didn't.
Serena : Why are you telling me this?
Beckett : It's just... I think that you should know
Beckett : what kind of person you're dealing with.
Castle : Here we are, ladies.
Castle : Thank you. Thank you.
Castle : Anything wrong?
Beckett : No, I should...
UNK: I'm just gonna go and file some stuff.
UNK: And I'm going back to my hotel.
Serena : I would ask you to come, but it's like I said,
Serena : I don't steal things that belong to someone else.
UNK: SIGHS
Beckett : You guys didn't go out?
UNK: No.
UNK: Why?
Castle : Because I can't afford it.
Castle : The museum just slapped me with a bill for that exhib I broke.
UNK: Whoa!
Castle : I know! You'd think they'd cut me some slack
UNK: after the whole "helping to solve the murder" thing.
UNK: I guess the least the NYPD can do is take you out for a hamburger.
Castle : I accept.
Beckett : Let's go.
Castle : I could put Alexis through college on this.
Beckett : Yeah, and med school.
Castle : Thank God I'm rich.