Holt : Bad cop struck out, good cop gets a turn?
Castle : I'm not a cop.
Holt : Then who are you?
Serena : That depends on who you ask.
UNK: I'm Der Geistin Zurich.
UNK: Panterain Spain.
Serena : Police Nationale know me as Gaston.
UNK: But you probably know me as Jackal.
Holt : The Prado.
UNK: '07?
Ryan : Are you saying that was you?
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
UNK: How'd you get by the sound sensors?
Serena : I had the Russian build me a wave-cancellation box.
Serena : Heard he built one for you for the Boston job.
Holt : That's no easy exit, Prado. How did you get the piece out?
Holt : The guard was so busy checking out my assets
Holt : that he didn't notice me cut the trip wire on the Goya's back.
UNK: I came in later on a skyline and whipped it right out.
UNK: SIGHING I'll be damned.
Holt : But now you're here, working with the cops.
UNK: So you must've got caught.
Serena : I got smart.
Serena : One day you realize that you or someone else is going to get hurt.
Holt : I didn't kill him.
Serena : But you were there.
UNK: INAUDIBLE
Castle : Think she'll get him to talk?
Beckett : Who knows, Castle. Maybe she'll kiss it out of him.
Holt : I wasn't hired to steal the Fist.
Holt : My contact told me that I was being paid
Holt : to test their security for vulnerabilities.
Holt : I was to break in, disable the alarm,
Holt : and walk out undetected, all before 10 p.m.
Holt : And for my trouble, I got 200 grand in advance.
Serena : Who hired you?
Holt : Church and state, love. Everything goes through a third party.
Castle : You know that. It's safer that way.
Serena : Mmm. Yeah, until you get set up.
Serena : The real thief needed you to disable the alarms.
Holt : Yeah, apparently.
Serena : What'd you see?
Holt : Nothing at first.
UNK: I mean, it had all been too easy.
Holt : I got halfway back to the loading bay when it hit me.
Beckett : I mean, I'd already disabled the alarms, right?
Holt : And it was just sitting there.
Serena : You went back for the Fist.
UNK: It's an awful lot of temptation, $50 mil.
UNK: When I got back to the roo there was a woman walking toward the Fist.
Holt : So I got the bloody hell out of there.
Martha : This woman, what did she look like?
Holt : I barely got a glimpse.
Holt : All I can say for sure is she was wearing a black dress.
SERENA : Come on, Beckett.
Serena : He's got no reason to lie.
Castle : He's a thief. He's got plenty of reasons to lie.
SERENA : Not about this.
Serena : He knows you've got nothing on him.
UNK: All he had to do was wait, and you'd have to release him.
Castle : If Falco is telling the truth, then with Hayes' money troubles,
UNK: the $200,000 payment to Falco rules him out.
Beckett : Well, then why would he go to the bar asking about fencing diamonds?
Serena : Because he was paranoid someone was trying to steal the Fist.
Castle : Not paranoid, right.
Castle : Which means our killer is probably
Castle : whomever Falco saw going into the room with the Fist.
Serena : And when Hayes got in the way, she spiked him.
Beckett : Did he say anything about what the woman looked like?
Serena : Just that she was wearing a black dress.
Beckett : There were over 200 people at that gala,
Beckett : and half of those women were wearing black.
Serena : And more importantly, if she didn't leave by the loading dock,
UNK: then how did she get the Fistout of the museum?
Beckett : Yeah, how did she?
Castle : She waits for Falco to finish disabling the system
Castle : and then she comes in through the gala.
Beckett : And with the alarm system deactivated, she grabs the Fist,
Beckett : but Hayes is paranoid about security,
Beckett : so he comes in to check on the exhibit.
Beckett : He catches her, and she's forced to kill him.
Serena : Now she's in a hurry to leave,
Serena : before someone discovers her with the Fistand a body.
Castle : But she can't take it out through the gala without being spotted.
Beckett : And she can't take it through the loading bay
Beckett : without one of the catering staff noticing her dressed in black.
Serena : Well, those are the only two exits,
Serena : and both of those choices leave too much to chance.
UNK: She would've easily gotten caught.
UNK: So, if she can't take it through the gala,
Beckett : and she can't take it through the loading bay,
Beckett : how the hell did she get it out of here?
Ryan : Maybe she didn't.
Beckett : What do you mean?
Castle : What I mean is...
Serena : What are you doing?
CASTLE : It never left the museum.
Serena : Mr. Castle!
Castle : Looks like I broke this case wide open.
Alyssa : You needed to see me, Detective?
Beckett : Yes, we need to talk to you about your installation.
Alyssa : Oh, my God, what happened?
CASTLE : It's a new interpretation I'm working on.
Castle : I call it Busted.
Alyssa : It's ruined. Who the hell did this?
Beckett : More to the point, who put the Fistin it?
UNK: The Fistwas inside it?
Castle : That way the thief didn't have to worry about smuggling it out.
UNK: She could simply rejoin the party.
UNK: "She?"
UNK: We know that whoever stole the Fistwas a woman wearing a black dress.
Beckett : The same woman that killed Mr. Hayes.
Castle : If I remember correctly,