Serena : I want that Fist, you want your murderer.
Serena : We have common goals.
Serena : I could consult on your case and share my insight.
Beckett : You know, that is an intriguing idea.
Beckett : No, thank you. That won't be necessary.
UNK: Well, can't blame a girl for trying.
Serena : Mr. Castle. Detective Beckett.
UNK: You know, we really could've used her. She has valuable assets.
Castle : Not those kind.
Beckett : Castle, she'd just get in the way.
UNK: Really?
Castle : And what if she's on to something?
UNK: Ryan,
UNK: check and see if all of the catering vans are accounted for,
Beckett : and interview all the catering staff,
Beckett : see if anyone saw anything unusual in the loading bay.
Castle : Now, was that so hard?
Castle : So for reasons unknown, Hayes thought
Castle : someone might swipe the Fist of Capitalism.
Castle : We don't know why, but he goes to check on it
Castle : and ends up paying for it with his life.
Beckett : Yeah, except as it turns out,
Beckett : that's not what the security video shows.
Castle : What does it show?
Beckett : The Fist, sitting there, undisturbed in the gallery.
Beckett : The thief tapped into the camera lines
Beckett : and rigged a pre-recorded loop.
Beckett : There's no prints, but CSU did find what they think is hair gel.
Beckett : Hair gel? Where would they find that?
UNK: In an air duct. In the air duct?
UNK: That's just wh at Serena...
Beckett : It's a lucky guess.
RYAN : So was the call on the loading bay.
Beckett : What do you mean?
Ryan : Two of the caterers recall seeing a blue Astro van parked there.
Ryan : Same color as the catering vans, but without the company logo.
Castle : Imagine that.
Beckett : Did we get a descripti on on anyone in the van?
Ryan : No, but I put an APB out on it.
GATES : Beckett!
Ryan : Oh, great, what'd you do now?
Beckett : Shut up!
UNK: SPUTTERS
GATES : Detective, I believe you've met Serena Kaye?
Serena : Hello again.
Beckett : What are you doing here?
Gates : Ms. Kaye has presented me with a very compelling proposal.
Beckett : Yeah, I am familiar with her proposal.
Gates : Difference is, I like what I heard.
Beckett : Captain Gates...
Gates : She has expertise, which she can bring as a consultant on this case.
Beckett : Sir, I prefer working with my team.
Gates : Which includes a consultant with no expertise at anything.
UNK: Serena will be a value-add, for a change.
Serena : I look forward to working with you.
Beckett : I will give you this, you've got some gigantic balls.
Serena : What I said about the thie did I turn out to be right?
Serena : I'm about results, Detective.
Serena : This is the best way for both of us to get what we want.