Serena : I have an idea.
Serena : Why don't we skip dessert?
Castle : Well, what's the rush?
Castle : I hear the strawberry shortcake here is excellent.
Serena : Wouldn't you rather come up to my room for a drink?
UNK: The strawberries are supposed to be really fresh.
Ryan : Oh, great.
Serena : We can order them from room service.
UNK: With extra whip cream.
UNK: MOBILE PHONE BLEEPS
Beckett : I think I found something.
Beckett : It's a message between Seren and a bunch of fences.
UNK: Guess who's trying to seIID Flawless diamonds?
Beckett : I think I found something, too.
Esposito : The tools of the trade.
Esposito : As well as an ISI.
UNK: SCOFFS
SERENA : There it is.
UNK: The Skyline Suite.
BECKETT : Hey!
Serena : What are you doing here?
Beckett : Arresting you for theft.
Beckett : And murder.
Beckett : Wait, so now you're telling me that you don't believe she's in on this?
Castle : Why would she tell me she's a thief? Why offer that up?
Beckett : Because she's feeding you just enough truth
Beckett : so that swallowing the lies is easier.
Castle : I don't think she's behind this.
Beckett : Yeah, well, you're thinking with the wrong body part.
Castle : It was only a kiss.
Castle : I was doing what you told me to, keeping her occupied.
Castle : I was trying to give you enough time
Castle : so that you could search her room.
Beckett : Yes! The room, the room where we found the suitcase and the email,
Beckett : which all stands as evidence against her right now.
Castle : I just think we should give her a chance to explain.
UNK: "We"? No, there is no way we're going in on the interrogation together.
UNK: Oh, come on.
Beckett : I'm sorry, Castle, but right now,
Beckett : based on this conversation and your behavior in that hotel,
Beckett : it is obvious that you have been compromised.
UNK: I was only doing
Castle : what you asked.
Castle : Thought I'd sit this one out.
BECKETT : I gotta hand it to you.
Beckett : This whole long con you've got going?
Beckett : It's impressive.
Beckett : Cozying up to insurance companies,
Beckett : telling them that you want to go straight,
Beckett : all the while, waiting for your next score.
Beckett : What are you talking about?
Beckett : The only catch was that you knew you needed Hayes,
Beckett : but you knew you couldn't get away with it if you let him live.
Beckett : So you insinuated yourself into my investigation to cover your tracks.
Serena : And here I thought Rick was the only writer on your team.
UNK: "Rick"? You guys on a first-name basis now?
Esposito : Well, he was making out with her in the hotel hallway.
Castle : Beckett told me to stall her!
Esposito : She also tell you to use tongue?
BECKETT : I don't need to spin stories.
UNK: I've got you meeting Bryan Hayes the day before the heist.
SERENA : Yes, to go over security for the gala. He was concerned.
UNK: Concerned? He was involved.
Serena : I didn't know that it was all an act at the time.
Beckett : If that meeting was so innocent,
Beckett : then why didn't you tell us about it before?
Serena : Because it's not like I'm particularly proud of the fact
Serena : that I didn't figure out what he was up to.
Serena : If I had, then the sculpture wouldn't be stolen,
Serena : and he might still be alive.
Ryan : Man, she's really selling the whole
UNK: "thief with the heart of gold" act.
Castle : Maybe it's not an act.
Esposito : She is being really calm in there.