Serena : Think of it as a merger.
Beckett : More like a hostile takeover.
Beckett : I'll have Detective Ryan bring you up to speed.
RYAN : He bypassed security cameras here and here.
Ryan : Then, near as we can figure,
Ryan : he left via the loading bay in a blue van.
UNK: And that's pretty much where we are.
Castle : What about the security footage that
Castle : Hayes was looking at from two weeks ago?
Castle : If the killer had cased out the exhibit, maybe he's on that video.
Ryan : Well, see, that's the problem,
Ryan : because security downloads all the camera footage into flash drives,
Ryan : and Hayes checked out one of the flash drives,
Ryan : but now it's missing.
Ryan : It wasn't in his office and wasn't on his body either.
Castle : Maybe the killer took it.
UNK: Because he knew he was on it.
Serena : So what's our next move?
Beckett : Major Case Squad sent in a list
Beckett : of all of the fences that might be interested
Beckett : in a piece like the Fist, and so we are looking into that now.
UNK: The Fistis too hot to handle now that there's a body's on it.
Serena : So the thief may try to fence off the diamonds,
Serena : but he won't do business with anyone on that list.
Serena : Anyone on it is yesterday's news.
Beckett : Well, do you have a better idea?
UNK: Yo, guys, I found somethin I was going over the security...
CASTLE : Detective Esposito, this is Serena Kaye.
Castle : She's with us.
UNK: Okay, anyhow,
Esposito : we found these clamped to the wires on the security system.
Esposito : It basically cancels out the alarm signals before they reach the computer.
Esposito : It's called an ISI or...
Serena : An inductive signal interrupter.
UNK: This one's custom-made.
Serena : I recognize it. From where?
Serena : From a report I read on the 1992 Vermeer theft in Brussels.
Serena : The same thief used these to steal a dozen other paintings.
Serena : These are his signature. I know who took the Fist.
Serena : It's Falco.
Beckett : Falco what? Does he have a last name?
Serena : No one knows. He's never been caught.
Serena : He's never even been photographed.
Serena : He's a top art thief in Europe,
Serena : though he hasn't worked in years.
Serena : Rumor was he'd gone out of the game.
UNK: Nothing like $50 million to pull you out of retirement.
Serena : Now that we have some direction, I can get us some leads.
Beckett : Great, let's go. You can't come.
Beckett : I'm sorry, you might have misunderstood the word "consultant."
Beckett : This is my case.
Serena : The people there won't talk to cops, but they'll talk to me.
Beckett : Where are you going?
Castle : I'm not a cop, either.
UNK: So...
UNK: Fine.
Castle : She's with us?
UNK: Let's get a hold of Interpol.
Beckett : I want to find out everything we can about Falco.
SERENA : You're an interesting man, Mr. Castle.
Serena : Crime fighter by day, mystery writer by night.
Castle : You are pretty interesting yourself.
UNK: So, are we meeting a secret informant?
Serena : Ooh, I guess Beckett doesn't just keep you around for your good looks.
Serena : This place is as infamous as it is anonymous.
UNK: Serena.
Finn : Why you been such a stranger You don't love me no more?
UNK: Oh, Vin, I've been busy.
Finn : Busy with what? Jason Bateman over here?
Castle : Hey, that got me out of a speeding ticket once.
UNK: Hey, Vin, this is time sensitive. We can play catch up later.
Serena : Right now I need to know if anyone's moving
UNK: D Flawless diamonds, a lot of them.
UNK: Timeframe?
UNK: They might've hit the market as early as last night.
Finn : These babies hot?
Castle : Like a supernova.
UNK: Can't help you.
Finn : Well, you know, there was a guy
Finn : who came my way a few days ago.
UNK: Real cagey-like, tried to take my temp on a piece of art