UNK: Really? An insurance investigator?
Castle : A sexy insurance investigator.
Castle : I think she'd make a great character for my next book.
Martha : Well, you seem rather taken with her.
UNK: I find her impressive.
Martha : What's she like?
Beckett : She's an uncooperative, cocky, stubborn know-it-all.
UNK: Dr Carter Burke : But she is good at her job?
UNK: Yeah, well, Castle seems to think so.
Burke : And that bothers you?
Beckett : Yes, of course it bothers me.
UNK: Why?
Castle : Because he's supposed to be...
UNK: SIGHS
Burke : Be what?
Beckett : My partner.
Beckett : I mean, he's supposed to be on my team.
Beckett : He's not supposed to be all smitten.
UNK: "Smitten"? Mother, I think "intrigued" is a better word.
Serena : So, what's our next move?
UNK: Move?
Martha : Richard, honestly.
Martha : Beckett has made it plain that she's not available, for now.
Martha : And now you've met this woman,
Martha : she's smart, she's incredibly attractive, you're intrigued by her.
Martha : Why not ask her out?
Beckett : It's complicated.
Burke : Why is it complicated?
Beckett : You know why it's complicated.
Burke : Only what you've told me.
UNK: Kate,
Beckett : what are you really scared of?
Burke : That he won't wait for you?
Burke : Or that he will?
UNK: Hey.
Beckett : Hey, I figured that you were with Serena.
Castle : No, she had a meeting with her bosses this morning.
Beckett : Oh, so you already saw her this morning.
Castle : No, she texted me. Oh!
Castle : You thought that we were...
UNK: Yeah, I mean, it's pretty obvious that she really likes you, so...
Serena : It is? Mmm-hmm.
Castle : So then you think I should
Castle : pursue it?
Beckett : You know, I mean, suit yourself.
UNK: Yo.
Esposito : That getaway van the thief used?
Esposito : It was dumped in an alley in Queens.
Beckett : Any prints? No, wiped clean.
Esposito : Very professional.
Esposito : But CSU did find traces of that hair gel on the headrest.
Esposito : Trying to ID the manufacturer.
Ryan : Hey, Beckett. Got that stuff on Hayes.
UNK: Well, during the past year, the guy shelled out some major cash
Ryan : to pay for his mother's long-term-care bills.
Ryan : Financially, the m an was deep underwater.
UNK: He probably thought the Fist was his only solution.
UNK: We also found some suspicious emails on his laptop.
Ryan : Stuff about the museum's security system.
Ryan : Tech traced them to an anonymous account.
Castle : Falco knows how to cover his tracks.
Ryan : One of them mentions a meeting the day before the heist.
Beckett : If we can figure out where they met,
Beckett : it might lead us to Falco's identity.
Ryan : I'm guessing it took place sometime between 12 : 00 and 2 : 00 p.m.,
Ryan : since that's the only time Hayes left the museum.
UNK: Wait a minute, I got something on his phone records for that day.
UNK: 11 : 06 a.m., he made a one-minute phone call to Ascana's Restaurant.
CASTLE : He was making reservations.
UNK: How much do you wanna bet it was for two?
Castle : Him And Falco.
WOMAN : Sure, I remember Mr. Hayes.
Hostess : Three days ago. They sat in a corner booth.
Beckett : So he was here with someone?
UNK: Definitely.
Hostess : The two of them were having a real intense conversation.
Beckett : Do you remember what this person looked like?
Hostess : She was tall, blonde, gorgeous.
Beckett : Wait, Hayes was he re with a woman?
Hostess : That's right. She was in her 30s, but still really hot.
CASTLE : Wait a minute.
Castle : Did she look like this?
Hostess : Yeah, that's her.
Beckett : It's Serena.
Beckett : She's our thief.
RYAN : No, no, thank you.
Ryan : Hey, just got off with the insurance company.
Ryan : Guess what Serena did before she worked for them?
Castle : Kindergarten teacher?
Serena : Art thief.
Ryan : Alleged art thief. Whatever.
RYAN : Suspected of pulling off some major jobs between '01 and '06.
Ryan : Prado, Uffizi, Houston.
Ryan : But they could nev er pin anything on her.
Beckett : Well, how the hell did she end up working insurance?
Esposito : About five years ago, she went to the company
Esposito : and said she wanted to make good.
Esposito : Even told them where they were going wrong with their security.