Castle : Let me guess, she suggested that they all work together.
Castle : Well, at least she's consistent.
Beckett : And nostalgic.
UNK: Looks like she's back to her old tricks again.
Ryan : Only now she's added a new one. Murder.
Beckett : That's why she knew how the thief got into the museum.
Beckett : She was the thief.
Esposito : Then she partnered up with us to steer us to the mythical Falco.
Castle : She played me.
Beckett : Don't worry, Castle, you're not the only one.
Gates : She's in on it?
Beckett : We're not exactly sure, sir, but the evidence suggests...
Gates : I want her in custody, Detective. Now.
Beckett : Our case is circumstantial.
Gates : Get something concrete.
Gates : I will not have this department publicly humiliated.
Beckett : Yes, sir.
Beckett : So where is she now?
Castle : At her hotel.
Castle : She invited me for a drink.
ESPOSITO : Did she?
Esposito : Doesn't look like she's in a rush to leave town.
UNK: Well...
Beckett : Then we press our one advantage.
Beckett : She doesn't know we're on to her.
UNK: So we make a run at her without her finding out.
UNK: And how are we going to do that?
UNK: Simple.
UNK: Beckett voiceover : Castle asks her out on a date.
CASTLE : I do?
BECKETT : It's what you wanted, isn't it?
UNK: Beckett voiceover : All you have to do is keep her out of her room.
UNK: Beckett voiceover : And take her to the restaurant at the hotel.
UNK: Beckett voiceover : Then just show her a good time.
UNK: Beckett voiceover : And while you keep her occupied, we get into her room.
CASTLE : So what am I doing on this date?
UNK: Am I trying to trip her up, get her to break?
UNK: Beckett voiceover : No, just stall her.
UNK: Beckett voiceover : Make some jokes, you know, small talk.
UNK: Beckett voiceover : The important thing is to keep her out of her hotel room so we can search it.
Ryan : So, what do you say, Castle?
Beckett : Think you can charm her for an hour?
CASTLE : Are you serious?
UNK: Absolutely.
UNK: I was gonna give you one more day.
UNK: And then you were gonna ask me out yourself?
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Serena : Well, I'm a woman who believes in going after what she wants.
Castle : I can see that.
UNK: Besides, I hardly made it a secret that I was attracted to you,
Serena : and I could tell you felt the same way about me.
Castle : Well, looks like neither one of us
UNK: are very good at keeping secrets.
Esposito : Nothing so far. You find anything?
UNK: No.
UNK: Hmm.
Esposito : You really want to nail this chick, don't you?
Beckett : Yeah, well, it's what we do, isn't it?
Beckett : Catch bad guys?
Beckett : Yeah, but
Esposito : seems like it might be about more than that.
UNK: Just keep looking, okay?
UNK: So, why choose to be an insurance investigator?
Castle : It's really not something most little girls aspire to be when they grow up.
UNK: It's a recent career change.
UNK: Really? What did you do before?
Serena : Actually, I was a thief.
Beckett : Get out!
Serena : Well, that's what the museums like to call me.
Serena : I prefer to think of myself as an "art retriever."
Castle : What's the difference?
Serena : The pieces I took had already been
Serena : stolen from their rightful owners.
Serena : Taken by Nazis, despots, governments.
Serena : Just because a piece is in a museum, doesn't mean it belongs there.
UNK: Seriously?
Serena : I specialized in returning art to their rightful owners,
UNK: starting with the small Rembrandt an SS officer took from my grandfather.
Castle : So you were kind of like the female Indiana Jones,
Castle : only without the hat and whip.
Serena : Well, without the hat.
Castle : It's getting hot in here.
UNK: GIGGLES