UNK: covered with a crapload of Flawless D's.
UNK: Hmm.
Finn : Yeah, some sort of marble hand or something.
Serena : This guy, what did he look like?
Esposito : Serena was right. Falco's a badass.
Esposito : Look how fat his Interpol file is.
UNK: He lifted a Renoir from the Pushkin in '96,
Esposito : and a Monet in '99, always using an ISI.
Beckett : Doesn't look like Falco's killed anybody before.
Esposito : First time for everything, I guess.
Beckett : Yeah, especially when Hayes stood between him and 50 million.
Esposito : Though according to Interpol, Falco doesn't steal for himself.
Esposito : He's more of a gun for hire.
Esposito : Someone wants a Picasso, he boosts it for them.
UNK: Which gives us the second path to our killer.
Beckett : If we can't find Falco, then we look for whoever hired him to steal the Fist.
UNK: Joy Mchugh : I'll tell you who hired him.
UNK: Joy Mchugh : Anton McHugh, my son-of-a-bitch husband.
UNK: The Fistbelongs to me and Anton.
Joy : We loaned it to the museum from our collection.
Beckett : Why would your husband steal it?
Joy : To screw me over.
Esposito : Right, but you said that he owns it.
Joy : He owns half of it.
Beckett : You were going through a divorce.
UNK: MRS. McHUGH : We keep up appearances.
Joy : Mostly because neither of us will give up the Fifth Avenue apartment.
Joy : But this?
Joy : This time Anton has hit a new low.
Beckett : So then, you're fighting over the Fist?
Joy : I think it should stay in the museum.
Joy : It's a work of art. It should be enjoyed by the public.
Esposito : Right, but your husband's not onboard?
UNK: There is an understatement.
Joy : At our last meeting with the divorce attorneys,
Joy : he screamed at me that he would get the Fistback
Joy : by any means necessary.
Beckett : Yeah, but saying that he wanted the Fistback
UNK: doesn't necessarily mean that he hired someone to steal it.
Joy : Yes, it does.
Joy : Because he's tried to steal it before.
Beckett : Mr. McHugh, a curious incident happened two weeks ago,
Beckett : when the Fist of Capitalism was on its way to the museum.
Beckett : Two men claiming to be from the moving company tried to intercept it.
UNK: My understanding is that was a bit of a mix-up.
Beckett : Now, there were no charges filed,
Beckett : but both men had long criminal histories.
Anton : I had nothing to do with this.
Anton : Never even so much as made contact with them.
UNK: But interestingly, your divorce lawyer did.
Ryan : Made lots of phone calls to the men right before this "mix-up."
Beckett : Where's Falco?
UNK: Who?
Beckett : After your first failed attempt to steal the Fist,
Beckett : you decided to hire a better class of thief.
Beckett : Unfortunately, he ended up killing Bryan Hayes in the process.
Ryan : Which makes you an accessory to murder.
UNK: What?
Anton : You're out of your mind.
Anton : Wait a second, I bet Joy is behind this.
Beckett : Trust me, Mr. McHugh,
UNK: your divorce is gonna be the least of your problems
Beckett : if you don't tell us where Falco is.
UNK: I never heard of any Falco,
Anton : and I didn't take the Fist, all right?
Anton : Truth is, I didn't even want the damn thing.
Anton : I just wanted Joy to think I wanted it.
Beckett : And why is that?
Anton : I thought if I made Joy think it meant something to me,
Anton : she'd give me the vineyard in Napa.
Anton : Now that it's gone, that bag of Botox is gonna clean me out.
Ryan : So, what do you think?
Ryan : You believe him?
Beckett : Either way, we don't have enough to subpoena McHugh's financials to...
Beckett : Doesn't look like Falco was working with McHugh.
Beckett : Well, who was he working with?
Castle : The museum's director.
UNK: Bryan Hayes.
Beckett : Our victim?
Castle : A man matching Hayes' description
Castle : met with Serena's contact a few days ago,
UNK: asking aboutD Flawless diamonds.
Ryan : Hayes was in on the theft? He must've hired Falco to steal the Fist.
Castle : Yeah, only Falco decided to keep it.
Serena : So he murdered Hayes.
Beckett : If Hayes was a co-conspirator, that might lead us to Falco.
Beckett : Let's take a look at his financials...
UNK: The usual, yeah. Yeah.
UNK: I'll work some of my other sources.
Serena : See if we can get a line on him.
Castle : Another jaunt into Manhattan's seedy underbelly? Count me in.
Serena : Sorry, no need for a guy Friday on this one.
Serena : I'll just be making phone calls. Boring stuff.
Serena : But I'll catch you later?
CASTLE : Catch me anytime.