UNK: Yeah, like strangely calm.
Ryan : Maybe she didn't do it.
Ryan : Either that or she's a psychopath.
Ryan : In which case, you sure can pick 'em.
BECKETT : We found the tools that you used to break into the museum.
UNK: The rope, grappling hook, lock picks.
Serena : I specialize in recovery.
Ryan : The insurance companies don't care
Serena : how I get the pieces back, just that I do.
Beckett : So, basically, you're still a thief.
UNK: Recovery, not theft.
Beckett : And what part of recovery involves trying to sell
UNK: D Flawless diamonds on the black market?
Serena : Falco may try to move those stones,
Serena : I was trying to flush out his possible fences.
Serena : Listen, I've done my homework on you, Detective.
Serena : I know that you're a smart, methodical cop with great instincts.
Serena : And those instincts are telling you right now that I'm innocent.
Serena : For some reason, you're ignoring them. Why is that?
Beckett : Ms. Kaye, your job is recovery, as you call it.
Beckett : My job is to solve this homicide.
Serena : Then why don't you put aside your personal agenda,
Serena : and ask me for my alibi so we can move on with this investigation?
Serena : For the record, I was in a business meeting with one of my bosses
Serena : when I got the call, if you wanna check.
UNK: If you're telling the trut then why have you been going behind our backs?
Serena : Because in my experience, the police just get in the way.
Serena : My job is to recover the sculpture, not play nice.
Serena : But you're right, I've been treating this like a regular case, and it's not.
Serena : So, I promise, from here on out, no more secrets.
UNK: It won't be necessary. We won't be working together anymore.
Serena : Would it change your mind if I told you I know who Falco is?
Anton : What you're watching right now
Serena : is security footage from the museum exhibit from two weeks ago.
Beckett : You stole Hayes' flash drive That's why it went missing?
Castle : Remember, you're trying to get us to trust you.
Serena : At least I meant it when I kissed you.
Serena : It wouldn't have done you any good.
UNK: You wouldn't know what to look for.
UNK: You see that guy right there He's casing the joint.
Castle : How can you tell?
Serena : Trust me. I can tell.
Beckett : So you're saying that's... Falco.
Beckett : Why didn't you tell us this before?
UNK: I didn't get a chance to show you. I guess you were busy.
Castle : Okay, okay, perhaps we can just focus on getting this guy.
BECKETT : Well, how's this supposed to help?
Beckett : We don't even know his real name.
Beckett : Well, the only thing we can do
UNK: is send photos out to TSA and put out an APB.
Beckett : Otherwise, without more information it's not gonna do us any good.
UNK: What if I could tell which hotel he was staying at?
Esposito : The gel in the vents and on the headrest of the van?
Esposito : CSU identified it as a proprietary formula
Esposito : made exclusively for the Wessex Hotel.
Castle : There's only one in the city.
Beckett : Let's get the photos out to the hotel employees.
Beckett : If one of them recognizes him, we got him.
Esposito : Right on.
UNK: MUZAK PLAYING
UNK: NYPD! Let me see your hands!
UNK: Let me see your hands right now!
UNK: Hands right now!
Esposito : Hello, Falco.
UNK: Falco?
UNK: William Holt : I've got no idea what you're talking about.
UNK: William Holt : My name is Holt, William Holt.
Beckett : Yes, William Holt, British passport.
Beckett : You just got into town two weeks ago.
UNK: You also happened to be in Bilbao, 10 years ago,
Beckett : when the Pissarro went missing.
Beckett : And then in Berlin, 15 years ago,
Beckett : when that El Greco disappeared.
Castle : Don't know anything about that.
Beckett : Drop the act, Falco.
Beckett : We've got a video of you casing the museum two weeks ago.
Beckett : That is you, isn't it?
Holt : Whenever I come to a new town,
Holt : I always take time out to admire the city's treasures.
Holt : Is that a crime?
Martha : No, no.
Castle : But sneaking back in and stealing them is.
BECKETT : Look familiar?
Beckett : It was used to disarm the security systems in the museum.
Beckett : They also found matching ones in Bilbao and Berlin.
Holt : If you say so.
Holt : I, for one, have never seen anything like that.
BECKETT : The hotel that you're staying at, it's nice, isn't it?
Beckett : They even have their very ow exclusive hair products.
Castle : Hair products that left a trace in the air duct system.
Castle : And by the way, hair gel, not very manly.
Holt : Hundreds of people are staying at my hotel,
Holt : and I'm pretty sure you didn't find prints on that.
Holt : So, what exactly were you planning to book me on?
Holt : This Falco person you're chasing,
Holt : are you sure he's your guy?
Holt : From what I know about him, he's no murderer.
UNK: He may not be as involved as you think.
SERENA : He's trying to tell us something.
Beckett : Yeah, to politely go to hell.
Serena : No, he went out of his way to tell us he's not the murderer.
Beckett : Well, most people do that in the room.
Beckett : CSU come back with anything from the hotel?
UNK: Nothing. No equipment, no Fist.
Castle : What are you thinking?
SERENA : He knows something.
Serena : But he can't tell us without admitting he was there.
Serena : Let me talk to him.
BECKETT : You're kidding, right?
Beckett : He's a suspect, and you're not even a cop.
Serena : No, I'm a thief, like him.
Serena : He'll talk to me.
UNK: Whoa!