UNK: Kate Beckett : Getting ready for your close-up, Castle?
Castle : No, just trying to discern the hidden meaning.
Castle : Is it about the rise of technology? Rampant narcissism?
Castle : Or did someone just ha ve a lot of extra TVs?
UNK: Yeah, well, sometimes you don't need to know what it's about.
UNK: Sometimes it's just art.
Castle : Why, Detective Beckett, how very existential of you.
Castle : Let me guess. Art Theory in college?
Beckett : No, the closest I ever came
Beckett : to taking an art class was posing for one as a model.
UNK: Wait. Posing in?
Beckett : Not a stitch.
UNK: Oh!
UNK: Meet Bryan Hayes, 39. Executive director of the museum.
Castle : Looks like somebody gave him liberty and gave him death.
Beckett : Any idea when this happened?
UNK: Hayes was last seen at 10 : by a Myrna Ramsey,
Serena : the museum's development director.
UNK: His body was discovered around 10 : 21,
UNK: so the killer must have struck sometime within that window.
Beckett : Killing him during the gala, it's pretty ballsy.
Esposito : My money's on he walked in on the other crime
Esposito : being committed here tonight.
MYRNA : It's called the Fist of Capitalism.
Myrna : A searing indictment of our consumer-driven culture.
UNK: SOFTLY Somebody stole the Fist of Capitalism?
Castle : Anyone check up the ass of socialism?
Beckett : How much was it worth, Mrs. Ramsey?
UNK: 50 million.
Myrna : The diamonds alone were worth 30.
UNK: The Fistwas on loan to us.
UNK: Mr. Hayes assured the owners it would be safe.
UNK: I notice that you have cameras,
Beckett : so there's obviously a security system.
Beckett : Why wasn't the alarm triggered?
UNK: It should've been, the moment anyone stepped into this room.
Myrna : My security team is trying to determine why it wasn't.
Beckett : Okay, well, we'll need a list of
Beckett : all the people who attended the gala,
Beckett : along with the videos from the cameras.
Myrna : Of course.
Beckett : We'll also need to talk to whoever found the body.
Alyssa : I can't believe this.
Alyssa : This is the worst day of my life.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Were you close to Mr. Hayes, Alyssa?
Alyssa : We worked together. I helped him curate this exhibit.
Alyssa : He was a lovely man and very supportive of young artists like me.
Ryan : So you're an artist?
Alyssa : This is my day job. Art is my passion.
Alyssa : Mr. Hayes even put one of my sculptures in the exhibit.
Ryan : Did Mr. Hayes have any family?
UNK: A mother in Idaho, I think.
UNK: So, Mr. Hayes was supposed to work the crowd tonight, right?
Ryan : What do you think he was doing over here?
Alyssa : I know he was worried about the Fist of Capitalism.
Alyssa : Especially with the gala, and the people and all the distractions...
UNK: Wait.
UNK: Are you saying that he was worried someone might steal the Fist?
Alyssa : Ever since it got here.
Alyssa : He even reviewed the security video of the Fist
Alyssa : going back two weeks to when we first put it on display.
Alyssa : I thought he was being paranoid.
Alyssa : I guess he knew something I didn't.
CASTLE : $50 million.
Castle : That's why Hayes was AWOL from the gala.
Castle : He came to check on the Fist.
Beckett : But the thief was already on his way out with it.
Castle : Through this gallery, which put him on a collision cours with Hayes.
Beckett : So Hayes confronts him, they struggle,
Beckett : and Hayes gets pushed into the spikes.
Castle : And at that moment our thief becomes a killer.
Beckett : A killer who gains access to the museum through the gala.
UNK: Serena Kaye : That's not likely.
UNK: Serena Kaye : All arriving guests were screened at two security checkpoints,
UNK: Serena Kaye : and then greeted by board members who knew them personally.
UNK: Serena Kaye : Odds are, the thief came in through the roof.
UNK: Serena Kaye : An air vent, probably, and then disabled the alarms.
Beckett : I'm sorry, who are you?
Serena : I'm Serena Kaye, the museum's insurance investigator.
Beckett : So, if the thief g ot in through the vent,
UNK: then how did he get out?
Serena : The loading bay.
Serena : The guards there checked everyone entering,
Serena : but they didn't check people leaving.
Serena : Plus, the bay was full of catering vans.
UNK: He could've had one waiting for him, and just blended right in.
Castle : Oh, she's good.
Beckett : At theory, but what about proof?
Serena : I don't need proof to know that I'm right. It's my job.
Serena : And I can help you with yours.
Beckett : How so?
Serena : I get a 1% finder's fee for recovering stolen objects.