Rachel : How would you like it if I had sex with you and I taped it?
Rachel : Oh, forget it.
UNK: There he is, the father of my child, the porn king of the West Village.
UNK: It was an accident, okay?
Ross : I feel bad. I swear, I didn't even watch it.
Ross : Anyway, here.
Ross : You might be more comfortable destroying it yourself.
Ross : Thank you.
UNK: What?
UNK: -You don't want to see this, do you? -Hell, yeah!
Rachel : I am not gonna show you this.
Phoebe : Not the sex part. Just the stuff leading up to it.
Rachel : Forget it.
UNK: We'll think of another way to put the "who came on to who" thing to rest.
Phoebe : Come on now, think!
UNK: It's Rachel's tape, and she can do whatever she wants.
Ross : And she wants to destroy it, so end of story.
UNK: -I want to see it. -What?
UNK: You don't want us to see this.
UNK: You so badly don't want us to see it that it makes me want to see it.
UNK: Are we watching the tape or not?
UNK: -It's for your sake. -I don't believe you.
UNK: I think you don't want them to see you begging me.
Ross : -Rachel, please? -Oh, a little preview.
UNK: Fine. I want the record to show that I tried to take the high road.
Ross : Because in about five minutes, I'm gonna be saying..
Rachel : Okay, here we go.
UNK: I'm so happy.
UNK: Thank God you're here. Help me. Were you talking to yourself?
Rachel : -There I am. -You're gonna get pregnant.
Rachel : I screwed up so bad.
UNK: I told Monica that I'd send those wedding invitations weeks ago.
UNK: You didn't do it?
UNK: I put them in my desk at work, and forgot about them until today.
UNK: Sweetie, it's okay. Everybody made it to the wedding. I'm fine.
UNK: -Kind of hurting my hand though. -I know.
UNK: I can't believe it, especially after Monica went on and on about it.
UNK: "Here are the invitations, Rachel. Be very careful, Rachel.
Rachel : Please, drinking no liquids around the invitations, Rachel."
Chandler : Did you do it on our invitations?
Ross : Not on the ones we sent out.
UNK: So just the ones you gave back to us and we had framed?
Rachel : It seems like yesterday they just got engaged.
Monica : I know.
Ross : Remember the night they got engaged? How you and I almost..
Rachel : Oh, I remember how we almost.
UNK: You think we would've gone through with it?
UNK: You think we would have done it?
Ross : I know I wanted to. I just wasn't sure if you did.
Rachel : Oh, I wanted to.
UNK: So we both wanted to.
UNK: Interesting.