Foreman : As long as you get the mom and Shakira to consent.
Foreman : It's no different than having a priest or rabbi lead a prayer vigil.
Foreman : The mom is scared and confused
Foreman : and desperate for anything that'll give her hope.
UNK: True.
House : But in the long run, I think you'll be happier
House : having our lawyer declare her unfit.
House : That way, you won't be ratifying superstition
House : over science and I'll still be working here.
Foreman : And why would that make me happier?
Foreman : You're not going anywhere, and we're not ratifying their beliefs.
Foreman : We're respecting them.
House : You do realize it may involve animal sacrifice?
UNK: People who live in glass hospitals shouldn't throw exorcisms.
Foreman : I'll talk to the mother.
Xang : I don't want to deny him the medicine.
Chase : I just
Lida : want to make sure I try everything I can.
Foreman : I understand that.
Foreman : But you have to understand that we're a hospital, not a temple.
Lida : Then I'll take him elsewhere.
Foreman : No, you won't.
Foreman : He's sick. We can't let him leave here.
Foreman : I'm sorry. You really have no choice.
Lida : I spoke to a lawyer.
Lida : He told me as long as I wasn't saying no to your treatment,
Lida : you couldn't say no to my religion.
Foreman : Give me 24 hours.
Dominika : This came in the mail today.
Chase : I'm sorry.
UNK: I should have told you but...
UNK: Tell me what?
Dominika : I don't understand.
House : What's the letter?
Dominika : It's from my uncle in Poland. My Aunt Luba,
UNK: they put in the nursing home two months ago.
House : That's too bad.
Dominika : My mother, I talk to her twice a week
Dominika : and she never even mentioned it.
Dominika : What does she think, that I can't handle? I'm 29 years old!
Dominika : I am not a child!
Dominika : Were you going out tonight?
House : I could stay.
Lida : He's still barely breathing.
UNK: Lue,
Adams : how you feeling?
Adams : Any stronger?
Adams : Lue? Can you hear me?
Lida : What's wrong? I'm not sure.
Adams : Lue, I need you to squeeze my hand.
Adams : He's not responding. Get me an amp of D50.
Lida : You're wrong again?
Lida : I'm calling his grandfather.
Taub : What about a carotid aneurysm?
Taub : We should do an angiogram.
Adams : He's got normal carotid pulses.
House : Who cares?
House : Mom's given up, why shouldn't I?
Chase : I'm sorry. Do we not treat idiots because I thought...
UNK: And her kid levitated.
Taub : That happens to my girl, I'm expanding my diagnostic horizons.