Chase : I'll be right there.
Adams : Biopsy was negative for fibrosis.
Lida : So once again you don't know what's wrong.
Taub : It's always good to rule out the bad things.
UNK: Doctors.
UNK: God.
Chase : Was he...
UNK: Yes.
Taub : He was levitating.
UNK: Cool.
House : So the one thing we know for sure is, he was not levitating.
Adams : He was floating six inches off the bed.
Chase : He could've just been arching his back off the bed.
Taub : Yes. But then I would have come into the room and reported
Taub : that the patient was weirdly arching his back off the bed.
Taub : It was his whole body. He was levitating.
House : So many questions.
House : Starting with,
House : why did Chase address his comment
House : to someone who wasn't even in the room?
House : Hocus pocus, on my feet you idiots must focus.
UNK: I feel so drained.
Taub : The kid's not a magician.
Lida : Of course not, he's the lovely assistant.
UNK: His Grandpa Pig Sticker's waving the wand.
House : Middling with,
House : is Chase trying to avoid Taub
House : or is he trying to prove that he's not avoiding Park?
Adams : We checked the bed.
Adams : There were no platforms or wires. This wasn't a trick.
UNK: Tetanus can cause muscle rigidity.
Park : Maybe he was propped up by his heel and elbow.
Taub : Except he wasn't.
House : Tetanus wouldn't cause that kind of breathing difficulty.
House : And ending with,
House : if Chase is trying not to avoid Park,
House : why is he doing this today and not yesterday?
UNK: But hypocalcaemia could,
Chase : and the enema we administered to cure his constipation
UNK: had a high phosphorus load,
Chase : which could make him transiently hypocalcaemic.
UNK: It's along shot.
UNK: But at least it has the benefit of being rational.
UNK: Go pump up his electrolytes and start beta-blockers.
UNK: And good news for Park.
UNK: I think Chase had a sex dream about you.
Chase : Dreams don't mean anything.
Lida : I don't know. Nothing you've done has helped.
Chase : If we don't start and he has another seizure
Chase : the neurological damage could be permanent.
Lida : My father-in-law...
Lida : He thinks the calling ceremony didn't work because Lue wasn't there.
Taub : And you think he's right?
Lida : I don't know.
Taub : I'm sorry, but there's no way we can allow him to perform an exorcism
Taub : in your son's hospital room.
Lida : Then I will have to take him home.
Chase : A day ago you were insulted I'd even think you might believe that stuff.
Chase : And now you're willing to stop all treatment so you can try it?
Lida : Maybe Xang was right about Kao.
Lida : The man I loved wasn't evil and would never do what he did.
Lida : He was possessed.
Lida : And my son needs his soul back.
Foreman : Why not?
Foreman : As long as he doesn't feed the kid anything or put anything on his skin
UNK: that we haven't verified as harmless, what's the problem?
House : I agree.
House : And since we're establishing a new policy of,
House : "What the hell, we'll try anything,"