Chase : It won't help him get better.
UNK: Axial view of the mid-brain level looks good. Moving onto thalamic.
Park : I had another dream last night.
Park : This time it was about you.
UNK: Really? See.
Park : That's how you're supposed to react.
Park : When a woman tells you she's dreamt about you,
Park : you should be thrilled,
UNK: even if not interested in her whatsoever.
Taub : You're an idiot, you know that?
Park : Well, I definitely won't be dreaming about you tonight.
Taub : I'm jealous of you two.
Taub : You couldn't be more different and yet,
Taub : you have this good thing happening.
Taub : You support each other, you like each other.
Taub : Don't let House screw it up.
Park : We're not that different.
Taub : Yeah, you are.
UNK: Well, apparently there are some things about you I don't know.
Dominika : I served one year in police unit.
House : And you're just telling your husband now?
Dominika : Immigration doesn't know,
Dominika : no need for husband to know.
Dominika : What is happening to boy with demons?
UNK: An absence of evidence on an MRI,
House : which my team has mistaken for evidence of absence.
UNK: This is what I am not understanding.
UNK: How can you believe in dark matters but not in dark spirits?
UNK: Is the idea of demons so different than the Higgs boson?
UNK: We can't see it, but we can see the impact of its presence.
UNK: I borrowed your physics book.
UNK: I read while in bathroom.
UNK: So you're a deadeye shot,
House : and enjoy reading quantum physics on the crapper.
Dominika : I read in bathtub.
House : Better image. Thank you.
Lue : The doctors say my brain is sick.
Xang : Your doctors are trying their best
UNK: but they aren't looking in the right place.
UNK: Yeah, I know this is a lot to put on an eight-year-old,
UNK: but you've angered our ancestors
Xang : by ignoring them.
Xang : Now, do you remember how to talk to them?
Xang : Yeah, that's right.
UNK: Good-Now, close your eyes
Xang : and we will ask for forgiveness together.
Xang : You're doing good.
Xang : But we have to do more.
Xang : The evil spirits are in the air.
Xang : And the only way to stop them
Xang : is by stopping the air.
Xang : You have to be brave.
Xang : I'm not trying to hurt you.
Xang : This will help you.
Xang : I know it will.
UNK: Lue, are you okay?
Lida : I can't wake him up.
Lida : Lue? Lue?
Taub : You're safe, you're in the hospital.
Lue : Get Grandpa away! He's not here, honey.
Lida : It was just a dream.
Lue : He was choking me!
Taub : No, Lue, it wasn't real.
Foreman : It was. He grabbed my neck!
Taub : Those bruises weren't there before.
Taub : He had the dream, then he had the bruising.