Beckett : Then what was he doing in the park? That's pretty out of the way.
Esposito : Well, we thought that he was looking to buy some weed or some love,
Esposito : but he has no drug history,
UNK: no convictions for solicitations. No nothing.
UNK: And what about his family?
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Both parents are deceased.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Guy never married, has no children. It's like he barely existed.
Castle : Making him the perfect victim.
UNK: Mild-mannered city employee lured into a conveniently wooded area.
Castle : Struck down by a murderer
Castle : with the speed and cunning of a bird of prey.
Beckett : Don't ask.
Beckett : You guys go to his apartment.
Beckett : Find out who he is and what he was doing in the park.
UNK: Right.
Lanie : Lividity and temperature puts time of death between 5 : 00 and 7 : 00 p.m.
Lanie : The victim also has a broken wrist.
UNK: Could be post-mortem from those BMXers
Lanie : playing X Games on his corpse.
Beckett : What about the gunshot wounds?
Lanie : All three entry wounds were made by the same weapon, a.45.
Lanie : There was only one shooter.
Beckett : So the same person shot him in the front
Beckett : and then shot him in the back?
UNK: It didn't make sense to me either,
Lanie : so I decided to take some measurements.
Lanie : Turns out the wounds are of different depths.
UNK: The one on his chest is very shallow,
Lanie : indicating the shot came from a distance.
Castle : - How far? - About 150 feet.
Castle : That's quite an accurate shot with a handgun.
UNK: Yeah, I'd say your killer had some shooting experience.
Lanie : But the next two shots in the back were close range.
Lanie : Inside six feet, maybe.
Beckett : So he got shot in the chest at long range.
Beckett : Turned around to run...
Castle : But he's wounded,
Castle : the killer goes after him to finish what he started
Castle : with a double tap to the back.
Beckett : He wasn't just shot.
Beckett : He was hunted down and killed.
Castle : But why?
Ryan : What was this guy up to?
Esposito : No idea.
UNK: What about that?
Ryan : Looks like some sort of counter.
Esposito : What do you think he was counting?
Ryan : Nothing good.
Ryan : Night vision, spotting scope,
UNK: a parabolic microphone. Top quality, too.
Ryan : What's a subway worker doing with all this?
UNK: Martha Rodgers : I don't know.
UNK: Whatever he was into, it had something to do with the park.
UNK: Look.
Esposito : This is right where his body was found.
UNK: 5 : 26. That's around our time of death.
UNK: Looks like he was tracking something or someone with the initials BHS.
Ryan : And it looks like that someone found him.
Castle : Surveillance equipment to clandestine meetings,
Castle : a professional hit.
Castle : or better yet,
UNK: Any one of these people could be his secret accomplice.
Castle : That's what I love about the subway. Down here, everyone's got a story.
Beckett : See, that's the difference between you and me, Castle.
Beckett : You see the subway as a place to pick up dialogue for your novels.
Castle : Or the occasional investment banker on her way to the gym.
Beckett : I, on the other hand,
Beckett : see it as a way of getting from point A to point B.
UNK: So, Light Bulb Len's dead, huh?
UNK: Light Bulb Len?
Mario : Yeah, it was his job to change the light bulbs
Mario : in the stations and tunnels all over New York.
Mario : I figured something was wrong.
Mario : It's the first time he's missed work in 22 years.
Beckett : Mr. Rivera, Len was found shot to death in the park.
Beckett : Any idea what he was doing there?
Mario : The guy changed light bulbs for a living.
Mario : You know, a job like that, it's not for the social.