Castle : So did mall security, so did the police.
Castle : We searched for an hour.
UNK: You don't have to be a novelist
Castle : to think of all the worst case scenarios.
UNK: Where'd you find her?
Castle : Behind a rack of winter coats.
Castle : She got bored. She crawled underneath there and went to sleep.
Castle : To this day, I still dream about that.
UNK: Just got off with Esposito. Looks like Dean's on the move.
Beckett : What did they find?
Montgomery : It's what they didn't find.
Montgomery : No toothbrush, no deodorant, no shampoo in the shower.
Beckett : I'll run his credit card for anything that indicates he's traveling.
Ryan : Dean's desk?
UNK: Teresa De La Torre : You can't miss it, right?
UNK: Teresa De La Torre : Pictures everywhere. He calls it Tyler-palooza.
Ryan : Is this his only work area?
UNK: Yeah. Uh-huh.
UNK: How'd he sound when he called in sick?
UNK: Did he sound distressed?
Teresa : To tell you the truth, Detective, Dean didn't call in sick.
Teresa : - I covered for him. - Why?
Teresa : His ex-wife got remarried to some rich doctor,
Teresa : like five minutes after the divorce was final.
Teresa : He had legal bills up the ass.
Teresa : I figured he just needed to spend a little time with his son.
Teresa : So what if he didn't call in sick?
Teresa : I had his back. That's how we do it down here.
Coworker : Hey, Teresa.
UNK: All right, already.
UNK: Oh.
Ryan : What's in Indy, Dean?
Castle : Maybe he's got family in Indianapolis.
UNK: A friend. Somebody he can trust. Someone who can hide him.
Beckett : But there weren't any airline tickets purchased in his name or in Tyler's.
Esposito : Yo. The cabin's empty. P.A. State troopers say
Esposito : it looks like there hasn't been anybody there in months.
UNK: We just got a hit on Dean Donegal's financials.
Montgomery : An hour ago, he booked a motel room in Jamaica, Queens.
Castle : That's not far from the airport.
Castle : He might still be trying to get Tyler out of town.
Beckett : If we're lucky.
Montgomery : He shot someone, he's on the run, he's under extreme duress.
Montgomery : Let's get him before this ends bloody for everyone.
Esposito : - NYPD! - NYPD!
UNK: Tyler!
Beckett : Hands! Show me your hands!
UNK: Tyler! Tyler!
Esposito : Bathroom's clear.
Alexis : He's not here.
Beckett : Where's Tyler?
UNK: Martha Rodgers : I don't know.
Dean : They told me to check into a motel and wait for further instructions.
Beckett : Who did?
UNK: Martha Rodgers : I don't know. All I know is they took him.