Beckett : Sir, I just talked to the building's owner.
Beckett : He's emailing blueprints and a tenant list for 680 Canal,
Beckett : including the secure floors.
Montgomery : Ryan and Esposito are with me. We'll take Dean to the building.
Montgomery : I've arranged to have an ESU team standing by in striking distance.
Beckett : Sir, you can't take Dean to that building.
Beckett : It is way too dangerous.
Castle : He's a father who loves his son.
Castle : You're not going to be able to stop him.
Montgomery : And until we find the boy, we don't have any other choice.
Montgomery : Scrub the video, look for anything that could lead us to him.
Beckett : Yes, sir.
UNK: All right. We're a block away.
Ryan : We'll be able to see and hear everything that's happening, okay?
UNK: We've cloned your phone
Ryan : so we'll be able to read your text in real time.
Montgomery : You follow the kidnapper's instructions to the letter.
Montgomery : No cowboy stuff, you understand me?
Beckett : There are no identifying markers in the background. It's all black.
UNK: I don't know if we're gonna find him in time.
UNK: The video was taken at 1 : 31 a.m., but they didn't send it till 1 : 39.
UNK: You know, sometimes it takes a while for a text to go through.
Castle : Yeah, but eight minutes?
Castle : You want Dean to do something for you,
Castle : you make a proof of life video,
Castle : but you wait eight minutes to send it. Why?
Beckett : Maybe there wasn't a signal or not enough bars.
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : Maybe they had to walk a long way to get a signal? Maybe they're under...
Castle : Underground. Ace!
Castle : It's not Ace. It's A-C-E.
Castle : The A, C and E subway lines.
Beckett : They're holding Tyler in the subway. He must've spotted a sign.
Castle : There's half a dozen stations where the A, C, and E stop.
UNK: There's too many to search.
Beckett : Yeah, but the last stop for all three lines
Beckett : is on Canal Street and West Broadway. That's...
Castle : Right under Dean's building.
Castle : They've been holding him under everyone's nose.