UNK: How come my plate's less fancy than everyone else's?
UNK: Do you not trust me with a fancy plate?
UNK: No, honey. That's a special plate.
Monica : See, it's a game. Whoever gets that plate wins.
UNK: l can't believe l won!
UNK: You know, this is such a slap in the face. l mean, l'm your sister...
UNK: ...and you would give your baby to these strangers over me.
Rachel : Monica is Ross' sister.
UNK: No, Ross' sister was really fat.
Ross : That was me.
UNK: No, she was this dorky girl in school who followed Rachel around like a puppy--
Rachel : Amy, you've got to stop doing that!
UNK: Okay, listen, l know you're having a bit of a family crisis...
Monica : ...but you don't have to take it out on the plates.
UNK: l mean, in fact, l think that everyone...
UNK: ...should cut their food like this :
Monica : Now, see? This way, you protect the plates...
Monica : ...and let's face it, you have fun.
UNK: Okay, how about this? lf you guys die...
Amy : ...and the crazy plate lady dies...
UNK: -...then do l get the baby? -No, if crazy plate lady--
UNK: lf Monica dies, then l would get Emma. Right?
Rachel : -Well, actually.... -Actually what?
UNK: lt's just.... lt's just that in that case...
UNK: ...then Emma would go to my parents.
UNK: -What? -Hurts, doesn't it?
Joey : Who has to die for me to get her?
Chandler : So if Monica's not around, l'm not good enough to raise Emma?
UNK: No, that is not what we're saying.
Joey : Yeah, he's lying. He looked down.
UNK: Well, what's wrong with me? Am l incompetent?
UNK: Because l managed to survive whatever it is that killed the three of you!
Rachel : You're taking this the wrong way. We think you are going to be a wonderful parent.
UNK: lt's just.... You're more the, you know, fun parent.
Ross : Yeah, and we wanna make sure Emma also has someone like Monica...
Ross : ...who's more of a disciplinarian.
Ross : Someone who can be firm and strict.
Monica : That's not how you see me, is it?
Phoebe : No, you're all about the fun.
UNK: l may not know a lot about babies, but do you really think l'm not capable?
UNK: No. You both are equally capable.
UNK: lt's just you're strongest when you're together.
UNK: Okay. So if we both had Emma, and l died...
UNK: ...she'd have to give her up.
Ross : Sure. Monica would have to give her up.
UNK: l lie better than that, right?
UNK: Let me just get this straight. So my two friends die, l get Emma.
Chandler : Then my wife dies. Then Emma, the one tiny ray of hope left in my life...
Chandler : -...gets taken away from me? -There's your movie.
UNK: Hey, there you are.
Monica : -You disappeared after dinner. -Did somebody miss me?
UNK: Was there a child to raise poorly?
Monica : Ross and Rachel don't know what they're saying.
UNK: lt's not like they're so responsible.
UNK: Emma is a product of a bottle of merlot and a five-year-old condom.
UNK: No, but they're right. l'm not a strong father figure, and l never will be.
UNK: No, you learn these things. You grow into it.
UNK: Yeah, but it's not who l am.
UNK: Everything they said is exactly why l was worried about having a kid. And it's true.
UNK: -And look, everybody knows it. -l don't know it.
UNK: l wanna have a kid with you because l think you'll be an amazing dad.
Monica : At the fun parts and at the hard parts.
Chandler : Well, can you picture me saying, ''Go to your room, you're grounded''?
Monica : Can you hear me say, ''You're grounded''?
Chandler : You said that to me last week.
Monica : How hard is it? ''No shoes on the furniture!''
UNK: The producer from Days left a message asking why l wasn't at the parade.
UNK: They said everybody's really pissed off at me. And they all got to meet Santa!
UNK: lt's okay. l thought of the perfect lie for you.
UNK: lt's easy to remember, and it doesn't invite a lot of questions.
UNK: Does it have something to do with a spaceship?