UNK: Orlando...
Beckett : It was your card, Marisol!
Beckett : Who was Orlando working for?
Beckett : Do you know what's going to happen if you don't cooperate?
UNK: You're gonna go to jail, and your kid's gonna go to foster care.
Beckett : Is that what you want? Beckett.
Beckett : Marco on the streets,
Beckett : enlisted by the Cazadores at age 10 like his father,
UNK: dead in the gutter at 19!
UNK: SPEAKING SPANISH
Castle : Beckett, that's enough.
MARISOL : Orlando said it was someone he knew from the service.
Marisol : Someone dangerous.
UNK: But it was just a one-off.
Marisol : A lot of money for an easy job.
Marisol : And we needed the money.
Beckett : What was the job?
Marisol : They needed files.
Marisol : From a dead cop's house.
Castle : What files? All of them.
Marisol : Any he could find.
Beckett : This guy from the service, did you get a name?
UNK: No.
Beckett : Did you meet him? No.
Castle : Did he ever call the house?
Marisol : He left notes for Orlando in a mailbox with a time and a place.
Marisol : They were coded so I wouldn't know where.
Marisol : But I was in the car once.
Marisol : I saw where they met.
Marisol : At a church, over on State Street.
PRIEST : Wednesday, you say?
UNK: Yeah, around 3 : 00 p.m.
Beckett : He was meeting with someone.
Beckett : I'm sorry. I wish I could help.
Priest : But we're open to the public
Priest : and we get a lot of unfamiliar faces every day.
Priest : We usually just leave them to their prayers.
CASTLE : If your donation box is any indication,
Castle : looks like being open to the public comes with a price.
Priest : Yes, well, it's not the best neighborhood.
Priest : We catch gang kids and the homeless all the time,
Priest : trying to take advantage of more than just our outreach programs.
Beckett : How do you catch them?
RYAN : Here it is. 3 : 00 p.m., Wednesday.
ESPOSITO : There's Orlando.
Evelyn : That's him.
Beckett : Damn it.
Beckett : Come on, come on.
UNK: Yes.
Beckett : So that's what you look like.
ESPOSITO : I'm gonna run this through Army CID.
Esposito : If they met in the military, someone in Orlando's old unit
Esposito : might be able to ID him. No.
Beckett : No, we don't know who's involved
Beckett : and we don't know how high this goes.
Beckett : The minute we put this photo out there, these people are gonna know.
UNK: He's gonna disappear, and we will never see him again.
Beckett : We have to do this one on our own.
RYAN : Beckett, that's impossible.
Ryan : All we have is a face. No name, no ID, no way to find this guy.
Beckett : Then we will find a way to find him. I'm not gonna lose this lead.
Ryan : How are we supposed to investigate if we can't investigate?
Esposito : You heard the lady. We find a way.
MCCALLISTER : You woke the dragon.
UNK: Mccalister voiceover : And this is so much bigger than you realize.
UNK: GUNSHOT CASTLE : Kate!
UNK: SIRENS WAILING LANIE : Don't die on me...
BECKETT : He can't hide from me.
LOCKWOOD : You've got it ass-backwards.
UNK: Lockwood voiceover : You can't hide from him.
MONTGOMERY : I don't know how,
UNK: but somehow he figured out what we had done.
RAGLAN : I made a bad mistake. BECKETT : Who hired you to kill her?
MCCALLISTER : Forget it. You'll never touch them.
UNK: KNOCKING ON DOOR
UNK: Hey. Hey.
Beckett : I just got off the phone with Esposito.
UNK: Our killer had a key chain,
Beckett : and he matched it to Eastway Car Rentals.