Ryan : Hey, Javier.
Ryan : Man, this just feels wrong. We need to tell Gates.
Esposito : Why? So she can send Beckett home?
UNK: You think that's gonna work? You think that's gonna stop her?
UNK: She's gonna investigate this case, Kevin, whether she's on it or not.
UNK: The least we can do is make sure that we have her back.
UNK: PHONE RINGING
UNK: Hello.
UNK: MR. SMITH : I think you know why I'm calling, Mr. Castle.
Castle : It's you.
Castle : Thank God. What the hell is going on?
Castle : Why did they break into Montgomery's place?
Smith : Most likely it's a clean-up job.
Smith : Making sure that Montgomery
Smith : had nothing else incriminating in his files.
Smith : As long as Beckett drops her investigation,
Smith : we still hold all the cards.
Castle : No, she's already onto her shooter. She's not gonna let go.
Smith : Then we have a problem.
Smith : If she doesn't stop, they will retaliate.
UNK: Now, I can't control the situation if you can't control her.
UNK: HANGS UP
UNK: DOOR OPENING
UNK: DOOR SHUTTING
BECKETT : I got enough on the drug and weapons charges
Beckett : to put you away for at least five years.
Beckett : Five years of your life.
Beckett : What's that worth?
UNK: Marisol Cartagena : I know you didn't kill Orlando.
UNK: But he called you and you talked to him for two minutes.
Beckett : And you were in that alley.
UNK: Why?
Beckett : There's nobody in here but you and me.
Beckett : There's no cameras, no microphones, no one's listening.
Beckett : I can make all those charges go away.
Beckett : Five years of your life back but you've gotta tell me what you know.
Diego : He called last week, talking about times were bad.
UNK: So I told him I can get you some work,
Diego : but he knew if he came back to the Cazadores,
Diego : there'd be no leaving this time.
Diego : And all he really wanted was a loan,
Diego : and could I help him out, for old times' sake.
Beckett : Did you give it to him? No.
Diego : He begged me, said he was good for it.
Diego : Said he had something big coming up,
Diego : something that would make him whole.
Beckett : Did he say what?
Diego : No. But that morning, my phone rings.
Beckett : And he said it'd all gone wrong.
Diego : He was desperate, talking about they were gonna kill him.
UNK: Who's "they"? Don't know.
Diego : But he was scared.
Beckett : Why did he call you?
Diego : Protection, chica.
UNK: He said if I help him out, he'd come back.
Diego : And he knew that was the price.
Diego : So I told him where to meet.
Diego : But by the time I got ther he was already dead.
Beckett : And you told him where to meet?
Diego : That's right.
Beckett : You didn't tell anyone else? No.
Beckett : Did you see anything there?
UNK: White guy. Six foot.
Diego : Caught a glimpse before the night swallowed him whole.
UNK: They must've been tapping Orlando's phone.
Beckett : That's the only way they got there first.
Beckett : But how did they know to target Orlando for the job?
Castle : Because he was desperate for money.
Beckett : Yeah, but how did they know that?
Beckett : How did they know his background?
Esposito : Because they knew him from the military.
Esposito : He was hired by somebody he knew.
UNK: It's a place to start.
Castle : But whoever's gotten close to that secret is dead.
Castle : I think it's clear we're in over our heads here.
Esposito : Speak for yourself, bro.
Ryan : Orlando's financials just came in.
Ryan : He was underwater and overdrawn,
Ryan : until last week when a wire transfer for 10 grand hit his account.
Beckett : Let me guess. Untraceable?
Castle : So it's a dead end.
Ryan : The deposits are, but the debit withdrawals are not.
Castle : Right when the money came in Marisol started using it to pay bills.
Beckett : Wait, if Marisol knew about the money...
Esposito : Then she knew Orlando was up to something.
Beckett : She lied to us.
RYAN : Not only that, but according to the bank,
Ryan : she cleaned out the entire account an hour ago.
Beckett : She's on the run.
Beckett : Got a few questions for you before you leave town.
Beckett : And this time, I want the truth.
MARISOL : I'm telling you the truth.
Marisol : I didn't know anything about the money. Not until today.
Beckett : So why do we have debits against it
Beckett : the moment it appeared in your account?