Castle : For us.
Castle : She was just coming out of her shell and now this?
UNK: Do you really think it's related to her mother's murder case?
Castle : I hope to God it isn't.
Castle : Montgomery's friend was very clear.
Castle : She starts poking around her mother's murder,
Castle : they'll come after her again.
Castle : I can't let that happen.
UNK: Marisol Cartagena : I know.
Beckett : Thank you.
Castle : Did you get any sleep?
Beckett : Not much.
Castle : Anything new on our victim?
Beckett : We rechecked Orlando's rap sheet.
Beckett : Montgomery wasn't involved in any of his old arrests.
Beckett : That break-in wasn't personal.
Castle : What about the call he made before he was killed?
Beckett : It's from a burner phone. There's no registered owner.
UNK: Hey. Hmm.
Castle : You're not in this alone. I'm here.
UNK: Marisol Cartagena : I know.
ESPOSITO : Hey.
Esposito : So we may have been wrong about why they hit Montgomery's.
Ryan : Witnesses saw a Hispanic male fleeing the alley
UNK: in a late-model maroon DeVille.
Ryan : Apparently he had gang ink on his neck. A lion framed by a "C"?
UNK: Cazador?
Esposito : The very same gang that our victim ran with.
UNK: Gangs.
ESPOSITO : If this guy was in that alley,
Esposito : odds are he killed Orlando.
Beckett : Did we get a license plate?
Ryan : No, but according to Gang Task Force,
Ryan : the ride matches the c ar of one Vincente Delgado.
UNK: High-level shot caller for the Cazadores.
Ryan : And get this, his cousin, Diego Gutierrez,
Ryan : was busted by Montgomery for a double homicide in '95.
Esposito : His lawyers filed a motion for retrial
Esposito : a month after Montgomery was killed.
Beckett : Find him.
UNK: EXPLOSION
Ryan : NYPD! Let me see your hands right now!
Esposito : Don't move! Don't move! Don't move!
Ryan : Let me see your hands!
COP : It's clear!
UNK: Well, lookie here. 9mm.
Esposito : Just like the gun that killed Orlando Costas.
Diego : I already told you, I was nowhere near that alley.
Diego : Fact is, your witnesses are blind.
Beckett : The fact is, you knew Orlando Costas.
Diego : Yeah, I knew him. Once. Before he turned his back.
Castle : When was the last time you heard from him?
Diego : Not in years. Hours.
Beckett : Just before he was killed, Orlando called a burner cell.
Beckett : Same phone that we found on you.
Beckett : So why don't you just admit to it and save yourself 30 years?
UNK: You had him break into Roy Montgomery's house
Beckett : and steal your cousin's case files, and then you shot him.
UNK: What do you got, chica? Huh? Gun's not gonna be a match.
Diego : So that leaves you with what a phone call?
UNK: A couple of people saw a very common car.
UNK: You know why you can't pin this on me, chica?
Diego : I wasn't there.
Beckett : The hell you weren't.
UNK: KNOCK ON DOOR
Beckett : That's gonna be ballistics.
Beckett : Last chance to make a deal.
UNK: SCOFFS
Beckett : Book him on the drugs and weapons charge
UNK: and tell the DA I'm gonna want to file for murder one.
Esposito : It wasn't him.
Beckett : What do you mean it wasn't him?
Esposito : The skin tissue that Lanie was able to scrape
Esposito : from underneath our victim's fingernails,
Esposito : the lab was able to pull DNA.
Esposito : We ran it against Vincente. It's not a match.
Esposito : In fact, it wasn't a match to anyone in the system.
Ryan : But it did match DNA trace evidence found at another crime scene.
Castle : Well, at least that's something. What was the crime scene?
Esposito : It was a shooting.
Ryan : Beckett, it was your shooting.
Esposito : DNA confirms that the man who killed Orlando Costas in that alley
Esposito : is the same man who put a bullet in your heart.
Beckett : No leads for 11 months, and now this.
Beckett : Does Gates know?
UNK: No.
BECKETT : Then we don't tell her.
Beckett : If she finds out this is a match to my shooting,
Beckett : she'll take me off the case.
Castle : Maybe you should be off this case.
Castle : They tried to kill you once, Kate.
Castle : You keep going on this, they...
Beckett : What's to stop them from trying again?
Beckett : What's to stop them now?
Beckett : No. I've been waiting a year for this.
Beckett : And I'll be damned if I let someone else screw it up.