Castle : That could be any one of a thousand cars.
Beckett : I know, it's a needle in a haystack, but at least it's a haystack,
Beckett : and they keep most of their licenses on file.
UNK: Kate... Yeah, he's probably using a fake ID,
Beckett : but we should be able to narrow it down from the...
UNK: Kate! What's wrong?
UNK: CLEARS THROAT
Castle : You have to stop.
Castle : This investigation, you have to stop.
Beckett : Castle, we already talked about this. I'm fine. I'm in control.
Castle : No, you're not.
Ryan : They are.
Castle : And if you don't stop, they will kill you, Kate.
Beckett : What are you talking about?
Castle : Before Montgomery went into that hangar,
Castle : he sent a package to someone, someone he trusted.
Castle : It contained information damaging to the person behind all this.
Beckett : Montgomery was trying to protect you,
Castle : but the package didn't arrive until after you'd been shot.
Castle : Montgomery's friend struck a deal with them.
Castle : If they left you alone,
Castle : that package and the information inside
Castle : would never see the light of day.
Castle : But they made one condition, you had to back off.
Castle : And that's the reason you're alive, Kate.
Castle : Because you stopped.
Beckett : How do you know this?
Beckett : In order for the deal to work,
Castle : someone had to make sure you weren't pursuing it.
Beckett : Are you a part of this?
Castle : I was just trying to keep you safe.
Beckett : By lying to me about the most important thing in my life?
Castle : That lie was the only thing that was protecting you.
Beckett : Castle, I didn't need protection, I needed a lead.
Beckett : And you sat on it for a year.
Beckett : Now, who is this person? How do I find him?
UNK: He's a voice on the phone. He's a shadow in a parking garage.
Beckett : You met with him?
Beckett : How do you know that he's not behind my mom's murder?
Beckett : How do you know that he's not involved?
Beckett : And how the hell could you do this?
Castle : Because I love you.
Castle : But you already know that, don't you?
Castle : You've known for about a year.
Beckett : Are you kidding me? You're actually bringing this up right now?
Beckett : After you told me that you just betrayed me?
Castle : Kate, listen to me... Listen to you?
Beckett : Why should I listen to you?
Beckett : How am I even supposed to trust anything that you say?
Castle : How are you...
Castle : Because of everything we've been through together!
Castle : Four years, I've been right here!
Castle : Four years, just waiting for you to just open your eyes
Castle : and see that I'm right here.
UNK: And I'm more than a partner.
Marisol : Every morning,
Castle : I bring you a cup of coffee just so I can see a smile on your face.
Castle : Because I think you are the most remarkable,
Castle : maddening, challenging,
Castle : frustrating person I've ever met.
Castle : And I love you, Kate, and if that means anything to you,
Castle : if you care about me at all, just don't do this.
Beckett : If I care about you, Castle?
Beckett : You cut a deal for my life like I was some kind of a child.
Beckett : My life. Mine. You don't get to decide.
Castle : You keep going with this, they're gonna decide.
UNK: They're gonna come for you, Kate.
Beckett : Let them come.
Beckett : They sent Coonan, and he is dead.
Beckett : They sent Lockwood, and he is dead.
Beckett : And I am still here, Castl And I am ready.
Castle : Ready for what?
Castle : To die for your cause?
Castle : This isn't a murder investigation anymore, Kate.
Castle : They've turned it into a war.
Beckett : If they want a war, then I will bring them a war,
Beckett : straight to their doorsteps.
UNK: Well, I guess there's just nothing I can say, is there?
UNK: Okay.
Castle : Yeah, you're right, Kate. It's your life.
Castle : You can throw it away if you want,
UNK: but I'm not gonna stick around and watch you,
Castle : so this is over.
Castle : I'm done.
ALEXIS : Everything okay?
Castle : Yeah. Fine. How's your speech coming?
Alexis : I have watched or read every graduation address ever written
Alexis : and compiled all the best advice into one speech.
Alexis : And then I read it out loud, and guess what I sounded like?
Alexis : A pompous ass.
Alexis : I'm 18 years old. What the hell do I know?
Castle : Hey, look, everything you know,
Castle : everything you will know is what's true for you.
UNK: Marisol Cartagena : All I know is everything's changing.
Alexis : Everything's going to be different. And I'm so scared.
Castle : Of what?
Alexis : Moving on.
UNK: Write about that. That feels true.
Ryan : Where's Castle?
Beckett : He's off the team.
Beckett : So what do we got?
Esposito : Eastway rented 700 cars last Wednesday.
RYAN : We belie ve our suspect is
Ryan : going under the name Cole Maddox.
UNK: He rented it out of JFK.
ESPOSITO : It's a Kansas driver's license.
Esposito : Now, we did some digging. It's a cover ID.
Beckett : Did he return the car? No.
Esposito : But Eastway maintains GPS tracking on all of its equipment.