Castle : He was shot somewhere else and then he came here?
Castle : Why not go home? Why not go get patched up?
BECKETT : He was meeting someone in that alleyway.
UNK: Phone. His last call was 4 : 47 a.m., just before he died.
Beckett : Run that number. All right.
RYAN : Hey, Beckett. Gun.
UNK: It's a .38. Recently fired.
CASTLE : So it was a shootout That's how he got the shoulder wound.
Beckett : Which means wherever he came from, there might be another body.
Esposito : I know where he was coming from.
UNK: Where?
Esposito : His last entry was 299 First Avenue.
Castle : What's at 299 First Ave?
Beckett : Captain Montgomery's house.
ESPOSITO : We're just thankful no one was hurt.
EVELYN : Believe me, so am I.
UNK: Evelyn Montgomery : Ever since Roy died, I've slept with his .357 in the nightstand.
UNK: So it was just the one guy?
UNK: As far as I know.
UNK: He was taking files out of the cabinet.
UNK: He had Roy's old laptop in his backpack.
UNK: When he saw me, he pulled his weapon,
UNK: so God help me, I shot him.
UNK: I think I hit him in his shoulder, he fired back,
UNK: and then he crashed through the window.
Beckett : Evelyn, was this the guy?
Evelyn : Yeah. That's him.
Castle : I'm glad Evan and the girls weren't home.
Evelyn : Funny thing is, I wasn't supposed to be home either.
Evelyn : It's almost like he knew we weren't supposed to be here.
Castle : Anything special about those files?
Evelyn : Just paperwork. Legal documents. Notes on Roy's old cases.
Esposito : What about his computer? What was on that?
EVELYN : His old work files,
Evelyn : but mostly I use it for Christmas cards and recipes.
Esposito : They went after Montgomery's files. Not valuables, not cash.
Esposito : And now our thief is dead and the files he took are missing?
Castle : Let's not jump to conclusions.
ESPOSITO : What else would it be about?
UNK: Everyone here thinks Montgomery died
UNK: bringing a cop killer to justice.
Esposito : We're the only ones who know what he w as really involved in
Esposito : and his connection to your mother's murder.
UNK: Beckett, it can't be a coincidence.
UNK: Recheck the vic's rap sheet.
Beckett : See if Montgomery was involved in any of his old arrests.
Beckett : And get on that number.
Beckett : I want to know who he was talking to just before he died.
Beckett : Say something reassuring.
Castle : There are thousands of break-ins in New York City every year.
Beckett : This one feels different.
Castle : Well, that doesn't mean that it is.
Castle : Montgomery worked hundreds of cases.
Castle : Just because this guy was after files,
Castle : doesn't mean he was after your mom's case.
Beckett : Then why is our thief dead?
UNK: You know, those people that Montgomery was involved with,
Beckett : he said that they wanted me dead, that I was getting too close.
UNK: And he said that he was gonna give his life in order to protect mine.
Beckett : And they still tried to kill me.
Beckett : I wake up sometimes and I think to myself,
UNK: "How the hell am I still alive?"
Beckett : It's like I'm just waiting for that other shoe to drop.
Beckett : What if this is that other shoe?
Castle : Things were finally getting better for her.