UNK: House!
Wilson : - Need you. - Forget it. I'm going home.
Wilson : - Hay fever? - You must be a doctor and everything.
Wilson : - Two minutes. - No.
UNK: The purple thingie on the file means that whoever is one of yours
House : which means cancer, which means no way it's two minutes.
Wilson : Fine, I'm lying. 30 minutes.
House : - Mystery of life. - Benadryl might help.
House : - Already did 1,000 milligrams. - Steam room?
House : Why, Jimmy. We'll talk about this in the morning.
UNK: I got a 9-year-old with cancer. Alveolar rhabdomyosarcoma.
Wilson : - Terminal kid trumps your stuffy nose. - Not yet.
Wilson : She's hallucinating.
House : So the rhabdo's in her brain.
House : Make her comfortable. She's got about a week.
Wilson : Yeah, except there is no cancer in her brain.
Wilson : Pristine CT scan, blood tests, protein markers, all negative.
House : The cancer's in remission.
House : Which means the hallucinations are unconnected.
Wilson : Fascinating, huh?
Wilson : And not that it matters, but if you fix whatever's going on in her head,
Wilson : you give her maybe another year. Long time for a 9-year-old.
House : No. It'll just fly by.
Cameron : Five major surgeries, a bone marrow transplant,
UNK: fourteen rounds of chemo and blast radiation.
Chase : If it was me, I'd just stay home and watch TV or something,
Chase : not lie here under a microscope.
House : Don't worry. Anything happens to you, nobody's gonna lift a finger.
House : Differential diagnosis.
House : - On your marks, get set... - Hallucinations could be caused by...
House : Whoa! Wait for it.
House : And go.
Foreman : Latent neurotoxicity from the chemo treatments.
UNK: No, patient's last round of chemo was two months ago.
UNK: We would've seen it by now. Genetic component?
Foreman : Nothing on mom. Dad split when she was pregnant.
UNK: - His medical history's also clean. - What a guy.
UNK: What about graft versus host disease from the bone marrow transplant?
Chase : Infection travels to her brain, she has hallucinations.
Foreman : Blood work and LP were clean.
House : But where there's infection, there's meningeal swelling.
UNK: - CT shows no meningeal involvement. - True.
UNK: Get a tox screen and an MRI.
UNK: We can do that, if you wanna ignore what we just discussed.
House : Sounds good.
Cameron : Toxic exposure doesn't make any chronological sense.
UNK: I guess there is a third option. She's making it all up
UNK: because she doesn't wanna get in trouble for breaking a mirror.
House : Unfortunately we can't test for that, so tox screen, MRI,
UNK: - and you stay away from the patient. - What'd I do?
UNK: Oh, well, you'll just get all warm and cuddly around the dying girl,
UNK: and insinuate yourself. Probably end up in a custody battle.
House : Chase, you handle the mom.
House : Tell her that you'd just sit home and watch TV and die,
UNK: but you've got to go through the motions