UNK: and try to save her daughter's life. It's a doctor thing.
House : - What the hell is this? - Black walnut and ginger.
House : It's nice.
UNK: I'll just lay you down and I'll attach this thingamajiggy.
Andie : - Sat monitor. - A pro. Don't have to explain anything.
Chase : I like it.
Andie : - Central line for the chemo. - Yeah. Doesn't hurt, does it?
Andie : No, it's awesome.
UNK: Instead of an IV, it saves me a lot of time and a bunch of needle sticks.
UNK: Oh, I don't think I've ever heard anyone say they like their central line before.
UNK: All right, can I interest you in a walk in the park?
Andie : - No, thanks. - Okay.
Andie : Don't want any butterflies, either.
Andie : Doesn't matter what the walls look like, you're still looking for cancer.
Chase : Not today. We're looking for an infection. But I get your point.
Chase : - You comfortable? - Yup.
UNK: - All right. Let's get this over with. - A pro. I like it.
House : Whoa! Look at the time.
UNK: I should've been out of here 20 minutes ago.
Nurse : - You've only been here 20 minutes. - I can't slip anything by you, can I?
Nurse : - There's a patient in One. - Nah, I'm taking a sick day.
Cuddy : - Take some Claritin. - Everyone's a doctor suddenly.
Nurse : Patient in One requested a male doctor.
Cuddy : - Balls are in your court, doctor. - Union rules.
House : I can't check out this guy's seeping gonorrhea this close to lunch.
Cuddy : Exam Room One.
House : Well, it's sexist, and a very dangerous precedent.
House : If people could choose the sex of their doctors,
House : - you gals would be out of business. - Exam Room One!
House : Sore throat?
House : Well, it's not lupus. Well, not everyone can operate a zipper.
UNK: You know, the up, down, what comes next?
Patient : My new girlfriend never been with a guy
UNK: who wasn't circumcised.
Patient : - So she freaked, and... - Ah-ha.
House : And you wanted Rivkah to feel all gemutlicht. I get it.
House : It's a shandah.
Patient : - I got some box cutters and... - Just like Abraham did it.
Patient : I sterilized them, which I was told...
House : Stop talking.
House : I'm gonna get a plastic surgeon. Get the Twinkie back in the wrapper.
Foreman : House. Hey, House.
Foreman : Andie's MRI and tox screen were clean. No infection, no neurotoxins.
House : Oxygen saturation is 94%. Check her heart.
Foreman : Her oxygen saturation is normal.
House : It's off by one percentage point. It's within range, it's normal.
House : If her DNA was off by one percentage point, she'd be a dolphin.
House : We've got a patient who for no obvious reason is hallucinating.