Haddad : I am not a terrorist.
Castle : You're on the No-Fly list.
Haddad : Only because my idiot cousin decided to join ISIS.
Castle : You're flying on a stolen passport.
Haddad : I couldn't travel under my own name, so how else should I fly?
Castle : Why the sudden urgency to fly in the first place?
Haddad : I need to go back to Syria.
Castle : Why? What's your mission?
Haddad : My mission?
Haddad : I have to go home. My mother is very sick.
Haddad : Pancreatic cancer.
Haddad : I petitioned the TSA, I went through the proper channels.
Haddad : But now she only has a few weeks to live.
Haddad : She is the one I was talking to on the phone.
Castle : Explain this.
Castle : See how the air marshal is staring right at you?
UNK: Captain Edmunds : He's the air marshal?
Haddad : He saw I was nervous, didn't he?
Haddad : Is he the reason I'm being detained?
Castle : Yeah, you might say that.
Castle : He realized you were up to something,
Castle : so you followed him to the back
Castle : of the plane and you killed him.
Haddad : Killed him? What do you mean?
Castle : We found him right over there.
Haddad : No. No, no, no!
Haddad : In fact, seconds after that,
Haddad : this man got numerous texts on his phone
UNK: and then began texting back, and then he rushed off!
UNK: Look, this is the last I saw of him.
Castle : We have his phone, Haddad. He only sent one text.
Haddad : No. I know what I saw. He got a bunch of texts.
Haddad : Five at least.
UNK: Dad, could I see you for a second?
UNK: Anything?
Alexis : We checked his luggage.
Alexis : No gun, no device. Nothing that speaks to terrorism.
Beckett : Look, State can't confirm the story about the sick mother,
Beckett : but part of Haddad's story checks out.
Esposito : Turns out that Air Marshal Ford
Esposito : had a second phone on the flight.
Ryan : It was his personal cell.
Castle : Well, we didn't find a second phone on the body.
Beckett : Well, if it had evidence on it,
Beckett : it's possible the killer removed it.
Castle : Can we recover his texts without the phone?
Ryan : Yeah, but it's gonna take some time
Ryan : to get the phone company to release them.
UNK: Well, time is something we don't have.
Beckett : And none of this clears Haddad.
Beckett : This could all be a smokescreen.
Esposito : Something for us to chase while his real plan unfolds.
Castle : We need that phone.
Castle : If Ford was texting, he must have
Castle : been connected to the plane's Wi-Fi.
Ryan : Which means the phone may still be connected.
Castle : Right. So, can Tory ping his cell using the Find My Users app?
Castle : Make it beep?
Tory : Okay. I'm in. I've linked his number into the app.
Tory : Ready to ping when you are.
Castle : Okay, stand by.
Castle : All right. Everyone ready?
Debbie : Ready. Farrah and I are in coach, and Jim is in first class.
Castle : Watch for anyone reaching for their phone.
Castle : Ford's phone could be in the killer's hands.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Beckett : Okay. Go.
Tory : Pinging now.
Castle : Over there.
Farrah : False alarm.
Alexis : Do you hear anything?
Castle : If someone removed the battery, or even turned it off,
UNK: Tory's not gonna be able...
Castle : I have something!
Alexis : Where is it?
Castle : Oh, crap.
Castle : I hate snakes. How long does it take a snake to pass a...
Alexis : There it is!
UNK: Oh, thank God. Okay.
Castle : It's locked. We need his passcode.
Alexis : Or his fingerprint.
Castle : I am so sorry about this.
Castle : And thank you for your service to our country.
UNK: Okay.
Alexis : What's it say?
Castle : There's gotta be at least a dozen texts on here.
Haddad : You see? I told you!
UNK: "Hey, sexy. Wanna have some fun?"
UNK: "Who is this?"
UNK: "Meet me in the back of the plane and find out."
UNK: But then, when they refuse to reveal their identity, Ford won't meet.
Alexis : Look, the texts start to get hostile.
UNK: "Do what I say, or you'll have a situation on your hands."
UNK: "What kind of situation?"
UNK: "The kind you're hired to prevent."
UNK: "It's a federal offense to threaten an aircraft."
UNK: "It's not a threat if I follow through and take down this plane."
Alexis : Whoever's behind this is still on the plane.
Tory : Beckett, I've got something.
Beckett : Yeah. Hold on.
Tory : Those texts on the marshal's phone,
Tory : they were sent from a prepaid cell.
Beckett : Can you trace it?
Tory : No. It looks like it's been turned off.
Beckett : Okay. Run down that number,
Beckett : see if you can find out who bought it and from where.
UNK: Castle, you still there?
Castle : Yeah. I'm here.
Alexis : Whoever's behind this did their homework.
Castle : They had Ford's personal number,
Castle : and they knew exactly how to manipulate him.
UNK: They must've known him somehow.
Beckett : I've got the boys digging into Ford's life.
UNK: Financials, movements, phone records.
Beckett : They're looking for anything that'll
Beckett : connect him to someone on that flight.
Castle : Well, tell them to dig a little faster,
Castle : before our texter makes good on his threat to take us down.
Beckett : Castle, I...
Castle : I know. Me, too. Call me when you have something.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: We can't just sit around and wait for word from the precinct.
Alexis : There has to be something we can do.
Castle : Well, maybe there is.
UNK: Only 10% of the population is left-handed.
Castle : There must be a way for us to figure out
Castle : who of the passengers is a southpaw,
Castle : thus narrowing our suspect pool.
Farrah : We could pass out customs and immigration forms.
Farrah : Then we'd know who's left-handed.
UNK: Brilliant.
Castle : Now you're thinking like a mystery writer.
Alexis : Think this will work?
Castle : I don't know. It's better than doing nothing.
UNK: Hey.
Castle : Too bad we didn't sleep through this, too, huh?
Beckett : I'm just making sure it's still there.
UNK: Yeah.
Tory : Beckett, I got it.
Tory : The phone that texted the marshal. The phone was purchased online
Tory : and picked up at the airport at a Flight Tech Express store
Tory : less than half an hour before the flight.
Esposito : Does the store have any cameras?
UNK: No, and the cameras in the airport
Tory : don't have a good angle on the register.
Tory : But we don't need video.
Tory : The purchaser used a credit card. We have her name.
Tory : And I checked the manifest. She's on the plane.
UNK: Marilyn Singer?
Beckett : Yeah, she's a former Oceanic executive who got fired last year.
Beckett : And, Castle, get this.
Beckett : She filed a wrongful termination suit
Beckett : accusing the airline of blackballing her.
Beckett : And last week, the judge ruled against her in favor of Oceanic Airlines.
Castle : So she wants to...
Castle : So she wants to take down
Castle : one of their planes for revenge?
Castle : That seems a little extreme.
Beckett : Yes, Castle, but it's consistent
Beckett : with the texts she sent the air marshal.
Beckett : And what better way for her to destroy the airline
Beckett : she believes ruined her life?