Alexis : Dad, watching you speak to your cronies
Alexis : isn't exactly father-daughter time.
UNK: Besides, I'm not 12. We don't have to be attached at the hip.
Castle : Okay. That impending specter of death, it's back.
UNK: Oh!
UNK: Hey, Beckett. How did you get in there?
UNK: Kate Beckett : Through the magic of Wi-Fi.
UNK: Kate Beckett : I figured you'd be online.
UNK: Kate Beckett : So I thought that you would want an update.
UNK: Kate Beckett : We solved the case. The racecar driver did it.
Castle : Ah! That's good to hear.
Beckett : Is everything okay up there?
Alexis : Just a little turbulence.
UNK: Whoa!
UNK: Castle? Is something wrong?
Castle : Yeah. Everything's gonna be just fine.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Hey, Castle.
UNK: Castle?
Beckett : Is it just me, or does everything not seem "just fine"?
Esposito : Beckett, relax.
Esposito : Even the most heinous turbulence won't bring a plane down.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : And every day, 20 flights leave New York
UNK: Kevin Ryan : and land in London without a problem.
UNK: It's gonna be the same for Castle's flight, too.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : You okay?
UNK: It's gonna be all right.
UNK: Folks, this is Captain Edmunds.
UNK: We hit some chop there, but we've climbed to 39,000 feet
UNK: and expect a smooth ride all the way to Heathrow.
Alexis : See? There's nothing to worry about.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : Okay, so, re-check the restrooms...
Castle : Then why aren't they smiling?
Alexis : Dad, you heard the pilot.
Castle : I'm telling you, something is not right.
UNK: I am going to find out what.
Castle : Excuse me.
UNK: Sir, the seat belt sign is still illuminated.
UNK: Jim Kogut : If you could please return to your seat...
Castle : You're not smiling. None of you are smiling.
Castle : And the captain's here? What's going on?
UNK: Is there some kind of mechanical problem?
Jim : Please, sir, just return...
Farrah : Jim, wait. Um...
Farrah : Maybe he can help.
Farrah : Mr. Castle, I'm Captain Edmunds.
UNK: Captain Edmunds : You work with the NYPD, right?
UNK: Captain Edmunds : We could actually use your assistance.
Castle : My assistance with what?
UNK: Captain Edmunds : This is Kyle Ford.
UNK: Captain Edmunds : He's the air marshal on this flight.
Castle : I saw this guy. He's sitting in my row.
UNK: He... At least he was sitting in my row.
Castle : What does this have to do with the air marshal?
UNK: Captain Edmunds : An hour ago, he sent a text to his field office
UNK: Captain Edmunds : about a security issue on board this aircraft.
Castle : What kind of security issue?
UNK: "Possible threat to Oceanic Air Flight 57. I'm investigating."
UNK: Captain Edmunds : That's all Ford said in his text.
Castle : And what did he tell you?
UNK: Unfortunately, I haven't been able
UNK: Captain Edmunds : to talk to him. Mr. Ford is missing.
UNK: Missing?
UNK: Missing?
Castle : How could he be missing? Did you search the plane?
UNK: Debbie Parker : From front to back.
UNK: Captain Edmunds : Given the circumstances,
UNK: Captain Edmunds : I've been instructed to lock myself in the cockpit
UNK: Captain Edmunds : and continue on to Heathrow.
Castle : Terrorism protocol.
UNK: Captain Edmunds : Precisely. Right now, with the air marshal unaccounted for,
UNK: Captain Edmunds : you're the closest thing we have
UNK: Captain Edmunds : to law enforcement on this plane.
Castle : Which in itself is cause for concern.
UNK: Captain Edmunds : Will you help us, Mr. Castle?
Castle : Yeah. Yes. No, of course.
Castle : Of course.
UNK: Okay, um, when you searched the plane, where did you look?
Farrah : The restrooms, the galleys. Good.
Jim : Cargo hold. Great.
Jim : Even the overhead bins.
Castle : Okay, well, Mr. Ford is on the plane somewhere.
Castle : We just have to search again. Maybe skip the overhead bins this time.
UNK: Alexis Castle : I don't know. It's like he just disappeared.
Debbie : It doesn't make sense. Excuse me.
Castle : How well do you know the air marshal?
UNK: Not that well. Mr. Ford only flies with us, like, twice a month.
Debbie : He's very professional, very polite... There you go.
UNK: Okay,
Debbie : this is the only other place we haven't given a second look.
Castle : Does Ford know how to get down here?
Debbie : Of course. He has access to the entire plane, just like we do.
Castle : Runs the length of the plane. And you looked everywhere?
Debbie : Well, we didn't pull out all the luggage,
Debbie : 'cause there was no sign anyone was down here.
Castle : There's a snake on the mother-flying plane.
Debbie : You're lucky it wasn't the pit bulls we had to ship last week.
Castle : Look at this luggage.
Castle : Since when does the airline allow clothes hanging out of bags?
Debbie : They don't. Not usually.
Castle : That's three different bags from three different passengers.
Castle : That doesn't make any sense.
UNK: Unless... Unless what?
Castle : Unless someone took the clothes out of another suitcase
Castle : and stuffed them into those three bags.
Debbie : You don't think...
Castle : One way to find out.
Debbie : Oh, my God.
Debbie : That's Air Marshal Ford.
UNK: You gotta be kidding me. The air marshal is dead?
UNK: Not just dead, but bonked on the head. Murdered. And there's more.
Castle : There's more?
Castle : Kyle Ford's holster is empty. His gun is missing.
Beckett : Okay, so, uh, we have to assume that the killer is armed.
UNK: And they may have another agenda,
UNK: taking hostages, hijacking the plane...
UNK: FYI, this is not the relaxing London getaway I had planned.
Beckett : So who else knows about this?
Castle : Well, just the flight crew, the Air Marshal Service, and the FBI.
Beckett : And how can I help?
Castle : They gave me a copy of the flight manifest.
Castle : I emailed it to you. You should have that by now.
UNK: Good. I'll coordinate with the FBI
Beckett : and start running names to look for red flags.
Beckett : Are you okay?
Castle : Alexis is on this flight along with almost 200 other people.
Beckett : Castle, you can do this.
Castle : Do what? What am I supposed to do?
Castle : Catch the killer? It could be anyone.
Castle : I wouldn't know where to start.
Beckett : You start at the beginning.
Beckett : We build the timeline for our victim.
Beckett : Same first step we always take.
UNK: Right. I just... This time, that first step is 39,000 feet off the ground.