Dietrich : With such a valuable piece, I wanted real security for the flight.
Dietrich : And Ford was backing up my courier. That was all.
Beckett : Except that wasn't all. Something went awry.
Dietrich : Yes. The courier stopped replying
Dietrich : to my texts shortly after take-off.
Beckett : What was the courier's name, and where was he sitting?
Castle : Aaron Rich? Aaron, wake up!
UNK: Hey! I think he's been drugged. Wake up!
Farrah : Mr. Castle, what are you doing?
Alexis : It's part of the investigation.
Farrah : The suspect is in custody!
Castle : Maybe not.
Haddad : No, no, no, no.
Aaron : No, I wasn't supposed to fall asleep.
Castle : Thank God.
Aaron : Hey! Hey. Let go of me!
Castle : Don't thank God just yet.
Castle : This watch is a fake.
Castle : The real Celestialis is self-winding. This watch has a knob,
UNK: which means this was never about terrorism.
Castle : It was about a heist.
Marilyn : I don't understand.
Castle : You're wearing a knockoff.
Castle : It got switched out while you were sleeping.
Castle : You weren't supposed to realize it
Castle : until you were off the plane and the real watch was long gone.
Alexis : That obnoxious guy who had his seat changed,
Alexis : was this originally where he was supposed to sit?
Farrah : Yes, but Mr. Ford put in a request for that seat two days ago.
Farrah : And air marshals get priority, so the system assigned it to him.
Castle : He knew it was the perfect vantage point
Castle : from which to watch the watch.
UNK: But the thief must've found out.
Castle : And they couldn't steal the watch
Alexis : with an air marshal sitting right there.
Alexis : So they had to lure Ford out of first class.
Castle : Using a phone that, if traced,
Castle : would lead them back to Ford's girlfriend, who had a motive.
Alexis : Dad, that means the thief knows who's on the plane.
Alexis : They had access to the manifest,
Alexis : seat assignments, Ford's personal life...
Castle : And passenger credit cards.
Castle : This was an inside job.
Castle : Aaron, who served you this drink? Because someone spiked it.
Aaron : I can't remember. But it's usually her.
UNK: No. No, I did not drug anybody.
Alexis : Dad, she couldn't have. She was serving us over in aisle two.
Castle : Well, then, it was...
Debbie : Stay back.
UNK: Debbie?
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
UNK: You?
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
UNK: Why?
Debbie : Thirty years, Farrah.
Debbie : Thirty years of loyal service. I was finally ready to retire.
Debbie : So what does Oceanic do?
Debbie : They restructure and eliminate our pensions.
UNK: Debbie,
UNK: you don't wanna do this. Drop the gun.
Debbie : Do you have any idea what it's like
Debbie : serving this little punk kid in first class every month?
Debbie : Hearing him brag about
Debbie : how much money he's got strapped to his wrist,
Debbie : when I have nothing.
Alexis : So when you found out he was taking this flight again,
Alexis : you decided to do something.
Debbie : I heard about that watch, how it was gonna be auctioned off.
UNK: That's $13 million.
UNK: But nobody... Nobody was supposed to get hurt.
UNK: All right? I just needed Ford to step away
UNK: from him for, like, a minute.
Debbie : But when he saw Aaron was sleeping,
Castle : he knew.
Debbie : He tracked me down to the cargo hold and I...
Alexis : Debbie, what the airline did to you was unfair.