UNK: Sophie?
Castle : Why don't I grab a proper picture of the two of you?
Chris : Oh! Great. Thanks!
Castle : You bet.
Castle : Here we go.
Husband : Can you hurry up? My face is hurting.
Castle : Right. One more for safety.
UNK: Okay. Mmm-hmm.
Castle : So how did you guys meet?
Chris : It's kind of a long story.
Castle : Well, I love long stories.
UNK: Oh, God. Yeah.
UNK: Lanie Parish : It's awful what you're dealing with, sweetie.
Alexis : Thanks for your help, Lanie.
Lanie : Are you kidding?
Lanie : I just wish there was more I could do.
UNK: I'm gonna talk you through this, all right?
Alexis : Do you want to see the head wound first?
UNK: Yeah, but you're gonna need to get in really close.
Lanie : Try moving the hair back a little. Yeah, there we go.
Alexis : Can you tell what he was hit with?
Lanie : Mmm. It's hard to say. Something oblong. A pipe, maybe.
Alexis : Oh, man.
Lanie : Alexis, are you all right?
Lanie : It's just another body. You've done this plenty of times before.
Alexis : It's not the body I'm worried about.
Alexis : It's the person who killed him and took his gun.
Lanie : And looking at this, there is something
Lanie : I can tell you about who that person is.
UNK: Dad.
Castle : You and Lanie find something?
Alexis : No signs of a struggle,
Alexis : but it looks like Ford died
Alexis : from a single blow to the back of the head.
Alexis : The left parietal bone.
Castle : So the killer must have caught him by surprise.
Alexis : The bigger news is
UNK: that the angle of the blow indicates
Alexis : whoever did this was left-handed.
Castle : Statistically speaking, that rules out almost everyone on the plane.
Castle : Good work.
Alexis : The gay couple? Are they suspects?
Castle : Nah, I really doubt it.
Alexis : Then why do you have their selfies?
Castle : Well, I emailed them to myself off their phone.
UNK: It's a long story.
Castle : Almost as long as the one about how they met.
Castle : But they took these
UNK: near the time that Air Marshal Ford was at the back of the plane.
UNK: I was hoping he'd show up in one of them, along with the killer,
Castle : but no luck.
Alexis : Not even in the video?
UNK: Actually, I didn't check out that one.
UNK: Hello!
Chris : We did it! Yeah!
Castle : In the background. There he is. That's Ford.
Alexis : But he's not with anybody.
Alexis : He was checking the overhead bin.
Castle : Yeah, but for what? Not his own bag.
Castle : He was up here in first with us.
Alexis : Let's play it again.
Castle : Maybe something's in there? Ford said he was onto a possible threat.
Alexis : But he's not even looking inside.
Castle : Because the overhead bin is a ruse.
Castle : See how Ford is glancing over his shoulder?
Castle : He's clocking someone.
UNK: You're right. It's this guy.
Alexis : 26B. And look,
Alexis : he realizes Ford is watching him.
UNK: 26B. 26B. Isadore Baldon.
Castle : Isadore Baldon, 25, of Brooklyn.
Beckett : No criminal record,
UNK: but we have a problem, Castle.
Castle : What's the problem?
Beckett : He doesn't match the man that you described.
Beckett : We contacted Baldon. He's actually here in town.
Beckett : His passport was stolen weeks ago.
UNK: Whoever is sitting in 26B, it's not Isadore Baldon.
UNK: Or maybe that's why Ford was watching him.