Alexis : I am not going back to my seat.
Castle : Even if it means us being joined at the hip?
Alexis : Really? You're throwing that back at me now?
Castle : Right in your face.
Alexis : I'll get started here.
Alexis : You go talk to the flight crew and try to figure out who did this.
UNK: Right.
Jim : It was someone out there. One of those people killed Kyle Ford.
Farrah : I just told the other flight attendants. I still can't believe this.
Debbie : What do we do now, Mr. Castle?
Castle : Well, now, we try to piece together
Castle : where the victim was and who he had contact with before he died.
Castle : When was the last time anyone remembers seeing Air Marshal Ford?
UNK: Okay, wait. Who served him during drink service?
Debbie : I did.
UNK: Okay. This was an 8 : 30 a.m. flight. Drink service occurred when?
UNK: Uh, we start at 10 : 00.
Farrah : And by the time I did the trash pick-up,
Farrah : Ford wasn't in his seat. He was gone.
Jim : Not gone.
Jim : I noticed him during meal service, near the back of the plane.
Castle : Doing what?
Jim : I didn't see, because a passenger
Jim : got in my face about the lousy food.
UNK: We recently switched vendors to save money, and...
UNK: I... When you saw him, was he in aisle one or aisle two?
Debbie : If it was meal service, aisle one is blocked by the cart...
Castle : So aisle two. What time was that?
UNK: Just before 11 : 00.
Ryan : And we found the body at 11 : 35,
UNK: giving us about a 35-minute window before he was killed.
UNK: Does anyone else remember seeing him at the back of the plane?
UNK: Was he with someone?
Debbie : Come on, you guys. Try to remember.
Farrah : Maybe we can ask the passengers in the back if they saw him.
Castle : No. If we did that, word would get out something is wrong.
Castle : Word that could make it back to the killer.
Castle : Maybe there's another way
Castle : to know what Ford was doing
Castle : at the back of this aisle.
Castle : How long have those two gentlemen been taking selfies?
Jim : The honeymooners?
Jim : Since their first Pimm's cup. They're adorable.
Castle : I have to talk to them.
Debbie : What should we do?
Castle : You have the hardest job of all.
Castle : Pretend like everything's normal.
Chris : I think for the rest of the trip
Chris : we should talk like this.
Husband : So posh.
Husband : How do you say "selfie" in British?
UNK: Selfie.