Castle : He got on to that somehow.
Beckett : And then, moments later, Ford was murdered.
Castle : I think we found our killer.
Farrah : What's he doing?
Castle : Sweating bullets. He's nervous.
Jim : Of course he's nervous. He just killed Kyle Ford.
Farrah : We don't know that, Jim.
Jim : He's flying on a stolen passport.
Jim : He requested a seat in the back, near the cargo hold.
Jim : You saw the video.
Castle : Ford was watching him, and now he's dead.
Jim : Debbie, you can't tell me he doesn't meet the criteria
Jim : for posing a threat to passengers and crew.
Debbie : No, he definitely does. Under the circumstances,
Debbie : we're empowered to detain him, and we have the training to do so.
Castle : I don't think you should, not just yet.
Debbie : Well, you're not responsible for the people on this plane. We are.
Farrah : Yeah. And if he did it, he has a gun.
UNK: And I, for one, don't wanna wait for him to start shooting it.
Castle : And what if he's not our guy?
Castle : You go out there and take him down,
UNK: it would start a panic, alert the real killer.
UNK: And he may pull the gun anyway.
Debbie : Okay. So what do you propose?
Castle : We need to identify him.
Castle : Figure out who it is we're dealing with.
Castle : Isn't it about time for another drink service?
Jim : It would be, except for that
Jim : the airline's cut back, so now we're only allowed...
Castle : Jim, Jim!
Castle : My treat.
UNK: Trash.
UNK: Farrah Darwaza : Thank you. Thank you very much.
Farrah : Can I take that for you, sir?
UNK: Farrah Darwaza : Thank you so much.
Castle : Well played, Farrah.
Farrah : What are we doing now?
Alexis : He's using the graphite from his mechanical pencil
Alexis : to make fingerprint powder.
Castle : I saw this on MacGyver once.
Castle : You know, I actually met Richard Dean Anderson.
Castle : You know what he... Can you please do it already?
Castle : All right. Thank you.
Farrah : It's actually working.
UNK: Sweet.
UNK: Okay, yeah.
UNK: Tory Ellis : I got a hit off the FBI database.
Beckett : Aiman Haddad.
Tory : He's a Syrian national in the US on a student visa.
Tory : Enrolled at Hudson University. Twenty-four years old.
Beckett : Wait, if he's here legally,
UNK: then why would he be traveling on a stolen passport?
Tory : It might be because the FBI has him on the No-Fly list.
Beckett : For what reason?
Tory : Apparently, Aiman Haddad is affiliated with ISIS.
Beckett : He's a terrorist.
Esposito : It gets worse.
Esposito : I just talked to Haddad's roommate at Hudson.
Esposito : He said that Haddad had recently become super religious
UNK: and sold all of his stuff.
Esposito : And when the roommate asked why,
Esposito : Haddad said that he wasn't gonna be needing it anymore.
Beckett : We gotta tell Castle.
Castle : Yeah. Thank you for letting me know.
Castle : I'll call you later.
Alexis : What is it? What did Beckett say?
Castle : I want you to go back to first class. Stay there until I tell you.
UNK: Okay. Be careful, Dad.
UNK: Okay.
Debbie : I take it he's a bad guy.
Castle : He's on the No-Fly list, and for good reason.
Jim : So he's a terrorist? Oh, my God.
Castle : He murdered the air marshal.
Castle : Now, that is a bold act,
Castle : committed by someone not concerned
UNK: with what happens to him once the plane lands.
Jim : Because maybe the plane won't be landing.
Castle : I think we can assume the worst.
Castle : Assume that his plan is bigger than killing Kyle Ford.
Debbie : Okay. We know what to do. First, we isolate him if possible.
Jim : I'll control his hands
Jim : so he doesn't go for the gun or, hey, something worse.
Farrah : I'll get the zip ties to secure him.
Castle : Good. And like you said, I think we should to do this quietly,
Castle : try to get him out of his seat and away from the other passengers.
Debbie : I could page him back to the rear galley.
Castle : Then he might get suspicious. That's too risky.
Castle : If he realizes we're trying to take him down,
Castle : he may do something desperate.
UNK: Watch out!
Marilyn : Hey, what are you doing?
Castle : What's going on?
Castle : Open the door!
Castle : Open the door!
Castle : Can you understand what he's saying?
UNK: Who is that? Who are you talking to?
Castle : What are you saying?
Castle : What was he saying?
Farrah : He said, "They know, and it'll all be over soon."
UNK: Yo, Beckett. I just got off with Homeland Security.
Esposito : The number that Haddad was calling
Esposito : was traced to a Syrian mobile account.
Beckett : Castle, did you hear that?
Castle : Yeah. Do we know who he was calling?
UNK: No. State's trying to
Beckett : coordinate with the Syrian government,
Esposito : but they're not expecting any kind of cooperation.
UNK: Aiman Haddad : You're making a mistake! I have rights!
UNK: Okay, we checked his seat
Debbie : and his carry-on, and there's no sign of a gun.
Castle : Beckett, we can't find the gun.
Beckett : Well, he might have hidden it somewhere,
Beckett : or he has a partner who's on board.
Beckett : Either way, Castle, you're gonna have to interrogate him.
UNK: Me?
Beckett : You've been with me in hundreds of interrogations.
Castle : Yeah, just never when my life depended on it,
Castle : along with everyone else's.
Ryan : Hey, guys. I have more bad news.
Ryan : According to the airline,
Ryan : Haddad has a checked bag on the flight.
Ryan : FBI needs you to locate and search it.
UNK: Great. And if we find something?
Esposito : In the event there's an explosive device,
Esposito : the bomb squad will talk you through it.
Castle : We need to find his luggage.
Jim : - I'll go with you. - No, no, no.
Debbie : I need you and Farrah upstairs keeping things calm.
Farrah : The passengers are starting to ask questions.
Jim : What did you tell them?
UNK: That a gentleman had too much to drink.
Debbie : But I'm not sure they believed me.
UNK: I'll go. The faster we find it, the safer we'll be.
Castle : All right, wish me luck.
Beckett : You don't need it. You've done this a million times.
Castle : I'll let you know if I find anything.
Haddad : Please, this is all a terrible mistake.
Castle : What's your name?
Castle : Isadore Baldon.
Castle : Maybe we should try this again.
Castle : We know you are Aiman Haddad, and that you have ties with ISIS.
UNK: Now, what is your plan, and who are you working with?
Haddad : I don't know what you're talking about.
Farrah : "They know, and it'll all be over soon."
Castle : That's what you said upstairs on the phone.
UNK: So who were you talking to?
Haddad : Why should I answer when I can see you won't believe me?