Castle : Right over there.
Beckett : Is that what I think it is, in her hand?
Castle : Poisoned apple.
Beckett : She's Snow White.
Castle : Looks like we've got a fairytale killer on our hands.
ESPOSITO : Yo, Beckett.
Beckett : Excuse me.
ESPOSITO : Her MedicAlert bracelet got us an ID.
Esposito : She's Kristina Curtis, 25, lives on the Upper East Side.
Beckett : Does she have next of kin? Yeah, her husband.
Ryan : His name's Noah Curtis.
Beckett : Okay, I need you guys to take point on the interview.
Beckett : Find out what he knows about this
UNK: and let's see if Kristina was connected to the other victim.
Ryan : You know, if our killer is dressing his victims in these costumes,
Ryan : I bet we can ID the manufacturer
Ryan : and find out where he got them.
Beckett : That's a good idea. You run with it.
UNK: Ah. Here it is, "White as snow, red as blood, black as ebony."
Beckett : So, our victims aren't reenacting the fairytales.
Beckett : The killer is.
Lanie : Only this woman didn't die from a poisoned apple.
Lanie : She has the same injection marks as Amy Morgan.
Beckett : Do you have time of death?
UNK: Between 5 : 00 and 7 : 00 a.m. this morning.
Castle : So he kills Red Riding Hood,
UNK: then six hours later, he strikes again?
Castle : That's a pretty quick turnaround.
UNK: That's all the markings of a serial killer.
UNK: Yeah, but technically,
UNK: you have to murder three times to be a serial killer.
UNK: Yeah, let's make sure he never gets there.
ESPOSITO : When did you last see your wife, Mr. Curtis?
UNK: Just before 5 : 00 a.m. when she left for her jog.
UNK: Noah Curtis : She gave me a kiss goodbye. That was the last time I saw her.
UNK: Noah Curtis : I can't believe she's gone.
Ryan : Mr. Curtis, this run she took, who else knew she was going?
Noah : Other joggers in the park, I guess. She went every morning.
Noah : Even in the snow, she never missed a day.
Esposito : She have problems with any of the other joggers?
Noah : No. Not that she told me.
Ryan : Did she ever mention being followed or watched?
Noah : You're saying someone was stalking her?
Ryan : Under the circumstances, this doesn't look like a random attack.
Ryan : What did your wife do for a living?
Noah : She owned an art gallery on 5th Avenue.
UNK: It's family owned, she took it over from her dad.
Esposito : You ever see this woman before?
Esposito : Or heard the name Amy Morgan?
Noah : No, I don't think so. Why? Who is she?
ESPOSITO : She's another victim, Mr. Curtis.
Esposito : Could she be an acquaintance of Kristina's?
Noah : I don't recognize her. I'm sorry.
Ryan : Did you notice anything unusual
Ryan : about Kristina lately or her state of mind?
UNK: Maybe something she said or did?
Leslie : There was something strange last week.
Noah : We were supposed to have lunch on Friday, but she didn't show.
Noah : She called later to say
Noah : she went to the art gallery for a last-minute emergency.
Ryan : Last Friday. Was your lunch at 1 : 00 p.m.?
UNK: Yeah. Yeah, it was. Why?
RYAN : Kristina lied to her husband
Beckett : about why she missed their lunch.
Ryan : She wasn't at the art gallery last Friday.
Ryan : They don't know where she was.
UNK: Okay, so both of our victims were unaccounted for
Beckett : at exactly the same time, shortly before they got killed.
Beckett : So where did they go?
UNK: Yeah, still working on it. Excuse me. Yeah, Ryan here.
Castle : Maybe they knew each other.
Beckett : No, their families said they didn't know each other.
Beckett : They had completely different careers
UNK: and they lived in different parts of town.
Beckett : It seems like their lives never really intersected.
Castle : Until they both died at the hand of the same killer.
Beckett : So, why these two women? And why fairytales?
Beckett : Did the killer have some kind of a random obsession?
Beckett : Or was there a deeper meaning behind all of it?
Castle : Well, I think he's trying to tell a story with these bodies.
Castle : I just don't know what it is yet.
Esposito : Maybe it's about money.
Esposito : Turns out Kristina raided her trust account.
Esposito : Guess how much she took out.
UNK: $50,605.
Castle : So both victims go AWOL on Friday,
Castle : and both pull out the exact same amount of cash?
Castle : That's not a coincidence.
Beckett : That is a connection.
UNK: Can you get ahold of Kristina's family?
Beckett : See if they know why she might have needed that money?
UNK: Yeah, I'll reach out to the husband.
UNK: Thanks. Ryan, what did you find out?
Ryan : I think I might have found a pathway to our killer.
Ryan : Those Snow White and Red Riding Hood outfits?
Ryan : They were made by the same manufacturer.
Beckett : Do you know where they were sold?
UNK: No, I'm still waiting for a list
Ryan : of stores that carry the costumes,
Ryan : both online and brick-and-mortar.
UNK: I should have some answers by the morning.