Charlotte : So what if the killer's still out there? What if he comes after me?
Beckett : He won't. We have officers outside 24/7.
Beckett : We'll find him, Charlotte, we just... We need a bit of your help.
Jamie : Of course. Whatever I can do.
Beckett : Well, we think that the key to finding the real killer is through
Beckett : understanding exactly what happened the night of Owen's death.
Beckett : Can you answer a few questions?
Charlotte : Yeah, I mean, I guess so.
Charlotte : Though I'm pretty sure I told you everything I know.
Beckett : Well, last time we spoke, you said that everyone was in Amy's car?
UNK: Right.
Beckett : And who was driving?
Charlotte : She was. Why?
Castle : Well, we did a little checking.
Castle : The day after Owen died, Amy brought her car to a body shop.
Castle : She had a broken grill and a dented bumper.
Beckett : Any idea how she got those dents?
CASTLE : Charlotte, what really happened that night?
Castle : Did Owen try to get back into the car? Maybe Amy panicked?
Castle : Accidentally hitting him as she drove away?
UNK: Charlotte?
Charlotte : I begged Amy to go back.
Charlotte : Kristina and I both did. We begged her, but she just kept driving.
Charlotte : She didn't mean to hurt him. It was just an accident.
Charlotte : That's the truth. That's what really happened.
Darren : Is it?
Castle : Take a look
Castle : at how the bows are tied on the victims' costumes.
Charlotte : What about them?
Castle : Well, the killer tied these bows
Castle : after the victims were drugged.
Castle : See how they look? How the loops are pleasingly horizontal?
Castle : Now look at the bow on your Sleeping Beauty outfit.
Castle : See how the loops are vertical?
UNK: It's a little weird.
Castle : I mean, if the killer tied all three bows,
Castle : why would yours be different?
Beckett : It's because you tied all three bows.
Beckett : This one is different because you
Beckett : tied it on yourself behind your back.
Charlotte : No. I was attacked. I am a victim.
Castle : Yet your doctor said you received
Castle : half the dose of oxy that the other girls got, a non-lethal dose.
Beckett : How soon after we pulled up outside of your building
Beckett : did you give yourself that shot?
Charlotte : This is crazy. Why would I fake an attack on myself?
Castle : So no one would suspect you
Castle : of silencing the only two witnesses to your crime.
Charlotte : What are you talking about?
Castle : At the time, Kristina and Amy were willing to bury your secret,
Castle : but then this photo showed up.
BECKETT : I mean, how long could you
Beckett : expect them to keep the secret,
Beckett : especially since you were at fault?
Castle : All you could think about was the scandal. Jail.
Castle : How it would ruin your life.
Castle : All because Kristina and Amy knew the truth.
Beckett : Charlotte, you were behind the wheel in Amy's car.
Beckett : It was you that hit and killed Owen.
Charlotte : No, Amy was driving. I told you.
Beckett : Then why did you pay for the car repairs?
Beckett : We have the receipt.
Charlotte : You don't know what happened that night.
Charlotte : You can't prove that I hit Owen
Charlotte : and you can't prove that I killed Amy or Kristina.
Beckett : Yes, I can.
Beckett : Your firm handled the reverse mortgage
Beckett : of an old woman named Jamie Isaacson.
Beckett : She paid closing costs with her credit card.
Beckett : That's the same credit card that
Beckett : you used to pay for all three costumes.
Beckett : Charlotte Boyd,
Beckett : you are under arrest for the murders
Beckett : of Amy Morgan, Kristina Curtis,
Beckett : and the wrongful death of Owen Thomas.
Charlotte : The bows? Seriously?
UNK: EXHALES
Castle : Like the Big Bad Wolf, she disguised herself as an innocent.
Castle : But like Snow White's Evil Stepmother,
Castle : she was willing to do anything,
Castle : even kill, to protect her image.
Becktt : After all these years,
Ryan : maybe Owen's family can have some closure about his death.
Esposito : Yeah, but at what cost?
Esposito : Two women are dead. Darren's still being charged with blackmail.
Esposito : And I'm sure his marriage is over.
Beckett : And that's why we need fairytales,
Beckett : in the face of too much reality,
Beckett : to remind us that happy endings are still possible.
Ryan : See you in the morning.
UNK: Later.
UNK: Speaking of fairytales,
Castle : my mother is ready to give her encore performance.
Beckett : Time to go back into the woods?
Castle : Still got your gun?
Martha : It was the opportunity of a lifetime.
Martha : The chance to originate the role
UNK: of the Wicked Witch on Broadway,
Martha : but it would mean being away from home
UNK: six nights a week, two matinees.
Martha : What was I to do?
Castle : Realize that none of it ever happened.
MARTHA : Francis Bacon once wrote,
UNK: "He that hath children hath given hostages to fortune."
Martha : Well, if I was a hostage, then my son, Richard, was my captor.
Martha : My enslaver.
Castle : Hey, I'm right here.
Martha : I turned down the role, turned my back on fortune.
Martha : And it was the best career move I ever made.
Martha : For an even greater role came my way,
Martha : a part, perhaps the greatest role that I have ever played.
Martha : That of mother.
Beckett : That's sweet.
Esposito : You're right. That is sweet.
UNK: SHUSHING
Noah : I'm sorry.
Martha : Now, if Richard had only been able
Martha : to embrace the role of son with the same level of commitment.
Castle : And into the woods we go.