MARTHA : This just doesn't feel right, Marcus.
Martha : Move that chair over there.
Martha : Oh, Richard, your timing is perfect! We could use your help.
Castle : Moving my furniture where I don't want it to go?
UNK: Well, it's just temporary.
UNK: We're having a staged reading of my one-woman show,
Martha : here, tomorrow night.
Castle : Ah, It's too bad you don't have an acting studio
Castle : to do this kind of thing in.
UNK: Oh, wait, you do.
Martha : The little black box theater is not right for this, dear.
Martha : It needs something much more intimate.
UNK: It'll be very avant-garde.
MARTHA : Exactly. Now, I think this chair should be here,
UNK: because I want to create...
UNK: Sweetie, couldn't you have done something to discourage this?
UNK: Alexis Castle : I tried, Dad, but she made me stage manager.
UNK: Alexis Castle : Look, it's not as bad as you think.
UNK: Alexis Castle : Just 20 or 30 people. And we'll put everything back.
Alexis : This play means a lot to Gram.
Alexis : And it's actually really good.
Alexis : Now I understand things about her I never did before.
Alexis : About you, too.
Castle : About me?
MARTHA : No, no, no, no.
Martha : This space needs to be bigger. An actor needs space.
Castle : "Richard always had a dark imagination.
UNK: "He was destined either to become
UNK: "a serial killer or a mystery writer."
Castle : Mother, really?
Martha : Oh. It's just a slight exaggeration.
Castle : And according to this,
Castle : you were responsible for launching my writing career by...
Castle : You slept with my first publisher?
Marcus : Mr. Castle, I'm sure your talent
UNK: would've gotten you there eventually.
Castle : My talent did get me there.
Castle : I didn't get published because of her.
Martha : Technically, I slept with him after your book was out.
Martha : This is just to be more salacious.
Ryan : Wasn't he practically my age?
Martha : Honey, you know I've always loved younger men.
Martha : They have so much energy. Enough to keep up with me.
Martha : Most of the time.
UNK: I'm gonna erase that image from my mind with a bottle of scotch.
Martha : Oh. Darling, I invited Beckett to the reading tomorrow night.
Martha : So you two might want to make a date of it.
Beckett : What was I supposed to do? Say no?
UNK: Yes.
Beckett : Why are you so against your mom's play?
Castle : Because she's rewriting history. My history.
Castle : Trust me, I lived through it.
UNK: She's making it sound like it's her own personal fairytale.
UNK: Oh, you don't like it when someone
Beckett : writes their own version of your life?
UNK: Interesting.
Castle : Okay, are you referring to the Nikki Heat books?
Castle : Because this is completely different.
Beckett : How is it different?
Castle : Well, for one thing,
UNK: I'm not claiming that what I write is actually true.
Beckett : Well, I don't think she is, either.
UNK: Come on, Castle, you said so yourself.
Beckett : Everyone needs a fairytale.
Beckett : What's the harm in letting your mom have one of her own?
UNK: Okay, let's change the subject
Castle : to something less likely to give me an ulcer.
Castle : How about that mysterious $50,605?
UNK: Okay, well, we talked to pretty much
Beckett : everyone close to Amy and Kristina,
Beckett : and no one seems to know why they pulled out that money.
Castle : What about where they were at 1 : 00 p.m. on Friday?
Beckett : Nothing popped on Amy's email or phone calls.
Beckett : And the techs are still going through Kristina's computer.
Ryan : Hey, guys, I think we might have caught a break.
Ryan : We tracked down that website that sold the costumes.
UNK: The Red Riding Hood cloak and the Snow White dress worn by our victims
Ryan : were shipped out eight days ago.
Beckett : To whom? Do you have a name?
UNK: Yeah, Jamie Isaacson, lives at 11th Street and 7th Avenue.
UNK: And he didn't just order two costumes,
UNK: there was a third in the shipment as well, for Sleeping Beauty.
CASTLE : Sleeping Beauty?
Castle : He's gonna kill again.
Beckett : Not if we get to him first.
UNK: BANGING ON DOOR
Esposito : Jamie Isaacson? NYPD, open up!
UNK: Kick it. Yeah.
UNK: COP 1 : Go! Go! Go! Go!
UNK: COP 2 : Clear.
Esposito : Room clear.