UNK: COP 3 : Clear.
Esposito : All these freaky dolls. Just how I pictured this guy's lair.
Ryan : Ever since Chucky, I haven't been able to look at a doll.
UNK: COP 1 : Detectives!
UNK: SCRAPING
UNK: Jamie Isaacson : Did you have to knock down my door?
UNK: Ma'am, we announced ourselves.
Jamie : I was coming. I don't move as fast as I used to.
Ryan : Ma'am, do you know a Jamie Isaacson?
Jamie : Of course I know a Jamie Isaacson.
Jamie : I'm Jamie Isaacson.
UNK: STAMMERS
UNK: Candy? It's very good.
Ryan : No, thanks.
Ryan : Mrs. Isaacson, does anyone else live here?
Jamie : No, dearie, nobody else lives here. Just me and my friends.
UNK: Do you have any family who checks on you? Health care workers?
UNK: Other more human friends?
Jamie : Well, mostly it's just us. Why?
Esposito : Did you receive a package in the mail last week, Mrs. Isaacson?
UNK: Why, I receive packages all the time.
Jamie : Molly and Abigail are new arrivals. Aren't they gorgeous?
Ryan : Yes, they are.
Esposito : What about a delivery of fairytale costumes?
Esposito : Fairytale costumes?
Ryan : According to our records, you ordered three from a website last week.
Jamie : Well, that's just ridiculous.
Jamie : What would I do with fairytale costumes?
UNK: I can't imagine.
Esposito : So you didn't order any costumes from the Internet?
Jamie : Do I look like someone who has a habit of wasting money?
Jamie : I'm on a fixed income.
UNK: I happened to notice that you don't
Esposito : have a doorman for this building.
Esposito : So where are your packages left?
Jamie : By the mailbox in the lobby.
Ryan : Mrs. Isaacson, did you notice
Ryan : any unusual charges on your credit card?
Ryan : Anyone have access to it?
Jamie : Well, not unless they're digging for gold.
Jamie : Can't be too safe these days.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: So UPS confirms that a package of costumes
Beckett : was dropped off at Mrs. Isaacson's lobby,
Beckett : but nobody signed for it.
Beckett : Per buyer's instructions.
RYAN : Here's some more bad news.
Ryan : No security cameras inside the lobby or outside.
UNK: And from what we could tell, the building's not terribly secure.
UNK: Our killer probably knew that, that's why he used it as a delivery drop.
Ryan : If he knew the old lady's credit card number,
Ryan : maybe he knew her.
Castle : Could be.
Castle : Could be he just found her credit card statements in the trash.
Castle : It's old school, but it's effective.
BECKETT : You guys, for all we know,
Beckett : he's targeting Sleeping Beauty as we speak.
UNK: Yo. I got something.
UNK: That missing hour of Kristina's at lunchtime last Friday?
UNK: Tech found a map search on her tablet that day at 12 : 50 p.m.
UNK: Walking directions to Glassman's Cafe on the Upper West Side.
Beckett : Okay, great. You guys go to the cafe.
Beckett : See if you can figure out who she was meeting with.
Ryan : On it.
Beckett : In the meantime, I'm gonna get ahold of uniforms
Beckett : and ask them to double foot patrols in parks.
UNK: Only he's not gonna strike in a park this time.
UNK: In the Grimm stories,
Beckett : Red Riding Hood and Snow White were found in the woods.
Castle : But Sleeping Beauty...
Beckett : Was found in her bedroom.
UNK: Right.
Beckett : Great, so that narrows it down to several million apartments,
Beckett : and that is just in Manhattan.
Castle : It doesn't make sense.
Beckett : What doesn't make any sense?
Castle : His motive.
Castle : All serial killers are expressing some psychological impulse.
Castle : Somewhere deep down, there's a twisted logic to their insanity.
Beckett : Okay, keep going.
Castle : In the original Grimm's tales,
Castle : Red Riding Hood, Snow White, Sleeping Beauty,
Castle : they all end up near death, but were saved at the last minute.
Beckett : It's like he's trying to take away our victims' happy endings.
CASTLE : Right, not only that,
UNK: but he could've ordered any costume, but he picked these.
UNK: He took great care in the details, the wolf's claw, the apple.
Castle : He chose these characters for a reason.