Esposito : A car. His body was found on the side of the road.
Esposito : ME wrote it up as a hit-and-run.
Esposito : There were no witnesses, so the trail went cold.
Esposito : They never solved the case.
Castle : "Who's the guiltiest of them all?"
Castle : The killer thinks that one of these women
Castle : is responsible for his death.
ESPOSITO : Maybe they are.
Beckett : This photo proves that they were
Esposito : the last ones to see him alive,
Esposito : yet none of them gave statements to the cops.
Castle : But why are the murders happening now, seven years later?
Becktt : Well, maybe after all these years, someone found this photo.
Becktt : Esposito, can you look into Owen's family and friends?
Becktt : Someone might be trying to get payback for his death.
Esposito : You got it. CELL PHONE RINGING
UNK: Beckett. Yeah. We'll be right there.
Castle : Sleeping Beauty just woke up.
UNK: KNOCK ON DOOR
UNK: Charlotte.
Beckett : I'm Detective Beckett, this is Mr. Castle.
Beckett : Do you feel well enough to answer a few questions?
UNK: Yeah. CLEARS THROAT
Beckett : What can you tell us about the attack?
Charlotte : I was at my computer just listening to music
Charlotte : and the next thing you know I'm being pushed to the floor.
Castle : Did you see who did it?
UNK: No, but they're saying I was drugged.
Castle : Why would someone do this to me?
UNK: Charlotte, I think you know why.
Beckett : All three of you received a copy of this photo.
Beckett : Amy and Kristina weren't as lucky as you.
Beckett : They didn't make it.
UNK: SOBBING Oh, my God!
Charlotte : But we did what he asked. We paid him.
Castle : What does he have on you? What happened to Owen that night?
UNK: Charlotte?
Charlotte : It was just some stupid fairytale rave.
Charlotte : We were just looking to dance and have fun.
Charlotte : And Owen had scored some Special K.
Charlotte : That hit us pretty hard.
Charlotte : But Kristina had some of her mom's oxy
Charlotte : and said it would even us out.
Charlotte : Somehow we ended up in Amy's car
UNK: and that's where this picture was taken.
Beckett : How did Owen end up on the side of the road?
Charlotte : He was having some seriously bad hallucinations.
Charlotte : Just screaming and grabbing us.
Charlotte : So we pulled the car over and we made him get out.
Charlotte : We just figured he'd walk back to the rave.
Charlotte : But it was all over the news the next morning
UNK: that there'd been a hit-and-run and that he'd been killed.
UNK: And why didn't you come forward?
Charlotte : We were just kids then. We were scared out of our minds.
Charlotte : You have to understand, we had a lot to lose.
Charlotte : We came from good families. We'd been accepted into college.
UNK: We made a pact and we said
Charlotte : we wouldn't tell anyone what happened that night,
Charlotte : and that we'd never see each other again.
UNK: Look, I'm not excusing how we handled it,
Charlotte : we were stupid, but we didn't do anything.
Castle : Well, someone thinks you did.
Beckett : What did you do with the money?
Charlotte : The note said to put it in a dumpster at Bleecker and Thompson.
Charlotte : We didn't want some scandal messing up our lives, so we did it.
Charlotte : We paid.
Charlotte : So why did he come after us?
UNK: Okay, the corner of Bleecker and Thompson.
Beckett : There are no security cameras at the drop site,
Beckett : and so far no witnesses.
Castle : He covered his bases.
Beckett : I know, it's really starting to piss me off.
Castle : Yeah, and you get cute when you get angry.
Castle : But not when you get angry with me.
Esposito : Yo, so I took a look at Owen's family.
Esposito : I think I found someone with motive.
Esposito : Turns out he has an older brother,
Esposito : and apparently they were close.
Beckett : Any connection to our victims?
UNK: Oh, yeah. See for yourself.
Beckett : Wait, that's Leslie's husband, Darren.
Castle : So Owen's brother is married to our first victim's sister?
ESPOSITO : What are the odds, right?
Castle : Maybe Darren somehow found out that
Castle : his wife's sister was responsible for his brother Owen's death.
UNK: No, maybe the families just knew each other socially.
Beckett : It doesn't mean that Darren's our killer.
UNK: No, that doesn't, but this might.
Ryan : CSU tracked down where the photo was processed.
Ryan : It's from a roll of film,
Ryan : and the guy who dropped it off had three copies made.
Beckett : And does the guy's description match Darren's?
Ryan : Even better. They had security cameras.
BECKETT : It's him.
Leslie : So, is there any news? Did you find out who did this to my sister?
Esposito : First, let me ask,
Esposito : what was Amy's relationship with your husband's brother, Owen?
Leslie : They were high school friends. We all were.
Leslie : What does this have to do with Amy? Owen died years ago.
Esposito : You ever see this before?
UNK: No.
Leslie : That's Amy, and that's Owen.
Leslie : These two, I don't know.
Ryan : It's from the night that he was killed.
UNK: Okay.
Ryan : Your husband Darren had it printed up two weeks ago.
Ryan : Do you have any idea how he got it?
Leslie : Last month, we were cleaning out my dad's attic
Leslie : and found a camera with a roll of film inside.
Leslie : Darren thought it'd be fun to see what was on it.