UNK: Beckett!
UNK: Castle?
Castle : Call an ambulance. She's still alive.
Beckett : Okay, yeah. Just keep me posted on her status. Thanks.
Beckett : So that was the ER. Charlotte is stable but still unconscious.
Lanie : Ketamine and oxycodone?
Beckett : Yeah, and without treatment, her heart could've stopped.
UNK: The doctors say we got there just in time.
Castle : Just like in the fairytale.
Beckett : So, what, you're Prince Charming now?
Castle : Well, if the shoe fits.
Castle : No, I'm just glad we had a happy ending.
Beckett : It won't be a happy ending
Beckett : until evil is vanquished and locked in the dungeon.
Castle : We're closing in on him.
Beckett : Yeah, but he's still a step ahead.
Beckett : I'm hoping that he left some kind of evidence behind.
Esposito : Yo, we've done a full sweep. No sign of the $50,605.
Beckett : A luxury condo, and that much money?
Beckett : What does this girl do for a living?
Esposito : She worked for a real estate firm as a high-end broker.
UNK: If you didn't have 10 mil to plunk down on an apartment,
Esposito : she wasn't your girl.
UNK: Okay, so we got three women. All in their 20s, all successful.
Castle : All have a secret meeting last Friday,
Castle : and then pull the exact same amount of cash at the bank?
Esposito : Maybe they were going in on something. Pooling their money.
Castle : I think we can safely rule out lotto tickets.
Beckett : No, there's gotta be something that we're missing.
Beckett : There's something that links the three of them together.
RYAN : Hey, guys. Look at this.
Ryan : I found it at the bottom of one of Charlotte's drawers.
Ryan : We got our connection.
Beckett : Amy, Charlotte and Kristina. Our three victims.
Castle : All dressed as fairytale characters.
UNK: They're dressed as the same characters
Beckett : that our killer dressed them as.
Castle : Check out the date.
UNK: "05/06/05." That's seven years ago.
Castle : Yeah, it's also the amount of money they withdrew.
UNK: Yeah, 50,605 bucks.
UNK: Yeah, and check out the back.
Castle : "Who's the guiltiest of them all?
UNK: "If you pay, you'll live to see another day."
Beckett : They were being blackmailed?
Castle : Okay, so something happened on that date that connects them all.
UNK: Something that led to their murders.
Esposito : So who's the guy taking the photo?
BECKETT : Maybe he can tell us what happened.
Ryan : CSU only found one set of prints on the photo, Charlotte's.
Ryan : But they were able to determine
Ryan : that it was developed within the last two weeks.
Castle : How can they do that?
UNK: Well, it's machine-processed, like, you know, from a drugstore.
Ryan : And there's a control code auto-printed on the back.
Beckett : Can we use the code to figure out where it was processed?
Ryan : Yeah, already on it.
Ryan : Hopefully that'll get us who ordered the prints.
UNK: This photo was taken seven years ago. Why is it surfacing now?
Esposito : Yo, you were right about the date.
UNK: Something did happen that night. There's even a police report.
Beckett : I don't suppose the report IDs our Prince Charming.
Esposito : Sure does. His name's Owen Thomas.
Esposito : But he can't be our suspect. He's dead.
UNK: He was killed seven years ago, May 6th, 2005.
UNK: 05/06/05.
Beckett : The night that the photo was taken.
UNK: It's also the same night that Owen attended
UNK: an underground rave, fairytale themed.
UNK: He was last seen alive at 10 : 45.
UNK: But this picture was taken at 11 : 23.
BECKETT : But how did he die?
Esposito : Internal bleeding, complicated with
Esposito : high doses of ketamine and oxycodone.
Beckett : That explains our killer's MO.
UNK: Okay, he's high on club drugs,
Castle : but what caused the internal bleeding?