Marcus : Mr. Castle, I'm a huge fan.
Marcus : Just being in this office is a dream come true.
Castle : For me, too. For me, too.
Castle : Only in my dreams, I'm usually by myself.
Martha : We just felt that this room had the best creative juju.
Castle : Oh, it does, it does. Hey, I wrote 20 bestsellers in here.
UNK: Right.
Castle : Like to write another one.
UNK: Now.
Martha : Oh. Can't it wait, dear?
UNK: We're just putting the final touches on Act One.
Martha : You know, where I overcome the challenges
Martha : of being a single working mother. CELL PHONE RINGING
Castle : You know you're writing a work of fiction, right?
UNK: Castle.
Castle : First, Alexis is interning for Lanie. Thank you.
Castle : Now my mother is taking over my office.
Castle : I feel like my whole life is being invaded.
UNK: Kate Beckett : You'll get used to it. I did.
Castle : It is not the same thing.
UNK: Okay, it's similar. Just much less invasive.
Beckett : Hey, Lanie, so what have we got here?
UNK: Lanie Parish : That's a good question. I can tell you this much.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Based on body temp and lividity,
UNK: Lanie Parish : our victim died between 10 : 00 and midnight.
Castle : Claw marks? She was attacked by an animal?
Lanie : Well, she was running from something. She's got dirt on her feet.
Beckett : What animal in Central Park could maul a person to death?
Lanie : I'm not even sure that's what happened.
Lanie : These lacerations look shallow. Non-lethal.
Lanie : But I won't know exactly what killed her
Lanie : until I get her back to the morgue.
Beckett : Do you have an ID?
Lanie : No wallet or purse, so we don't know who she is.
UNK: Isn't it obvious? I mean, am I the only one seeing this?
UNK: What?
Castle : Red cloak, in the woods, animal attack.
Castle : She's Little Red Riding Hood.
Beckett : Great, Castle. I'll call in an APB for the Big Bad Wolf.
Castle : Do you have a better theory?
Beckett : Hey, Ryan?
Beckett : Do you think you could call dispatch,
Beckett : see if there are any reports of a violent animal
Beckett : running around the park?
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Like a wolf? A big bad one?
UNK: Really?
Ryan : That is exactly how I pictured her. It's freaky.
Ryan : My older sister used to read me that story.
Beckett : Okay, when you're done reliving your childhood memories,
UNK: do you also think that you could canvass the area for witnesses
Beckett : and anyone that might know her name?
Beckett : And I bet you, it's not gonna be Little Red Riding Hood.
Ryan : On it.
UNK: "when he leaped up and gobbled down poor Little Red Riding Hood."
Castle : Well, the good news is, the wolf can talk.
Castle : So if we can find him, we might be able to get a confession.
Beckett : Yeah, except in the original story,
Beckett : the wolf doesn't kill Little Red Riding Hood.
Beckett : The Huntsman cuts her out of the wolf's stomach,
Beckett : and then she kills the wolf.
UNK: Someone's a Brothers Grimm fan.
Beckett : Oh, yeah. They didn't sugarcoat it.
Beckett : They understood that fairytales
Beckett : are pretty much horror stories.
Castle : Exactly. Which is why we all need them to grapple with the unknown.
Castle : Which is why they tap into our primal fears.
Castle : Like being alone in the woods,
Castle : or getting eaten by monsters.
Esposito : They're not horror stories. They're life lessons.
Esposito : If you do the right thing, you get to live happily ever after.
UNK: But only in fairytales.
UNK: Speaking of fairytales, turns out
Esposito : that our victim really was Red Riding Hood.
Beckett : Are you drinking Castle's Kool-Aid now?
UNK: No, I mean that she was actually
Esposito : wearing a Red Riding Hood costume.
UNK: It said so right on the label.
Beckett : Okay, so then why was she wearing it
Beckett : in the middle of the woods at night?
Castle : On her way to Grandmother's house?
Esposito : I doubt it. Her grandmother lives in Tallahassee.
Beckett : Great. So you got an ID?
Esposito : Yeah, her prints popped in the DMV database.
UNK: Her name's Amy Morgan. Her sister Leslie's on her way in.
LESLIE : I don't understand. Are you saying
UNK: Leslie Morgan : Amy was attacked by some kind of animal?
Beckett : Do either of you have any idea why she was in the park?
Leslie : Amy never went there. She didn't have time, she was too busy.
Castle : Doing what?
UNK: Well, she was an attorney for Sampson-Briggs. In litigation.
UNK: Darren Thomas : They worked her, like, 100 hours a week.
Beckett : Did she have a boyfriend? Anyone that
UNK: she would've been with last night?
Leslie : Amy's single. She lives alone.
Leslie : She's very driven.
Leslie : Was, she was.
Beckett : Do either of you know why she would be wearing this?
Darren : What is it? A cape?
Castle : It's a Red Riding Hood cloak.
Darren : She was wearing that?
UNK: Mmm-hmm.