Castle : He chose these women for a reason.
Castle : I just haven't figured it out yet.
Beckett : Whatever it is, it has to be connected
Beckett : to the cash that they withdrew.
Castle : Maybe he's choosing women with healthy bank accounts.
UNK: Bank. Sorry?
Beckett : Kristina and Amy both withdrew the same amount of money.
Beckett : Maybe our Sleeping Beauty did as well.
Castle : The IRS requires banks to report any transactions over $10,000.
Castle : So they would have a record of it. Exactly.
Jesse : Yeah, she was here. It was last Friday, during the lunch rush.
Jesse : Right after I spilled ketchup on my new jeans.
Jesse : They were 70% off. Amazing sale.
Esposito : Was she by herself?
Jesse : No. It was a party of three.
Ryan : Three? Do you remember who else she was with?
Jesse : Two other women.
Jesse : I've never been questioned by cops before.
Jesse : You mind if I tweet about this?
UNK: Yeah, yes, we do mind.
Esposito : This one of the women?
Jesse : Yeah. Are they criminals or something?
Jesse : 'Cause I was getting more of an Upper East Side vibe.
Esposito : No, but this third woman may be in danger.
Esposito : So we need to identify her as soon as possible.
Ryan : Do you remember if she maybe paid
Esposito : with a credit card, maybe you caught her name?
Jesse : Nope, they paid cash.
Ryan : Was anyone else with them? A man?
UNK: No.
Ryan : Did you notice anyone watching them?
Jesse : Some of the other customers, but only because they were arguing.
Ryan : About what?
Leslie : I don't know, I kind of tried to eavesdrop.
Jesse : But every time I went over there,
Jesse : they gave me the death stare.
Jesse : Whatever they were talking about, they didn't want me to hear.
Beckett : Okay, so, the IRS search reveals 10 different cash transactions
UNK: between $50,000 and $60,000 that day.
UNK: Two belonged to our Red Riding Hood and Snow White,
UNK: that leaves us eight.
UNK: Five of them were made by males, leaving three women.
Beckett : Jessica Harper, Charlotte Boyd and Dana Wilson.
Castle : Harper and Wilson are in their 50s. They don't fit the profile.
Beckett : Which leaves us Charlotte Boyd.
UNK: PHONE RINGING
UNK: Beckett.
Ryan : Kristina was here with Amy Morgan and a third woman last Friday.
Beckett : Let me guess. In her 20s, brown hair, brown eyes, exotic-looking.
UNK: Yeah. How did you know?
Castle : Charlotte isn't answering.
Beckett : Her name's Charlotte Boyd.
Beckett : Ryan, I'm gonna text you her address. Just meet us over there.