Leslie : You don't think he had anything to do with Amy,
Beckett : do you?
Darren : I didn't blackmail anybody.
Beckett : Right, so then you don't recognize this photo?
Darren : Absolutely not.
Beckett : And then this isn't you, is it, Darren?
CASTLE : I can only imagine how you must've felt.
Becktt : After all these years, realizing your own sister-in-law
Castle : might be involved in your brother's death.
Beckett : We found the cash in your storage locker in Queens.
UNK: $151,815.
Castle : Which, by wild coincidence, is exactly $50,605 times three.
Darren : Owen was high.
Darren : He was messed up. They knew that and what did they do?
Darren : They left him there.
Darren : They left him, and he died like road kill.
UNK: You could've gone to the police.
UNK: Because they did such a bang-up job the first time around?
Darren : I just wanted them to pay something for what they did.
UNK: I was even gonna use the money to set up
Darren : a scholarship fund in Owen's name.
Beckett : Really? A scholarship fund?
Beckett : And what's your spin on murder?
Castle : The money wasn't enough. You wanted revenge.
Castle : You wanted them to die, like your brother.
Castle : Dressed in fairytale costumes, ODing on the same drugs he did.
Darren : What? No.
Darren : I don't know who killed them, but it wasn't me.
Beckett : That's gonna be tough to believe, Darren.
Beckett : You had motive. You blamed them for Owen's death.
Beckett : And you just admitted to blackmailing them.
Darren : I want a lawyer.
Beckett : Of course you do.
Beckett : Darren doesn't need a lawyer. He needs a miracle.
Beckett : His wife told Ryan
Beckett : that he wasn't at the house when the murders were committed.
Castle : So that's it, then.
Beckett : Yeah, for this case, we did everything
Beckett : but tie a bow on it for the DA.
RYAN : Right this way, Ms. Morgan.
Leslie : Is it true, Darren? Is it true?
Leslie : Look me in the eyes and tell me it's not true.
UNK: Hey, babe! I didn't hurt anyone.
Leslie : You blackmailed my sister. You lied to me. You...
Darren : No, listen, I'm telling you the truth, okay?
Darren : I didn't kill anyone. I just wanted them to pay.
Leslie : Who would do it, then? You had the picture.
Noah : No, no! Babe, I swear, I swear.
UNK: Oh, my God, it was you!
UNK: You know what? You need to get away from me right now!
DARREN : Listen!
UNK: You just got to stay away.
UNK: Les!
UNK: Well, murder does more damage to the living than to the dead.
Beckett : Yeah, all because of a terrible secret.
Castle : Well, secrets are like time bombs.
UNK: Eventually, they explode.
Beckett : You know, Castle,
UNK: I'm not saying that I condone what Darren did,
Beckett : but I do understand it.
Castle : Yeah. I understand wanting revenge.
Castle : The way he went about it doesn't add up, though.
Beckett : What do you mean?
Castle : Well, blackmail is revenge from a distance.
UNK: Murder's up close and personal.
Castle : It doesn't make sense he would do both.
Beckett : Don't underestimate him. I mean, the only reason
Beckett : that he copped to blackmail was to avoid murder charges.
Beckett : And like any psychopath, he's a great actor.
Esposito : Speaking of...
Castle : Psychopaths or actors?
Beckett : I was thinking about your mom.
Castle : Oh! So a little of both.
Castle : I think we can make the play.
UNK: Really? So you wanna venture into the dark, scary woods?
Beckett : Don't worry, Castle. I got a gun.
Beckett : I'll protect you from the Big Bad Wolf.
Castle : You'd use your gun on my mother?
UNK: I'm touched. Thank you.
UNK: INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING
Castle : Thank you.
Beckett : Oh, wow, Castle, this is quite the soiree.
Castle : Yeah, it's a family trait. We tend to go big.
UNK: Cheers. Cheers.
UNK: Would you excuse me a moment? Yeah.
UNK: Hey.
ALEXIS : Hey, you came.
Martha : It means so much to me, darling.