House : Yeah, I agree, does sound pretty dull. No wonder you want to work for me.
House : Tox screen was clean, we ruled out viral encephalitis.
House : The only obstacle to you coming back is your wife,
House : which has never been that much of an obstacle to you.
Taub : Maybe you're right.
Taub : The only link between eye and muscle is the brain.
Taub : Tumor, seizure...
House : Taub seems to think the link has to be the brain,
House : but eye and muscle are governed
House : by different parts of the patient's second-favorite organ, which means it's...
Thirteen : Thailand was wonderful, thanks for asking.
House : Of course, yes, it has to be multi-focal.
Thirteen : I have an interview with a community health clinic in two hours.
House : Backup plan's fine, but Taub's swinging for the fences.
House : I suggest you don't divide your attention.
Thirteen : Good point. I won't divide my attention then.
House : Taub thinks it's a brain issue,
House : Thirteen thinks it's multi-focal.
Foreman : And neither of them wants to work here.
Foreman : Don't take their word for it.
House : Taub's problem is his wife, Thirteen's problem is you,
House : Chase and Cameron's problem is the dead African dictator.
House : None of them has a problem with the work.
Foreman : Cerebral vasculitis would explain both the eye and arm findings.
House : Steroids to treat, brain angiogram to confirm,
UNK: EMG and a nerve biopsy while you're at it. I'll be at lunch.
House : I'd hire all four, but a five-person team seems unwieldy.
House : Who would you turn down?
House : I'll have whatever he's buying.
Wilson : Two cheeseburgers and two large fries.
Wilson : There are a thousand people in the world who want to be on your staff,
Wilson : but you're going after the four who don't.
House : They don't because their lives are irrelevantly and annoyingly complicated,
House : which makes them confused, which makes them make poor decisions.
Wilson : And your life is simple?
Wilson : You went all the way up to the medical conference to cozy up to Cuddy.
Wilson : Instead, she's dating one of two people in the world you think of as a friend.
Wilson : There's no way that's not devastating.
House : So I had an attraction of sorts.
Wilson : Yeah, the sort in which
Wilson : your imaginary tryst landed you in a mental hospital.
House : And I got help, and she got Lucas,
House : who bought me a ginger ale. It's all fine.
House : Which won't be true of my department
House : unless I can figure out which doctor I'm not hiring.
Wilson : I suppose throwing yourself into your work isn't the worst thing you could do.
House : What is the worst thing I could do?
Foreman : House thinks it's cerebral vasculitis.
Foreman : If you could just do the brain angio while I finish up the blood work...
Chase : We're out the door.
Foreman : He's got me running every test and treatment by myself.
Cameron : Which is why you should be out the door, too.
Cameron : This is completely unreasonable, even for House.
Foreman : You owe me this.
Chase : Thank you.
Cameron : You really believe this is cerebral vasculitis?
Chase : Could be.
Cameron : House wants to thread a catheter through his brain,
Cameron : which could cause a vasospasm,
Cameron : give steroids, which could spread infection all over the place,
Cameron : because it could be.
Chase : Sounds like House.
Cameron : It could also be a severe vitamin D deficiency.
Cameron : He has a restrictive diet, works long hours indoors,
Cameron : became hypocalcemic, got tetany and photophobia.
Hank : You're saying I shouldn't do the angio?
Cameron : House ordered it, Foreman wants it, of course we should do it.
Cameron : I'm just saying we're right to leave.
Cuddy : You sure?
UNK: Because right now I'd basically do anything you asked me.
Cameron : I'm not interested in guilting you. We're moving on.
Chase : Right after I take the patient to the phototherapy suite,
UNK: blast him with ultraviolet light and IV vitamins
Chase : for his severe vitamin D deficiency.
Chase : Do you guys actually work together?
Hank : We did at first. But now we like to keep our films pretty separate.
Chase : So, do you watch her work?
Hank : We're both busy with our own stuff.
Hank : Think what you want, but we're proud of what we do.