Cameron : Divorcing sex from all emotional content?
Lexa : Emotion is emotional, sex is mechanical.
Lexa : There doesn't really need to be any overlap.
Cameron : Certainly not in your world.
Hank : We've helped a lot of couples
Hank : by taking sex out of some deep, dark dungeon.
Hank : Do what you want without some big moral comeuppance.
Chase : You think you can escape the consequences, but you can't.
Chase : You don't get to make your own rules and morals.
Lexa : Well, you're here to treat him, not lecture us about our...
Lexa : Hank, are you all right? Are you okay?
Chase : Just a nosebleed.
Cameron : Inside his leg?
Cameron : Petechial hemorrhages.
Chase : We were wrong, so was Foreman.
Cameron : Patient's blood won't clot. We're back to square one.
House : And you're back in my office. So much for playing hard to get.
Chase : We're just here to help Foreman.
Cameron : Is that...
House : He's not without talent.
Foreman : UV rays made the patient's capillaries more fragile, hastening the onset of DIC.
Foreman : Sounds like sepsis... But isn't.
House : No sign of shock, no drop in blood pressure.
Chase : Can we turn that off?
UNK: Right, because Cameron thinks pornography is evil.
Chase : I don't care what he does. I don't care what you watch.
Chase : I just think it's annoying that he pretends it's some beautiful life
Chase : we should all be aspiring to.
Chase : Left shift points to bacteremia.
Cameron : No fever, plus it wouldn't explain the spasmodic muscle contractions.
UNK: The ball-and-chain smacked you down.
Cameron : But widespread petechial rash, nervous system involvement...
Cameron : It's some kind of blood infection. Meningococcemia.
House : Start the patient on heparin for the DIC,
House : broad-spectrum antibiotics for the meningococcemia.
House : Dr. Cameron.
House : Chase is relaxed, at ease, in lock-step with you again.
House : I guess he finally told you that he iced Idi Amin Jr.
House : Does that mean he can break the other nine commandments, too?
House : Taking the Lord's name in vain, sure,
House : but coveting thy neighbor's wife?
House : Is she hot?
Cameron : I've forgiven him.
House : Not for murder. Not you.
Foreman : Doesn't matter how evil Dibala was.
UNK: By every conscience- hugging, Mother-Teresa- loving bone in your body,
House : you should be leaving him, not leaving with him.
Cameron : I thought your position was our leaving is a ruse.
House : We're not talking about my position,
House : we're talking about yours, which doesn't add up.
Cameron : Here's what doesn't add up. If you were serious about staffing your team,
Cameron : you would know exactly which three fellows you wanted.
Cameron : You plowed ahead with this case even though you hadn't hired new fellows
Cameron : because you knew Foreman would ask Chase and me to help,
Cameron : giving you more time to blow up our marriage.
UNK: I don't want that.
UNK: But we'd be foolish not to plan ahead.
UNK: A, my firing Chase was the only reason you left two years ago.
UNK: B, when the full horror of his homicide hits you, your marriage will blow up.
UNK: And Z, the only obstacle of you working here will be gone.
UNK: Or maybe I skipped a couple of letters.
Chase : Meningococcemia's spread person-to-person.
Chase : Something you ought to think about next time you show up for work.
UNK: It's okay, your wife's not here.
Chase : I'm just telling you what...
Hank : You have to lecture me when she's around, I get it.
Hank : But I can tell from all the questions you ask that you're more like me than you admit.
Chase : I'm a guy, I look around every once in a while, but I love my wife.
Chase : I love the fact that she's the only one that I'm intimate with.
Hank : And no part of you wants to just toss this rulebook everyone's forced on you?