UNK: And tell them to start looking for a liver donor.
House : Dr. Chase.
House : Your turn.
UNK: So what did she say?
Chase : She forgave me because I feel guilty.
House : That works, too.
Chase : And now you expect me to ask you what the "too" refers to?
House : Only if you're interested. Only if you have doubts about her answer.
House : She thinks that you don't have anything to feel guilty about
House : because you didn't kill anybody, I did.
House : She blames me for Dibala's murder, not you.
Chase : You were barely involved in that case, she knows that.
House : But I created the big, bad, evil climate that allowed it to happen.
Chase : You're wrong.
UNK: Powerful counter-argument.
Chase : Why are you doing this? Why are you trying to screw things up?
House : You got the tense wrong.
House : Things are already screwed up.
House : Which is why you don't just want to work for me, you need to.
House : Cameron thinks you're my personal sock puppet.
House : If you don't stay, it's gonna be hard to prove you're not.
House : I have to go.
House : Last week, my cane could only do 10 minutes.
Chase : What are you doing here?
House : Waiting for you to take a nap so I can surge into the lead.
House : What's the best way to restore the liver in someone with sclerosing cholangitis?
Thirteen : Not getting drawn into this.
House : You already are.
Thirteen : Because you crashed my workout?
House : You're doing core training, which improves balance,
House : which staves off the most debilitating symptoms of Huntington's.
House : You've ended your self-destructive streak.
UNK: You want to do something significant,
House : something that'll last longer than the few years you have left.
House : My team is your first, best choice.
Thirteen : And my first choice is the community health clinic I interviewed with yesterday.
UNK: Absolutely, you should do that.
House : Three hours a week, every doctor should, because every doctor can.
House : But you don't want to be every doctor.
House : Plus, on my team, you get to screw with Foreman.
House : Every way but literally.
Chase : Why are you doing it this way?
Thirteen : You're pretending to assume we're all coming back,
Thirteen : without actually asking us. Why?
House : See, this is why you'd be miserable wiping noses in a clinic.
Thirteen : You can't ask because you can't face the rejection.
Thirteen : Why not? What's going on?
House : Are you asking me to ask you?
Thirteen : I'm saying you shouldn't, for your sake as well as mine.
Cameron : We don't know how much the sclerosing cholangitis has damaged your liver.
Cameron : It might be in a year, might be in 10,
Cameron : but the odds are you're gonna need a new one.
Cameron : And you should know, while no transplant committee will say this openly,
Cameron : they'll never grant an organ to someone working in your profession.
Hank : You're saying I have to change jobs?
Hank : You're medically advising me to change jobs?
Lexa : Hank, if you're too sick...
Hank : She wants me to have some kind of religious conversion.
Hank : She's practically salivating over it.
Cameron : I'm just being candid about...
Hank : So you don't think I'm scum, just some committee thinks I'm scum?
Cameron : That your lifestyle has risks.
Hank : You work around more sick people, and germs, and blood than I do.
Hank : I'm not gonna live my life afraid like my parents did.
Hank : Barely letting me play outside and God forbid that I get a scratch.
Lexa : I'll talk to him. He'll calm down and realize that this is the only way.
Hank : No. No, I won't.
Hank : Why does everyone want to dictate the way I live my life?
Lexa : Because the way we're living it is gonna kill you.
UNK: Passing the pancreatic duct.
Foreman : Don't listen to House.
Chase : You have no idea what he said.
Foreman : I know that House is manipulative.
Foreman : I know that you're in a vulnerable state right now.
Foreman : And I know that Cameron wants your marriage to work, so do you.
Foreman : So don't listen to House.