House : It's possible.
House : It would require the presupposition that everything
House : she's done for the last six years
House : has been completely inconsistent with her character,
House : but, yeah, it's possible.
Chase : As we've already established, it's also possible that you're wrong.
House : Or there's another explanation.
House : Since you don't have one, I'm gonna keep looking for you.
Chase : Let him drain, then pack it with anesthetics and sterile gauze.
Hank : Do you have any idea what's going on with House?
Cuddy : He's trying to get his old fellows back.
Wilson : It's called stalking.
Cuddy : I am way too busy to play officer of the court.
Wilson : That's a shame, since you're the one who triggered this.
Wilson : What do you see in Lucas anyway?
Cuddy : I don't see that it's any of your business.
Wilson : Did you think House wouldn't find out?
Wilson : You could've at least told me,
Wilson : so I wouldn't have coached him on how to prove his worthiness to you.
Cuddy : I know you're upset with me because I didn't choose to date your best friend,
Cuddy : but I'm living my life.
Cuddy : For the first time.
Cuddy : I'm not gonna change that because of how it might affect him, or you.
Cuddy : I feel like crap.
Lucas : Yeah, look, our relationship is gonna be about House or it's gonna be about us.
Lucas : I vote for it being about us.
Cuddy : House is gonna make it about him for us.
Lucas : This is very insulting. You're apparently shocked by this,
Lucas : which means that you thought that there was some way that we could date,
Lucas : get married, have two kids, a dog, retire to Florida,
Lucas : all without House finding out.
Lucas : Or you thought that we wouldn't date all that long.
UNK: The first means you're delusional,
Lucas : the second means I'm delusional.
Lucas : Technically, it could also mean you thought House had matured,
Lucas : but then we're back to your being...
Cuddy : Shut up.
Taub : You're right. I'm sorry.
Lucas : I'm also flattered.
Lucas : Yeah, 'cause you acted all cool and everything with Wilson,
Lucas : but you feel comfortable enough with me that you can freak out.
Lucas : That's cool.
Chase : His sinuses are clear. The antibiotics should work this time.
Chase : Why did you forgive me?
UNK: I mean, I'm glad, I'm grateful, but I'm confused.
Chase : You've been harder on the patient than you've been on me.
Cameron : The difference between you and the patient is that you feel shame, guilt.
Cameron : That's how I know we're gonna get through this.
Hank : My stomach.
Hank : It really hurts.
Cameron : His liver's failing.
Chase : His liver's failing and his abdomen keeps filling with fluid, so...
Cameron : It's not meningococcemia.
House : No matter how much you finish each other's sentences,
House : don't count on being a diagnostic package deal.
Foreman : Patient's liver's not working.
Foreman : We don't have time for your little team-stakes.
Chase : Sometimes you're just wrong.
Chase : Something genetic, something in his family history we overlooked?
Foreman : History and genetics are spotless.
Foreman : Plus, every time he had a bad cough as a kid, he went to a doctor.
Cameron : Klatskin tumor, obstructing his bile ducts?
Foreman : No jaundice, wouldn't have ocular effects.
Chase : But if it's inflammation inside the bile channels, sclerosing cholangitis.
Cameron : Could've stopped him from producing clotting proteins,
Cameron : damaged his blood cells, causing small strokes.
House : Enough, enough! Stop pummeling Thirteen and Taub.
House : It fits. Prep the patient for an ERCP,
House : see if there's any hope of opening his blocked bile channels.