Chase : We're gonna be late for work.
Cameron : Then we'll be late.
Cameron : You took a patient's life. You lied about it for weeks,
Cameron : you broke who knows how many laws and oaths to cover it up,
Cameron : but I can live with it.
Cameron : We can get through it together.
Chase : You have no idea what I've been living with,
Chase : and what it means to hear you say that.
Cameron : But we need to get away from Princeton-Plainsboro.
Cameron : You can barely walk by the rooms where Dibala was treated.
Cameron : Why should we live with that hanging over our heads?
Cameron : If there was ever a time to turn the page...
Foreman : Three-month-old with fever,
Foreman : incessant drooling, and chronic muscle weakness.
House : Or porn actor Hank Hardwick, born Henry Lefkowitz, totally clean workup,
House : collapsed on the job with extreme photophobia.
Foreman : Or an infant as limp as a rag doll.
House : Yeah. Let's wait till Chase and Cameron get here.
UNK: I have the feeling they'll have the good sense to side with me.
Foreman : Doesn't matter who they side with, I'm still in charge.
Foreman : We're taking the limp three-month-old.
House : Oh, good, you paged the limpness specialist.
House : This envelope is oddly medical-licensed shaped.
UNK: Congratulations.
Foreman : House is back in charge. We get to treat a porn star.
UNK: Congratulations.
Cameron : Perfect timing for us.
Chase : We're leaving the team and the hospital, effective immediately.
UNK: It's kind of sudden.
House : Unless you've been circulating your resumes for a while.
Chase : We're just starting to think about new jobs, where we want to live.
House : Moving, too. Interesting.
Cuddy : Are you sure about this?
UNK: Yes.
Foreman : We'll miss you.
Cameron : We'll miss all of you, too.
Cameron : We'll start clearing out our things.
House : Run an STD panel and a tox screen,
House : send a C-reactive protein to look for inflammation
House : and an ANA to screen for autoimmune.
House : The rest of you take a history and do an LP to rule out viral encephalitis.
House : Oh, it's just you.
House : Here's hoping you're good at multitasking.
Hank : I get tested for STDs regularly,
Hank : so does everyone I work with.
Foreman : Since I'm guessing you don't take their word for it...
Foreman : All right. I'm gonna need you to lie on your side and put your knees to your chest.
Foreman : Any history of alcohol or substance abuse?
Hank : My wife used to smoke a little pot, but I never touch the stuff.
Foreman : You're married?
UNK: Happily. Two years now.
Foreman : She happy you do porn?
UNK: Very. Since she does it, too.
Foreman : You ever get jealous when your wife's working?
Hank : It's a job.
Hank : Once you start letting your work life rule your home life,
Hank : especially if you're in the same line of work, your relationship's gonna be short.
Foreman : You're gonna feel a little pressure.
Foreman : Any history of sexual abuse?
UNK: I defy the cliche.
Foreman : Have you ever suffered depression or psychosis?
Hank : Let me save you some time. There's not a blotch on my medical record.
Hank : Look, I know most of the people in my field
Hank : are drug addicts with daddy issues.
UNK: But I'm a nice Jewish boy from the 'burbs. I wasn't driven to this.
Hank : I chose it. I believe in it. I actually think it's...
Hank : My arms are killing me.
Foreman : Looks like tetany. Your muscles are contracting.
Foreman : Need some meperidine in here.
Hank : Oh, God.
House : Jew with megalophallus, photophobia, and muscle spasm.
House : You tell me which is the most unusual.
House : Four candidates, three slots on the team.
House : Need to know if you've still got your diagnostic chops.
UNK: I leave this office by 6 : 00 every day.
UNK: I have my weekends again. I recognize my wife again.