House : No, that wasn't trust.
House : That was...
UNK: self-preservation.
UNK: No.
Dominic : That was huge.
Dominic : It was like a conversation.
UNK: A monk-- a monkey's afraid to eat the red berries until he sees another monkey eat them.
House : Monkey see, monkey do.
House : That's all it was.
House : Your kid's still just as messed up as when we admitted him.
Wilson : That was sensitive.
House : You have pretty hair.
Wilson : Hope is all those parents have going for them.
House : No, hope is what's making them miserable.
House : What they should do is get a cocker spaniel.
House : A dog would look them in the eye.
House : Wag his tail when he's happy.
House : Lick their face, show them love.
Cameron : Is it so wrong for them to want to have a normal child?
Cameron : It's normal to want to be normal.
UNK: Spoken likea true circle queen.
House : See, skinny, socially privileged white people get to draw this neat little circle.
House : And everyone inside the circle is normal.
UNK: Everyone outside the circle should be beaten, broken and reset so they can be brought into the circle.
House : Failing that, they should be institutionalized.
House : Or worse, pitied.
Cameron : So it's wrong to feel sorry for this little boy?
House : Why would you feel sorry for someone who gets to opt out of the inane courteous formalities?
House : Which are utterly meaningless, insincere and therefore degrading?
House : This kid doesn't have to pretend to be interested in your back pain, or your excretions, or your grandma's itchy place.
House : Can you imagine how liberating it would be to live a life free of all the mind-numbing social niceties?
House : I don't pity this kid.
House : I envy him.
UNK: Uh, no cancer.
UNK: Because...
Wilson : These aren't lymph cells.
Cameron : Then what are they?
Wilson : Liver cells.
House : Liver cells under his arm.
UNK: Wonder what he's got whereh is liver's supposed to be.
House : Anyone got a clue how liver cells got into the kid's armpit?
House : Make yourself at home.
UNK: So, you think maybe Grey's Anatomy got it all wrong?
Foreman : Lymph system circulates fluid, not organ cells.
Cameron : Cancer cells break into the lymphatic system all the time.
Chase : But we're not talking about cancer cells.
House : What's the difference between cancer cells and liver cells?
House : Why can one pass through walls but the other can't?
Cameron : Cancer cells are damaged.
UNK: Lets them grow into blood vessels.
Cameron : Go wherever they want.
UNK: So if the liver cells are damaged-- liver isn't damaged.
Foreman : The tests were normal.
House : So if the liver cells are damaged, it's theoretically possible to pass into the lymphatic system.
House : Liver failure could also explain pleural effusion, even the heart issues.
Cameron : Liver cells are fine.
Cameron : He was immunized for hep A and B, and do you really think this kid is having unprotected sex or sharing needles?
House : Daddy does seem the type to use a rubber.
House : So it's not viral.
UNK: That just leaves "lotta-booze-irrhosis".
UNK: Our ten-year-old boy does not have a drinking problem or cirrhosis.
Foreman : House, when we echoed his heart, we got a piece of his liver-- there was no scarring.
House : Cirrhosis explains the symptoms.
UNK: Heart problems, lungs-- look up "cirrhosis" in the dictionary.
UNK: It means "scarring".
Chase : Parents aren't doing or dosing this kid.
House : How would you know that?
House : Kid can't talk.
House : Why'd you think I took this case?
UNK: He's not gonna give away the ending.
Chase : They quit their jobs for him.
House : Yes, they are everything you'd want in a parent.
House : Unfortunately, their kid is nothing you'd want.
House : When a baby is born, it's perfect.
House : Little fingers, little toes.
House : Plump, perfect, pink.
House : And brimming with unbridled potential.
UNK: But then it's downhill.
House : Some hills steeper than others.
UNK: Parents get off on their kids' accomplishments-- toy Bend over and relax.
UNK: Cute.
House : They'll annoy you with trophy rooms and report cards.
House : Hell, they'll even show you a purple cow and tell you what a keen eye for color their kid has.
House : But this kid...
House : He doesn't smile, he doesn't hug them, he doesn't laugh.
House : His parents get nothing-- the right to brag that their kid picked orange juice out of a lineup.
UNK: So you figure they slip the kid a mickey so they don't have to deal.
House : Do a biopsy to confirm cirrhosis.
UNK: And don't try and pawn it off on Wilson-- he's gonna be busy with Cuddy.
UNK: My parents loved me unconditionally.