Cuddy : Get out of here.
Wilson : Don't you think the restraining order's a little much?
UNK: He's not actually going to have sex with a 17-year-old patient.
UNK: I didn't think he was gonna ask me to dig a blood stained carpet out of a dumpster, either.
Wilson : It might be easier in the long run.
Cuddy : Are we stopping here so House doesn't find us?
UNK: Unless you want to make out.
Cuddy : You want me to surrender to House's coup?
Wilson : No, no, you proactively...
Wilson : Give him what he wants.
Cuddy : I defeat him by surrendering to him.
Wilson : He'll never see it coming.
Wilson : Look, I'll pay for it myself.
Wilson : What is it, a thousand bucks to carpet a room?
Cuddy : Actually, it's 400.
UNK: Oh-- Not doing it.
House : Liver biopsy?
Foreman : They're doing it now.
House : How's it going?
Foreman : Like a biopsy.
Foreman : Needles, cells.
UNK: Screaming.
UNK: What'd you findin the stool sample?
UNK: You were too busy bothering Cuddy, but as discussed, it was negative for parasites.
Foreman : Can we get out of here?
House : I didn't ask what you didn't find.
House : I asked what you did find in the stool sample.
UNK: Stool.
Foreman : And traces of iron, zinc, calcium carbonate.
Foreman : Can we leave?
House : What's the matter?
House : You afraid of the man?
House : Too late.
Cuddy : Leave my stuff alone!
UNK: You have a meeting with a Guggenheim in 15 minutes.
House : Wearing that?
UNK: I'm gonna count to three, and then I'm gonna fire you.
Cameron : - One. - Calcium carbonate, that's an antidiarrheal, right?
House : - Two. - You think that's significant?
UNK: You think hard poops is significant?
House : Two and a half?
House : Never threaten unless you're ready to deliver.
House : Makes you look weak.
House : Thank god you don't have children.
UNK: Dr. Cuddy.
House : Take a message.
Cuddy : Your patient is being rushed to cardiac ICU.
UNK: That's like the one thing that would get me outta here.
UNK: I'm sorry, you can't come in here now.
Dominic : What's going on?
Chase : He's in v-fib.
UNK: Clear.
UNK: Charging.
UNK: Clear.
UNK: Charging.
UNK: Clear.
UNK: Charging.
UNK: Clear.
Cameron : He's stable for the moment.
UNK: First-degree atrial ventricular block.
UNK: Okay.
House : What else do we know?
UNK: His liver's damaged, pleural effusion compromised his lung function.
Chase : biopsy was negative for cirrhosis.
Chase : Parents didn't poison their son.
House : It's not his liver, his heart, or his lungs.
UNK: It's the calcium carbonate in his stool.
UNK: Kid was constipated.
Chase : Parents probably just overdid it.
House : Or they didn't do it at all.
House : Calcium carbonate's also what's in chalk.
Foreman : So he ate some chalk.
Foreman : It isn't toxic-- Sure didn't cause the pleural effusion.
House : Forget the chalk.
Cameron : You just said it was about the chalk.
UNK: Yes, and then I said, "forget the chalk".
House : You must be very confused.
House : This kid's got pica.