UNK: Nobody knew how to speak "autistic".
House : When I asked him what he ate, he even told me that.
Dominic : What are you talking about?
Dominic : What was he seeing?
House : Hello, my pretties.
House : It's not a tumor, Foreman.
House : It's worms.
House : Swimming in his eye.
House : Animal makes potty in the sandbox.
House : Boy plays in the sandbox, boy eats the sand.
House : You can probably tell where this is going by now.
Foreman : Stool samples were negative for parasites.
House : Raccoon roundworms are not excreted by their human host.
Foreman : Cameron tested the sand.
House : All of it?
House : Worms spread from his gut to the rest of his body.
UNK: They attacked his lungs.
House : That's what made him scream and caused the effusion.
UNK: They invade his liver, sending dead liver cells coursing through his system.
UNK: They attack his eyeand the muscles surrounding it, making his eyeball do a backflip.
UNK: Laser photocoagulation to fix the eye and a high dose of benzimidazole to kill the worms.
Dominic : Wait a minute.
Dominic : That's it?
UNK: H-he's gonna be okay?
House : Good news.
UNK: He's gonna be with you for a long, long time.
Wilson : I'm going to read you something.
UNK: "Asperger's syndrome is a mild and rare form of autism".
UNK: "It is typically characterized by difficulty establishing friendshipsand playing with peers,
UNK: trouble accepting convential social rules, and they dislike any change in setting or routine."
Wilson : Or broadloom.
UNK: It doesn't say that last part, but you get my point.
Cuddy : House doesn't have Asperger's.
UNK: The diagnosisis much simpler.
Cuddy : He's a jerk.
Wilson : Why do you think he took this case?
Wilson : Because he believes these parents?
Wilson : Because he wants to help a young boy?
Wilson : He sees himself in this kid.
Wilson : And he's trying to help himself.
Wilson : He doesn't want this.
Wilson : He needs it.
Wilson : You're not autistic.
Wilson : You don't even have Asperger's.
Wilson : You wish you did.
Wilson : It would exempt you from the rules.
Wilson : Give you freedom, absolve you of responsibility.
UNK: Let you date 17-year-olds.
Wilson : But most important, it would mean that you're not just a jerk.
House : At what point does a person endlessly lecturing someone make him a jerk?
UNK: Your first tongue kiss...
UNK: An eight on the happiness scale.
House : Your child being snatched back from the brink of death...
UNK: That's a ten.
UNK: But they're clocking in at a very tepid 6.5,
House : because they know what they have to go back to.
UNK: Uh, listen...
UNK: Thanks.
Sarah : You saved his life.
House : Yeah, I know.
House : See ya.
UNK: That was so good.
UNK: That was a ten.
Cameron : All change is bad?
Cameron : It's not true, you know.