UNK: Ten-year-old boy, screams for his life for no reason.
Foreman : He's autistic.
Foreman : Severely autistic.
Foreman : Can't talk, can't make eye contact.
Foreman : Screaming's probably his way of communicating.
UNK: And he went to three different doctors who all said just that.
UNK: Well, so clearly, that can't be the answer.
Foreman : His brain can't filter information.
Foreman : It's a constant assault on his senses.
Foreman : I'd scream too.
House : Or it's something medical sounding, like dysesthesia.
House : Parents are convinced that there's something wrong with their son.
UNK: Since when did we start believing parents?
Cameron : Or anyone?
Cameron : Where are we going?
UNK: Elevator.
House : Dad was on wall street, mom was a partner in an accounting firm.
House : When their son was diagnosed with autism, they both quit.
Foreman : So they're overprotective and scared.
UNK: That's all the more reason to discount-- they study this kid.
House : Heard him scream a million times.
UNK: But in ten years of caring for him, this is the first time they've brought him to a hospital.
Foreman : E.R. checked his throat. No obstructions, nothing.
Foreman : Which means the only symptom was a scream, which is diagnostic of nothing.
UNK: Kid clutched his chest, B.P. was elevated.
UNK: Maybe there was chest pain.
Foreman : E.R. said the heart was fine.
House : Don't be so quick to dismiss pain.
Cameron : Where are we going?
UNK: Down.
House : Stool sample to check for parasites.
House : Blood culture to rule out infection.
House : And ana for lupus.
Cameron : Because he screamed?
Chase : Could also be an environmental reaction.
Chase : An allergy.
Chase : Dust, wheat, pollen.
UNK: A toxin, or something he ate. Check the house and run a lung ventilation scan.
House : Lungs are in the chest too, right?
Foreman : I had a date last night.
Foreman : She screamed.
UNK: Should we spend $100,000 testing her?
House : Of course not.
House : This isn't a veterinary hospital.
UNK: Zing!
UNK: Look, if you don't think this kid is worth saving-- that's not what I'm saying.
UNK: Well, it's too bad.
House : It's a good point.
House : Kid's just a lump with tonsils.
UNK: You know what it's gonna be like ,trying to put an autistic kid into a nuclear scanner?
House : I don't envy you guys.
House : I want my old carpet back.
UNK: we're gonna have to do this later.
Cuddy : A kid...
Cuddy : in the clinic had an accident.
UNK: Generally, when people are on the-- I wanty old carpet back.
Cuddy : It was stained with blood.
House : Yeah, my blood.
House : Which makes the carpet part of me.
House : I want it back.
House : I want to be buried with it.
Cuddy : You think you can get me to do anything you want, regardless of how stupid it is?
House : It's my office!
House : It's where I work. Where I think.
House : Where I save lives, allowing you to brag to rich people so they'll give you more money to spend on mris and low-cut tops.
House : I want it back the way it was.
Cuddy : It's identical to the old carpet.
Cuddy : Except without the hazardous biological waste.
UNK: I shall not return to my office until every patented durable micro fiber has been restored to its rightful place.
UNK: Inspiring.
UNK: You don't want to work in your office,work in the clinic.
UNK: You don't want to work in the clinic,go home.
Cuddy : And don't get paid.
UNK: Attica!
UNK: Attica?
UNK: He,uh,just needs to finish this level.
UNK: We only have the scanner up for the next half hour.
UNK: After that-- trust me.
Dominic : You don't want to move him until he's finished.
UNK: Sooner we do this test,the sooner we can get you guys home.
UNK: Adam.
UNK: Do you think that-- that we--
UNK: Ten minutes,tops.
UNK: If he has a vascular disorder,he might not have that-- he might not have ten minutes?
UNK: I don't have ten minutes.
UNK: No,no,you don't-- want to do that--
Dominic : Adam. Adam.
UNK: Patient 1 : I used metamucil like the doctor told me and finally I was able to use the bathroom.
UNK: Patient 1 : But I saw something in the toilet I couldn't identify.
UNK: I-I wrapped it in tissue paper --so you could take a look.
UNK: Couldn't you sedate him or something?
UNK: I could if I didn't want the test results to mean anything.