UNK: Carpets.
Foreman : We need a stool sample.
Foreman : We should probably wait until he's finished playing that level, huh?
Sarah : I actually think he's a bit better today.
Sarah : He seems more like his old self.
Foreman : It is possible that he was never sick.
UNK: I guess we, uh, could've overreacted.
House : So what makes fluid fill the lining of a kid's lungs?
Cameron : Why are we in here?
UNK: Is this some sort of power play?
UNK: Yeah.
House : So you stuck your finger in the kid and gave him a pleural effusion.
House : You ever considered getting a manicure?
Foreman : I took the stool sample after his lungs failed.
Cameron : Or do you really have a problem with the carpeting?
UNK: Change sets you off-- I said it was a power play.
UNK: Someone answers "yes" to option A, you don't move on to option B.
UNK: If there's a pleural effusion, we have to rule out heart failure.
Cameron : Why now?
Cameron : Why a power play now?
House : I smelled weakness.
House : Get the kid an echocardiogram.
Wilson : That's... funny.
UNK: It says "James Wilson." A strange typo.
UNK: If the fluid comes back an exudate, get him on broad-spectrum antibiotics.
Wilson : Thank you for coming.
Cameron : No problem.
House : Thought you wouldn't mind sharing offices for a while.
Wilson : You share stories, feelings...
UNK: Toys.
Wilson : You don't share offices.
House : That is so not zen.
Wilson : It was a gift.
Wilson : Some doctors get those.
House : So you want mornings or afternoons?
UNK: You couldn't make Cuddy miserable, so you're gonna make me miserable so I can make Cuddy miserable on your behalf?
UNK: Yeah.
Wilson : What makes you think I can make her miserable?
House : Because you're good at that stuff.
UNK: Oh, I'm nothing compared to you.
House : Is there anything you'll throw out?
UNK: That's a gift from an 11-year-old patient of mine.
Wilson : She and I both knew it was a piece of junk, and that's what made her laugh.
UNK: So you gotta keep it until she-- she already did.
UNK: Adam.
Foreman : I need you to stay still, buddy.
UNK: it's okay, it's okay. I got him.
UNK: There we go.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: What?
UNK: What is it? Is his heart okay?
UNK: No.
Foreman : Echo suggested a conduction abnormality.
Foreman : EKG confirmed it.
Chase : Still doesn't explain the effusion.