UNK: Ijustneverthought about it, what I would do.
UNK: You know, what the dream would be if I couldn't have my dream.
Naomi : Empty office.
Addison : I thought we were going to lunch. Why are we still sitting here?
Naomi : We're doing what I do when I get depressed. Just wait.
Naomi : - What time do you have? - It's five to one.
UNK: You know what? I'm glad I can't have a child.
UNK: I'd probably have a kid with two heads.
UNK: It's actually better. I'm grateful I don't have to think about it.
UNK: The option is... off the table.
Naomi : - What time do you have? - Five to one.
Addison : You people are obsessed with time.
Violet : Here he comes.
Naomi : Hi, Dell.
Violet : - Have a nice... surf. - I'll see you guys after lunch?
Addison : You two should be ashamed of yourselves.
Naomi : Admit it. You feel better.
Violet : And if not, there's another showing in an hour.
Violet : And it's wet.
UNK: Jane Doe : My brain is bleeding? How could my brain have been bleeding since the accident?
UNK: Could be trauma, could be from one of your surgeries.
UNK: I've been in this hospital long enough to know
UNK: Jane Doe : when there's something one of you isn't saying.
Derek : Because of the location of the bleed, you need to be awake during surgery.
Derek : You'll be sedated, alert, but it could be a really dangerous process.
Derek : - A lot about the brain we don't know. - So...
UNK: Jane Doe : ...I could potentially get my memory back?
Derek : It's possible. Amnesia can be a symptom, but it's a long shot.
UNK: I'll do some mapping, see if anything happens.
UNK: But it could get my memory back?
UNK: You're back. What happened?
Bailey : She's got a fever and I think I hear a small murmur.
Thatcher : - A heart murmur? - Don't be dramatic.
Susan : - At least it's not the hiccups. - Could be complications from endoscopy.
Meredith : - Bacterial endocarditis? - You'll have to test
UNK: and if they're positive, you'll be admitted for antibiotics.
Meredith : - Which should knock it right out. - See? I told you. Don't be dramatic.
UNK: Hey! You're supposed to wait for me.
UNK: Jane Doe : I'm going crazy just sitting there.
Alex : Look. I'd be freaked out too if somebody was about to open up my head.