Alex : - That's something, right? - Alex.
UNK: Izzie annoyed : Didn't I see your service on the OR board for a biopsy right about now?
UNK: Bailey distracted mutters : Yeah.
Izzie : - It's not the kid thing. - OK, what?
Savvy : It's not like I have a lot of options.
Savvy : One, take my chances and never get cancer.
Savvy : - Two, take my chances and die young. - There's a third option.
Savvy : OK, I'm listening.
Izzie : Take your chances, get cancer, and fight like hell to survive.
UNK: Uh... They're both really nice.
Cristina : I know. I bought them. But which one is right?
Bailey : For what? You're going to look hot in either one.
Cristina : Well, clearly. That's not the point.
Meredith : You look hot.
UNK: Yeah. Burke and I are going to talk about how hot I am over dinner.
Cristina : - This date is such a mistake. - It's easy to get nervous on dates.
George : It's especially hard if you're out of practice.
UNK: - So, you just got to be mellow... - I know how to date. I'm not you.
UNK: I have her scheduled for the mastectomy,
UNK: and I stay while Plastics does a TRAM flap reconstruction.
Izzie : - I couldn't do it. - Do what?
Alex : Make yourself all hot and sexy for your boyfriend like Yang?
Cristina : Go wrestle something.
Izzie : Cut off my ovaries and breasts just 'cause I might have cancer.
Cristina : Think of it like a hand.
UNK: If you knew you'd die if you didn't chop off your hand, you'd do it.
Izzie : Except when you chop off a hand, you don't kill your sex drive,
UNK: have silicone breasts, get hot flashes, and lose your ability to bear children.
UNK: I wouldn't have the test. What's the point?
UNK: We're all going to die anyway, right?
UNK: It's the Hello Kitty Band-Aid on my head. It's freaking me out.
Alex : I say slice 'em and dice 'em. They're body parts.
UNK: - So you'd cut off your penis? - If it kept me from dying.
UNK: Besides, I've got plenty to spare.
UNK: Cristina looks all ready to go : I can do hot in my sleep.
UNK: Cristina looks all ready to go : I look hot in scrubs. I'm a hot person.
UNK: - He's seen me naked 1,000 times. - Bad, bad images in my head.
Meredith : But he's never seen you outside the hospital.
Burke : Thank you.
Burke : You look lovely.
Cristina : Thanks.
UNK: Bailey distracted mutters : Oh.
Cristina : Very polite. Thank you.
Bailey : OK, Grey. Adhesions are down. What next?
UNK: Put in graspers to lift the gallbladder so we can dissect it out.