UNK: Weiss will show up, Addy, he always does.
UNK: Sav, as your doctor you know I'm 100%% on your side.
UNK: But as your friend, are you absolutely sure about this?
UNK: Savvy sighs : I know what I'm losing.
UNK: Savvy sighs : I get it.
UNK: Savvy sighs : But think about what I'm gaining.
George : My life.
UNK: Savvy sighs : This gives me a shot.
UNK: Savvy sighs : A shot at the future. A shot at me and Weiss
UNK: Savvy sighs : becoming this crazy old wrinkled couple that argues all the time.
UNK: Savvy sighs : I mean, wouldn't you want that?
UNK: Savvy sighs : A chance to grow old with Derek?
UNK: Bailey distracted mutters : Yeah.
UNK: Addison teary : Yeah, I do.
Savvy : - Oh, God. - Oh, Sav.
UNK: Maybe Romeo and Juliet were fated to be together,
UNK: but just for a while.
UNK: And then their time passed.
UNK: If they could have known that beforehand,
UNK: maybe it all would have been OK.
Alex : Here's the thing. I like your rack.
UNK: Izzie interrupts standing up angry : What is wrong with you? Why do you have to be so... What is wrong with you?
UNK: I like your rack. I'd want them around if I could have them. Trust me, I would.
Alex : But it wouldn't be the end of the world if you got rid of them.
UNK: Because really, I'd want you.
UNK: Ow! What was that for?
UNK: I told Mrs. Snyder that when I was grown up,
UNK: I'd take my fate into my own hands.
UNK: I wouldn't let some guy drag me down.
UNK: Mrs. Snyder said I'd be lucky if I ever had that kind of passion with someone.
UNK: And that if I did, we'd be together forever.
Burke : We never really got our date.
Cristina : Are you kidding? That was the best date I've ever been on.
UNK: Even now, I believe that for the most part, love is about choices.
Savvy : He's not coming, is he?
Weiss : You're shaking.
UNK: Savvy trying not to cry, happy : You're here.
UNK: It's about putting down the poison and dagger
UNK: and making your own happy ending, most of the time.
UNK: I'm going to get started now. Are you ready?
UNK: Bailey distracted mutters : Yeah.
Weiss : Ready.
UNK: And that sometimes, despite all your best choices
UNK: and all your best intensions, fate wins anyway.
UNK: Meredith softly : I miss you.
Weiss : I can't.