Bailey : - You'll need to notify the family. - What happened?
Bailey : There'll be an autopsy. Sometimes people get on the table and they just die.
Bailey : There's no way of knowing beforehand, or of controlling it.
UNK: But he fell five stories and lived. It doesn't make any sense.
UNK: George excited : He survived, so I could go and find Daisy
George : and then she didn't even want to see him. So what's the point?
Bailey : We're all part of the cosmic joke, O'Malley. Now leave me alone.
Meredith : - Oh, Dr. Bailey... - What?
Meredith : Mr. Sorrento doesn't want me to tell his wife that she's dying.
UNK: Bailey yells : - You haven't told her yet? - No.
Bailey : OK, I didn't hear you say that. You're her doctor.
Bailey : It's your responsibility to give patients the information necessary
Bailey : to make an informed decision. Now, I'm hungry. I'm tired. You're in my way.
UNK: - Can you see the echo? - A dissection isn't subtle.
UNK: Did you see that wing span? And the pectus carinatum?
Cristina : - What about his palate? - The definition of high arched.
Richard : - You're being wooed, aren't you? - Excuse me?
Richard : The fellowship. LA Med, Chicago Central, they're wooing you.
UNK: You're fielding offers, looking at bonuses, letting yourself be wooed.
UNK: Bailey looking a little shocked : - No, Chief... - No, it's fine, it's fine.
UNK: Richard interrupts : Go be a hotshot somewhere else. But tell me...
Richard : how could you do this to me?
UNK: You know, I'm hurt.
Richard : Really hurt.
Richard : After all I've done for you.
Richard : You're gifted, and you're ungrateful. And that's all I'm saying.
UNK: Bailey annoyed : I'm pregnant, you blind moron.
UNK: Richard shocked and looking sheepish : You're what?
Bailey : My heart rate is 110. I'm burning 3,000 calories a day.
Bailey : My legs are swollen. I've got indigestion and gas.
Bailey : Did you know that carrying a boy in your uterus means you burn 10%% more calories
Bailey : than if you had a girl? Guess what I'm carrying.
UNK: I try for seven damn years, and a month before my fellowship notifications,
Bailey : the stick turns blue. Men.
Bailey : From the very beginning they just suck the life right out of you.
Bailey : I'm not leaving. I'm pregnant.
MVO : Um...
Richard : Congratulations.
UNK: Dr. Yang, you're handling the saw.
Cristina : Thank you, Dr. Burke.
Cristina : You won't let me pick the wine, but this you'll let me do?
UNK: Burke he chuckles : - Are we all set for bypass? - Almost there.
Derek : So, apparently we both live in this elevator.