UNK: All we have to do now is wait and see how he's doing when he wakes up.
Talia : - Why did this happen? - Almost every patient with Marfan's
Burke : has an aorta that fails. It's just a matter of when.
UNK: I guess it's lucky you two were having dinner at the next table.
Savvy : It was.
Burke : Take care.
Meredith : And we can treat it with surgery and chemo, but...
Esme : We're supposed to go to Venice at the end of the month.
Esme : - Do you know the story? - No.
Esme : They say if you ride a gondola under the Bridge of Sighs,
Esme : you're together for eternity.
Esme : - You didn't tell Jed, did you? - Excuse me?
Esme : He's always been so worried that I'd go first.
Meredith : You don't want him to know?
Esme : You're young. I don't expect you to understand an old broad like me.
Meredith : You can't have a relationship built on a lie. Can you?
Esme : Honey, it's not a lie.
Esme : It's our future.
Esme : I've been with the love of my life for 60 years, and now I'm dying.
Esme : We're going to Venice.
Esme : We're getting in that gondola.
UNK: When Addy told me she was coming here, I had such a good feeling.
UNK: You guys are going to make it. You were always meant to be.
UNK: A couple of clams on the half shell. Couple of peas in the pod.
UNK: - We're working on the pod part. - It's about choices.
UNK: Well, here's to taking life in your own hands.
UNK: Cheers. Cheers.
UNK: Weiss upset : Yeah. And here's to bull. And here's to crap.
UNK: Weiss upset : And here's to oophorectomy,
Derek : hysterectomy, double bilateral mastectomy.
Savvy : Please. Stop.
UNK: - How smart am I to know those words? - Stop.
Weiss : Here's to breast reconstruction, nipple reconstruction.
Weiss : Here's to losing your wife.
Weiss : Here's to being the ass who can't be supportive.
Weiss : Here's to that.
Derek : Weiss?
Weiss : Don't talk to me. Keep walking.
Derek : You should get some sleep, sober up so you're ready for Savvy's surgery.
Derek : Come on, I'll drive you.
UNK: Bailey distracted mutters : Oh.
Weiss : I'm supposed to hold her hand while they rip her apart?
Weiss : That's the definition of love?
Derek : - You can do this. - Maybe I can't.
UNK: - Maybe I just like to screw my wife. - Weiss.
Weiss : And that's what she'll think if I'm not there.
UNK: You're going to be there.
UNK: This from a guy who packed his bags in the middle of the night
UNK: Weiss chuckles : and drove 3,000 miles to live in a trailer.
Derek : Yeah, well, what am I doing with Addison now?
UNK: Hm? I'm trying to work it out.
UNK: I don't know, am I out of my mind? I don't know, you tell me.
Derek : It's about the ring.
Derek : It's about the vows.
Derek : Savvy didn't screw around with you with your best friend.
Derek : She's looking for support.
Derek : If you don't give that to her now, if you don't give her that support,
Derek : then what the hell am I doing?
Jed : You didn't tell her, did you?
Meredith : No. I didn't tell her.
George : - I thought he cheated fate. - Maybe he did cheat fate.
George : He died.
Meredith : I think you can't wait for someone to fly underneath you and save your life.
Meredith : I think you have to save yourself.
George : You mean the pigeons aren't going to come?
George : The pigeons aren't going to come.
Meredith : Hold still.
UNK: Come on, make sure you get both sides.
UNK: You know these are going to be next year's holiday cards.
UNK: Savvy smiling : I want them to be immortalized before they're gone.
UNK: Savvy smiling : And this way, Weiss gets to look at them whenever he wants.
UNK: These are going to be great.
UNK: - We're scheduled to go in at eight? - Yeah.
UNK: I'm taking you down to the pre-op in just a few minutes.