Bailey : Window washer, fell from fifth-floor scaffolding.
UNK: Obvious open tiblfib fracture, but otherwise OK.
UNK: After a five-story fall he's got equal breath sounds.
UNK: George amazed : This is unbelievable! Do you want to hear?
UNK: Somehow I believe you. Yang, get in there and palpate his abdomen.
Cristina : - Does this hurt anywhere? - No.
UNK: You fell from the sky. Five stories. You only injured your leg.
UNK: Cristina disapproving : - George. - No. Don't "George" me.
UNK: A few seconds earlier, he'd have landed on me.
Cristina : OK, rolling on three, please. One, two, three.
Cristina : - Are these feathers? - My life was saved by that pigeon.
Bailey : Let's get some X-rays.
Bailey : And after that you might want to get in there and look for the rest of Tweety.
Burke : Thank you.
Jed : Esme wanted to wait until tomorrow to see her doctor.
Jed : But she hasn't been able to keep anything down since yesterday.
Jed : So I brought her in.
Meredith : Mrs. Sorrento, you have acute cholecystitis.
UNK: Which means that your gallbladder may have to come out.
UNK: She has gallstones?
UNK: Esme smiling : He watches cable. He thinks he's a doctor.
UNK: Meredith smiles : I'm giving you antibiotics and IV fluids to cool the gallbladder down.
UNK: Then I'm going to call Dr. Bailey
UNK: Meredith smiles : and I'm going to see if surgery is the best way for us to go.
UNK: Meredith smiles : - Do you have any questions? - What happened to your forehead?
MVO : Nothing.
UNK: I've told you. I don't need an appointment.
UNK: I am not a patient. I am a friend from New York.
Derek : Weiss?
UNK: Derek! I've been looking for you!
UNK: Sav, why didn't you tell me you were coming?
Addison : If I knew you were coming I would have taken a day off.
UNK: - It was kind of last minute. - Are you all right?
Weiss : A month ago, her mother died. Ovarian cancer.
UNK: Catherine died?
Derek : I'm sorry.
UNK: And Savvy, she's... I mean, you know how close they were.
UNK: I mean, all she can think about is this breast and ovarian cancer gene.
Derek : BRACA.
Addison : A positive test result isn't the end of the world, Sav.
UNK: It just means you have a gene mutation that could...
UNK: Savvy interrupts softly : I know what it is.
UNK: Savvy interrupts softly : I've talked to the genetic counselor. I've been to my gynecologist.
UNK: Savvy interrupts softly : And now I'm here.
UNK: Addy, you're the best surgeon there is.
MVO : True.
UNK: Addison smiles : - But this isn't surgical. - Yes, it is.
Addison : No. Sav, you understand you don't have cancer?
Savvy : And I have no intention of getting it.
UNK: Addison shakes her head slightly : So you want me...
Savvy : I want you to take out my ovaries and the uterus,
Savvy : and when that's done,
UNK: you're going to find me the best person out there to cut off my breasts.
Stu : - Beak? - Claw.
Cristina : We need to widen this incision to take a better look.
George : - Does your leg hurt a lot? - I'm fine, man. Just do your thing.
George : Is there anyone you'd like me to call?
UNK: Stu sighs : What for?
UNK: You fell five stories and lived to tell about it.