UNK: -Hi. -Charlie will be joining my department.
UNK: -You're a paleontologist too? -Yeah.
UNK: Oh, okay. Now, what do you think...
UNK: ...of Renyard's new theory of species variegation in segmented arthropods?
UNK: Well, l think he's a little out there, but he does have some interesting ideas.
UNK: Oh, l'm sorry. l have to take this. Excuse me.
UNK: Renyard's theory of species variegation?
UNK: l saw the article on your coffee table. l memorized the title to freak you out.
Monica : So did you two have fun?
Ross : Oh, my God. She's great.
Ross : We have so much in common, and she's just cool, you know? And funny.
UNK: And l don't know if you've noticed, but she's a hottie!
UNK: Hi!
Rachel : Hi, you guys. Listen, you know what, l'm not feeling really well...
UNK: ...and l don't think l'm gonna get to go to the play.
UNK: Really? What's wrong?
UNK: l don't know. l think it's kind of serious.
UNK: You know, l was watching this thing on TV this morning...
Rachel : ...about Newcastle disease, and l think l might have it.
Charlie : Newcastle disease is a secretion-borne virus...
Charlie : ...that only affects chickens and other poultry.
UNK: Okay, who's this?
UNK: l'm sorry. Rachel, this is Charlie Wheeler. She's a colleague.
UNK: Hi. Well, l would shake your hand...
UNK: ...but l'm sure you don't want to get my chicken disease.
UNK: -Rachel, can l see you for a second? -Sure.
Monica : You're not sick.
UNK: What? Yes, l am!
UNK: Okay, then why are you all dressed up?
Rachel : When you're sick, you do whatever you can to make yourself feel better.
UNK: You just want to stay home so you can make a move on Joey.
UNK: No, l heard you before. That is so not what this is.
UNK: Okay, then what is this?
UNK: Okay.
Rachel : Joey is having a secret Days of Our Lives party up on the roof.
Rachel : And he sent you guys to the play to get rid of you.
UNK: What?!
UNK: What? What's going on?
Rachel : Joey is having a secret Days of Our Lives party up on the roof!
UNK: He didn't want you to know about it, but l came over here to tell you.
Charlie : -You came to say you were sick. -All right, professor or detective?
UNK: Wait, Joey's having a party, and he wasn't gonna invite us?
Rachel : He does it every year. That's why he's sending you to the play.
Rachel : That's why he sent us to that medieval restaurant and to that button factory.
Phoebe : And that horrible museum tour?
UNK: No, l arranged that.
UNK: Hey, you guys, l'm turning in. Have fun.
Phoebe : We know about your party, Joey.
Joey : -What party? -The game's over. Take off your robe.
UNK: Okay, l mean....