UNK: Sick.
House : No, I'm just going through a bit of withdrawal.
House : I'm trying to survive on one a day for the next few days.
UNK: No.
Asofa : Fix him.
House : It's not lupus. He broke his arm.
Adams : Or it is lupus, and he was in a fight.
House : He was in a jostle.
UNK: Because if he admits he was in a fight, then he goes to the hole.
House : That's why he'd lie to the guards. He's got no reason to lie to me.
UNK: Oh.
House : See'? There are those eyes again.
House : How about a viral syndrome or MRSA?
UNK: No, wouldn't chew up the bone that fast.
House : But reaction to meds could.
House : - May I? - May you what?
Adams : Make me lose my job by showing you a patient file'?
Adams : But why don't you assume no recent meds?
House : How long can I assume that he's been smoking,
House : based on his yellow fingers?
Adams : You're thinking lung cancer, metastatic.
Adams : I'll x-ray him on Friday.
Adams : We share a traveling x-ray machine with two other clinics.
House : I'm out of here on Friday. He's not.
UNK: Well, but if he throws a clot and strokes out,
House : you can use the x-ray to do the autopsy.
House : Start him on blood thinners.
Adams : Very interesting practice you must have run.
Adams : No need for tests, no need for proof?
Adams : Where are you going? To the proof store.
Nick : You were right about Nicole.
House : About me not caring? I thought so.
Nick : It wasn't her mom. It's her.
UNK: She doesn't want to talk to me.
UNK: Please. I'm trying to listen to your lungs, not your self-pity.
House : Cancer can wait.
UNK: Hey, you heading out to the yard? Mmm-hmm.
House : Mind trying to find me a cricket?
UNK: The old swap trick.
Frankie : You don't think that'll piss off your cellie even more
Frankie : when he figures it's a different bug?
UNK: I'll dress them the same, like in Vertigo.
House : Good point.
UNK: He?'
House : How's it coming?
Stomper : It ain't.
Porter : Confederates be giving themselves spanking new tats.
Porter : They putting a claim on all my Vicodin.
Porter : Now I love you and all, my brother,
Porter : but not as much as I love my gang of crazy, roided out Nazi bitches.
House : Now try an inch to the left.
House : Hear the difference? Yeah.
House : It's called an acoustical shadow.
House : Means he's got a tumor.
Adams : How did you find that without a stethoscope?
Adams : I didn't even know you could do this.
House : Start the blood thinners.
Nick : So I for sure got lung cancer?
Adams : All you've proven is there's an anomaly in his chest.
House : Which means your initial diagnosis could still be right?
Adams : Which, apparently, really bugs you.
Adams : I could do a clotting test.
House : That's a good idea.
Adams : We're just gonna cut your earlobe a bit and check back in two minutes.
Adams : If there's a little blood bubbling up, that's normal.
Adams : But if it's completely clotted, it may indicate cancer.
Adams : Okay? Ready?