House : Your life outside is over.
House : Your friends, your girl, everyone you worked with,
House : they've moved on.
Rollo : Get out of my house.
Frankie : Get out!
House : Where's Sykes? Off at his other clinics.
House : Great. I'm gonna go to the laundry.
House : Give me some swabs... No.
House : What? He yelled at you for letting me see the file.
House : You'll get over it. Few years of therapy maybe...
Adams : Why did you lie to me about what you were in for?
House : Okay, so I drove a car into a wall instead of stealing some pills.
House : You obviously don't care what I did, you care that I lied to you.
House : You feel jilted. I feel stupid.
Adams : It doesn't even make sense. Why are you doing time'?
Adams : You didn't have any priors. You didn't hurt anyone.
House : I had a bad lawyer.
Adams : I'm sorry.
Adams : We can't talk about this case any more.
Mendelson : We hear you're gonna need an incentive to get all my pills by tomorrow.
House : I can't get all 20, but once I get out...
Mendelson : Give us a minute.
Mendelson : Why do you think I'm on buspirone?
Mendelson : I get the runs almost every day.
Mendelson : Any sign of weakness, 20 guys would line up
Mendelson : to stick a sharpened-up toothbrush in my eye.
Mendelson : So as much as my better nature, really, wants to give you a pass,
Mendelson : it just wouldn't be good for my health.
Mendelson : See you tomorrow.
House : I need your help.
UNK: You got any matches?
Frankie : No. That's serious contraband.
Frankie : What are you planning to do?
UNK: How about a stick of gum?
UNK: Sure.
House : I'm gonna need that, too.
UNK: Why?
House : Why do I need the pen
House : that you always carry around and never write with?
UNK: This is plan B.
Adams : What happened to your cheek?
House : What is it?
UNK: A fire?
Adams : House, we gotta evacuate this area. Come on.
Mendelson : Hey, House.
Nick : You were saying something about how I should, like, swab or...
House : You're confusing me with the clinic again.
Nick : What, you're abandoning me?
House : As soon as you leave, I am.