Adams : Are you really leaving medicine?
Adams : What are you gonna do?
Adams : You know, for someone who asks as many favors as you do,
Adams : you sure don't make any effort to win me over.
House : Before I went to med school, I thought about getting a PhD in physics.
House : You ever heard of dark matter?
House : The way galaxies rotate, the motion of the universe,
House : it means there's six times more stuff than we can detect.
House : It's been theorized, but no one's ever proved it exists.
UNK: So you'd want to research it?
UNK: Why? It's the greatest mystery there is.
House : Theory of everything.
Adams : And completely divorced from humanity.
House : Me and humanity, we got together too young.
Adams : You have a gift.
Adams : There is something in this world you are undeniably great at.
Adams : You can read people. You understand them.
Adams : You gotta go back to medicine.
House : Well, if that gift is related to what brought me here,
UNK: you'll understand why I'd wanna check the returns policy.
Nic : Hey! Is this supposed to happen?
UNK: Cool.
House : Jiminy didn't chirp much last night.
House : If it's a disease, he's six inches under.
House : But this could also be pesticide poisoning,
House : which bicarbonate of soda has been used to treat.
House : See'? Just so much, and no more.
House : This is where you say thank you.
House : Or I say thank you for not killing me.
House : Thank you.
UNK: He?'
Adams : The x-ray didn't show any tumors. The acoustical shadow was just a lipoma.
Adams : I'm thinking... You all right?
House : I'm fine.
UNK: Ibuprofen?
House : It's not gonna help.
Adams : You can look at the patient file if you want.
House : You trust me?
Adams : Any reason I shouldn't?
UNK: You're really not good at reading people, are you? Or buildings.
Adams : People are complicated.
Adams : And people change.
House : Not that much to the first and not at all to the second.
House : But if it'll get me the file...
UNK: If we add clotting disorder to the symptoms, it's gotta be a toxin...
House : This guy's the only one with symptoms.
House : It's either gotta be his cell or his workstation.
UNK: The laundry. So maybe a solvent or detergent?
House : Can you get me an escort to gather samples?
Sykes : Dr. Adams.
Sykes : Why does this man have a file?
House : You need to get cotton swabs.
Nick : Not now. I got something to do.
House : You're a prisoner on tier time.
House : By definition, you have nothing to do.
UNK: I'm gonna call her family her friends, her work.
Nick : I'm gonna get through eventually.
House : You're moving slower, you're getting weaker.
UNK: This thing is attacking your bones, your joints, your blood.
Nick : Look' my girl's more important.
House : She's not your girl, you idiot!
House : She was the girlfriend of a loser drug dealer.
UNK: You think she's got the self-control to wait around for three years?
House : You think she should?
House : There's a reason we're locked away from nice, normal people.