UNK: but if I did, them putting a cadaver in my oven,
UNK: that's them retaliating back.
Beckett : Mr. Carbone, that's not a cadaver.
UNK: What do you mean? It's... They probably...
UNK: They got this from some medical school.
UNK: No. This isn't a prank. This is murder.
Esposito : We got through to all their employees.
UNK: Everybody's accounted for.
Beckett : Lanie, what are the chances of getting an ID?
UNK: Not hopeful on fingerprints.
Lanie : We may have to wait for a missing persons report and dental records.
UNK: We also started a canvass to see if anybody saw anything last night.
Beckett : All right, let's get statements off all the employees,
Beckett : especially the ones with keys.
Beckett : I'd like to know what they were doing last night.
Castle : Shouldn't we look into the other Nicks, too?
Esposito : Come on, bro, you don't really think
Esposito : this is about some kind of pizza rivalry, do you?
Castle : Competition to be the best in New York? Clear animosity?
UNK: Carbone said he'd broken in before.
Castle : If we are looking into everyone with access,
Castle : we should look into them as well.
Ryan : He's right, you know. Pizza's serious business in this town.
Beckett : All right. Great. You talk to them.
UNK: Wait. Me? No. Why... Come on.
Castle : You have to admit, a pizza oven? Very clever way to get rid of a body.
Castle : I had my psychotic paralegal kill her abusive boss
Castle : and put him in a pottery kiln.
Castle : He was reduced to ashes in a matter of hours.
UNK: Of course, you already know this, don't you?
UNK: That's probably what our killer planned on doing until Nick Jr. showed up.
UNK: Did I hear right? You found a body in the oven at Terrific Nick's?
Castle : Authentic Nick's.
Mongtomery : Authentic Nick's? Oh, thank God. The wife loves Terrific Nick's.
UNK: I didn't have the heart to tell her now it came in full-bodied flavor.
Castle : Ooh! I liked it. I liked it.
Ryan : Hey. So we ran through all of Authentic Nick's employees.
UNK: They alibied out, but I did find a bunch of stuff on the other Nicks.
Beckett : - Criminal complaints? - Yeah.
Ryan : Dozens of them, filed back and forth between all the Nicks over the years.
Ryan : Bricks through front windows, slashed delivery car tires,
Ryan : flaming bags of poo.
Beckett : - Thank you. - Yep.
Castle : What? That's it?
Ryan : Flaming bags of poo? Soap in secret sauces?
Beckett : Come on, Castle, what do you think?
Beckett : These guys suddenly graduated from frat pranks to murder?
UNK: Beckett.
Lanie : As expected, the body was too badly burned to get any prints.
UNK: But I did find this. You see here where the shinbone should be?
Lanie : Those are titanium plates.
Castle : So killer cyborg sent from the future.
UNK: Resistance fighters intercept its coordinates,
UNK: redirect him into a pizza oven, saving humanity.
Lanie : The plates had serial numbers.
Lanie : I ran them through the surgical database and got an ID.
Beckett : Gordon Burns.
Beckett : Gordon Burns?
Lanie : Yes, Castle. Burns. Go ahead, make your joke.
Lanie : Get it out of your system.
Beckett : - You know him? - Well, not personally.
Castle : He was a reporter. I used to love his work.
UNK: Did you find anything else on the body?
Lanie : A melted cell phone belt clip, but there was no cell phone.
UNK: Yeah, it wasn't at the crime scene, either.
Lanie : And that's his wallet.
UNK: Some credit cards, driver's license. That's all melted.
Beckett : Girlfriend? Wife?
Lanie : Burns is listed as divorced, no next of kin.
Castle : He was a war correspondent, an investigative reporter.
Castle : What was he doing in a pizza oven?