Castle : Where's Beckett?
UNK: Monica Wyatt : Hall of Records,
Ryan : tracking down what Burns was looking for.
UNK: Great.
UNK: Listen,
Castle : if I gave you a website,
Castle : could you have your friends at Tech hack into it
Castle : and take some pictures down?
Ryan : Did someone find naked pictures of you again?
UNK: No. It's not me. It's Alexis.
UNK: It's for Alexis.
Ryan : This just got awkward. What's this about?
UNK: Okay.
Castle : Mean girl at school kiss-ambushed Alexis' boyfriend
UNK: and then posted the photographic proof on her website.
UNK: - Alexis very upset. - Hmm.
UNK: I think I could have my friend Tony
UNK: take care of it, you know, off the record.
UNK: Ralph Carbone : - Thanks. - Hmm.
UNK: And,
Castle : no need to mention this to Beckett.
Castle : You know how she gets with these things.
Beckett : Things like abusing police resources for your own personal agenda?
UNK: What?
UNK: That's... No, you don't... No, that's...
UNK: That's...
UNK: So, what'd you find? Anything on Nick's?
Beckett : Not exactly.
Beckett : Burns requested files relating to the 2003 murder
UNK: of a drug trafficker named Harley Romero, aka Harley Playful,
Beckett : also known as Handsome Harley.
Beckett : Judging from those photos I'm guessing it was ironic.
UNK: What's a guy who's been dead for eight years have to do with pizza?
UNK: - Hmm. Hey, Ryan? - Yep.
UNK: Did you get a chance to get a look into all the Nicks and their employees?
UNK: Oh, yeah. Just going over the reports right now. Mostly minor stuff.
Beckett : Any drug charges?
UNK: No. Nothing about drugs.
UNK: Romero.
UNK: You think maybe it's some kind of Mafia tie-in with Authentic Nick's?
UNK: According to the file, there's no connection to any of the families.
Castle : Someone didn't like him. Says here he was shot a dozen times,
Castle : dumped in an oil drum and set on fire.
UNK: Yeah, word on the street was that a dealer killed him over a turf war.
Castle : So why was Burns looking at him?
UNK: Yo.
UNK: Bank just sent over surveillance footage.
UNK: You guys gotta see this.
Martha : Looks like he's running from something.
Beckett : He's running from something all right. Watch this.
Castle : He knows he's on camera.
Beckett : He's trying to tell us something.
UNK: He's writing it.
UNK: Ralph Carbone : - Whoa! - Okay, take it back.
UNK: And freeze there.
Beckett : He's got a knife.
UNK: He was trying to send us a message, but he recorded his own murder.
Beckett : Close up on the face.
Beckett : Castle, look at that face.
Castle : That's Harley Romero.
Beckett : And he is very much alive.
Montgomery : Why would he stop to write a message? Why not just keep running?
Castle : Well, that street empties onto a blind alley.
Castle : Maybe Burns thought he couldn't get away.
Montgomery : Any idea what he was writing there?
Beckett : We're seeing if Tech can enhance the image.
Beckett : But we found no connection between this Harley and the pizza joints.
Montgomery : Maybe pizza has nothing to do with it.
Montgomery : Maybe Burns knew Harley from an old story.