UNK: Right!
UNK: Uh...
Beckett : And why would these two names be important?
UNK: Charles Shaw : This guy Harley, what kind of drugs was he dealing?
UNK: Heroin. Why?
UNK: Because the only heroin story Burns ever chased
UNK: Charles Shaw : was the one that he could never finish.
UNK: About a high-end distribution ring in New York
UNK: that sets up shop inside legitimate businesses.
UNK: Charles Shaw : When someone needed product, they use a code word.
UNK: Their code happens to be names of characters from film noir.
UNK: Charles Shaw : It's that story that destroyed him.
UNK: Why?
UNK: Charles Shaw : Because of the guy who was behind the ring.
UNK: Charles Shaw : It was Cavallo.
UNK: Gordon Burns was gunning for the Prince of Darkness himself.
Castle : Who's Cavallo?
Beckett : It's a street myth.
Beckett : An urban legend.
UNK: Anytime a dealer gets whacked, people always say it's Cavallo.
Beckett : But he's not even real.
UNK: Cavallo's real.
UNK: Come on, Shaw. We've all heard the scary story.
UNK: Well, I didn't.
Beckett : So the story goes that
Beckett : Cavallo was mentored by this badass Colombian drug lord,
UNK: Khazi The Conqueror.
Beckett : And eventually, he put a bullet to his boss' head,
Beckett : slit all of his kids' throats and took over the operation.
UNK: Walt Shaw : But I mean,
UNK: it's a fairytale.
UNK: Charles Shaw : Not to Burns.
UNK: Charles Shaw : Not to his daughter.
UNK: Charles Shaw : Burns told me he had a contact that was getting him close to Cavallo.
UNK: Charles Shaw : The next day, he and his daughter are crossing the street,
UNK: Charles Shaw : this car appears out of nowhere.
UNK: Charles Shaw : When he came to, his leg was shattered.
UNK: Nina was 20 feet away, bleeding out,
UNK: and he couldn't even crawl over to hold her.
UNK: Charles Shaw : So don't you tell me Cavallo isn't real.
UNK: It sounds like Burns was Ahab and Cavallo his white whale.
UNK: Well, he did sign in to the hotel as Melville.
Castle : You know, it's that kind of sly humor that Burns was known for.
Castle : And while I am loathe to profile,
Castle : the name Cavallo, also the Italian word for "horse,"
UNK: might suggest a link back to the four Nicks.
Beckett : Hey, Ryan.
Beckett : When you were in Narcotics,
Beckett : when was the first time you heard the name Cavallo?
UNK: I don't know. Probably around '03.
UNK: Around all the time all those dealers were getting whacked.
UNK: Well, that's right. When Harley was killed.
Castle : So, Harley stages his own death,
Castle : brutally murders his competition,
Castle : and then starts a whisper campaign on the streets
Castle : about the new Dark Prince of Heroin.
Beckett : And a legend is born.
UNK: Yo.
Esposito : Tech was able to blow up and enhance that ATM video.
Esposito : They're sending it up now.
UNK: God.
Beckett : - I still can't make it out. - Mmm-mmm.
Beckett : Run it again.
Castle : Can you flip it and slow it down?
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : What are you doing?
UNK: What I do best.
UNK: Writing.
UNK: Okay. Three,
UNK: six, "S."
UNK: It could be a five.
UNK: Okay, "S" or a five.
UNK: "W," one, two, seven?
Esposito : It's an address.
UNK: B-A-S...
UNK: Basement. 365 West 127th Street. In the basement.
Ryan : That's three blocks from the ATM.
Beckett : Police! Nobody move!
UNK: NYPD!
Esposito : Room's clear.
UNK: Somebody moved out in a hurry.
Esposito : Coffee grinders for cutting, envelopes for packaging.
UNK: All the earmarks of a well-organized heroin processing house.
Beckett : Get CSU in here. Sweep the area.
Beckett : If anyone saw anything I want to know.
Beckett : Looks like your Ahab found his white whale.
Castle : And it took him under.
Alexis : Hi, Dad. Bye, Dad.
Castle : What, no kiss?
Castle : Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Alexis, what happened to your face?
UNK: Nothing.
UNK: That's not nothing. What happened?
UNK: Lauren.
Alexis : She cornered me in the bathrooms at school.
UNK: Said I ruined her party.
Alexis : And then she accused me of hacking into her account
Alexis : and deleting those pictures she took. As if!
Castle : And then what happened?
Alexis : Well, I called her a backstabber. And then she scratched me. So I...
Beckett : You what?
Alexis : I punched her.
Castle : - What were you thinking? - I don't know.
Alexis : This isn't me. I don't crash parties, I don't get in fights with people.
Alexis : But, Dad, she made me so angry.
Castle : I know she did, but retaliation is not the answer.
Castle : You get her back, she gets you back,
Castle : and then one day one of you ends up dead in a pizza oven.
Castle : Is that what you want?
UNK: Look, the point is, you're gonna have to deal with mean,
Castle : backstabbing girls your whole life.
UNK: You need to learn to be smart enough to rise above.
UNK: Okay?
UNK: Okay.
Castle : Come here.
UNK: Did you kick her ass?
UNK: I kind of did.
Castle : Good girl.
Castle : I should have gotten involved much earlier.
UNK: Why? Lauren would've still found a way to make Alexis' life miserable.
UNK: Lauren isn't a criminal mastermind. She's just a teenager.
Becektt : Castle, never underestimate the power of a woman on a mission.
Castle : No, I don't. And I have the alimony checks to prove it.
UNK: Beckett, just hung up with the lab.
UNK: The trace heroin from the processing house?
UNK: It matches most of the dope being peddled on the Lower East.
Montgomery : Any word on this Harley?
UNK: Sir, if half of the rumors about this guy are true,
UNK: then he's got snitches all over the force,
UNK: so I was thinking on holding off on an APB until we knew more.
Montgomery : - Keep me posted. - Yes, sir.
Castle : You know, Shaw said
UNK: that Cavallo was using legitimate businesses to distribute product.
Castle : You think he could be operating out of one of the Nicks?
Beckett : Yeah, but I can't get a warrant for a fishing expedition.
UNK: I'm gonna have to have something more concrete.
Esposito : Yo, CSU swept the tenement basement top to bottom.
UNK: There's not one print anywhere.
Beckett : Any witnesses see Burns getting chased?
UNK: In that neighborhood, nobody sees nothing.
UNK: But one of our uniforms
UNK: did find this in a storm drain near the ATM.
Beckett : Burns' phone?
Castle : Does it strike anyone else as strange
Castle : that a seasoned war correspondent
Castle : would suddenly develop butter fingers?
Castle : Drop his phone while being chased?
UNK: You think he purposefully dropped it?
UNK: So that whoever chasing him wouldn't get his phone?
Beckett : Or what was on it.
Beckett : The last call he made was 911.
UNK: And he didn't press "send."
Castle : Outside the drug lab.
Castle : He was casing the joint.
Beckett : That's Monica.
Beckett : She's involved.
Beckett : Monica Wyatt, NYPD! Open up!
UNK: Monica!
UNK: Step back! NYPD!
UNK: Monica!
UNK: Monica Wyatt : He tried to kill me!
UNK: Window. Let's go.
Castle : Monica, who did this to you?
UNK: If I tell you that, I'm dead.
UNK: I think we're past that. Who did it?
UNK: Cavallo.
UNK: I wasn't lying before about Gordon.
UNK: Monica Wyatt : We did date years ago. And I thought it was real,
UNK: Monica Wyatt : but he was just doing it to get close to Cavallo.
UNK: Monica Wyatt : I never imagined that...
UNK: What's a Midtown real estate agent doing mixed up with heroin dealers?
UNK: Monica Wyatt : Their labs are mobile.
UNK: Monica Wyatt : They need new places for their processing centers every month or so,
UNK: Monica Wyatt : and I had access to all the information that they needed.
UNK: Look, this is not who I am.
UNK: Monica Wyatt : I mean, I never meant for...
Beckett : How did it start?
UNK: I had some problems a few years back.
UNK: Monica Wyatt : I owed some people money.
UNK: A man came to me and he told me that he could make it all better.
UNK: Monica Wyatt : I just had to do a favor for him every now and then.
UNK: Monica Wyatt : And, at the time, that actually sounded harmless.
UNK: Monica Wyatt : But this man knew things about me.
UNK: I mean, things that nobody could possibly know.
UNK: And I wanted to leave,
UNK: Monica Wyatt : but after what happened to Gordon's kid, I just...
UNK: Monica Wyatt : Gordon found me a couple days ago.
UNK: Monica Wyatt : He said he needed my help.