UNK: Monica Wyatt : He said that I could end this. And that we both could be free.
UNK: Monica Wyatt : All I had to do was take him there.
UNK: And now Gordon is dead,
UNK: Monica Wyatt : and I am next.
UNK: Cavallo? Who is he?
UNK: Monica Wyatt : I've never seen him.
Castle : Didn't he just try to kill you?
UNK: If I knew who Cavallo was, don't you think I would've told Gordon?
UNK: Monica Wyatt : I've only ever dealt with Cavallo's right-hand man before.
UNK: Monica Wyatt : That's who was here trying to kill me.
UNK: And who is his man?
UNK: Monica Wyatt : His name is Harley.
UNK: Him?
Castle : Harley is Cavallo.
UNK: So Cavallo's hiding right under everyone's noses.
Beckett : How do I find him?
UNK: Monica Wyatt : He finds me.
Beckett : Monica, Gordon was right. We can end this.
Beckett : But we need your help.
UNK: We believe that Cavallo is trafficking drugs through a pizzeria.
Beckett : But we need to know which one.
UNK: I'm sorry, I don't know which one.
UNK: Yo, we covered the whole area.
UNK: Whoever he was, he's in the wind.
Beckett : All right. Why don't you guys take Monica to the ER,
Beckett : get her checked, then get her over to Narcotics.
UNK: Let them talk to her.
Castle : One last question.
UNK: Johnny Farrell and Swede Andersen.
UNK: It's how Gordon got onto this story in the first place.
UNK: He heard somebody at one of the pizza joints using those names.
UNK: Monica Wyatt : And he knew it was Cavallo's code.
UNK: Monica Wyatt : Those were last week's names.
Beckett : Do you know this week's names?
UNK: Monica Wyatt : No, but Gordon said they were from his favorite film.
UNK: - You're a sneak! - What? I'm a what?
UNK: Nick Jr. : Yeah, you are.
UNK: I don't care if these guys could have recognized you.
Esposito : If we hold them much longer,
Castle : there's going to be another murder on our hands.
Beckett : We've got two Nicks down, two to go. Okay, call you in a bit.
UNK: I wonder if I should've used Sydney Greenstreet's character,
Castle : Kasper Gutman.
Castle : Now there's a guy who loved his pizza.
Beckett : Well, we already put our money down on Bogie,
Beckett : so let's just play this through.
UNK: Slice?
Castle : No, pick up actually for Spade.
Castle : Sam Spade.
UNK: Pizza Boy : Of course, Mr. Spade. We have your order right here.
UNK: Pizza Boy : Here you go, Mr. Spade.
UNK: We put it on your tab.
Beckett : Thank you.
Castle : Winner, winner, pizza dinner.
Beckett : Possession. Trafficking. Conspiracy to distribute.
Beckett : That right there is 30 years easy, Sal.
UNK: Thirty terrific, authentic years.
Castle : It's life if you are an accessory to Burns' murder.
UNK: No, I had nothing to do with that, I swear.
UNK: You swear? So what are you trying to tell me?
Beckett : Are you trying to tell me
Beckett : that Harley had the idea to put the body in your rival's oven?
Castle : You're a pizza man, Sal.
Montgomery : A body in an oven sounds more like your speed.
UNK: Sal Malavolta : No. No, no, no, no. It was him. It was all him.
Beckett : So what now, you're a victim?
UNK: Sal Malavolta : Look, my place was struggling.
UNK: He came to me. He said the man that he worked for could help.
UNK: Sal Malavolta : All I had to do was let him use my shop for a couple of months,
UNK: Sal Malavolta : and he would make
UNK: Sal Malavolta : my dream come true.
UNK: Your dream?
UNK: Yeah, he said, after it was over,
UNK: Sal Malvolta : the man he worked for would
UNK: Sal Malvolta : burn down Authentic Nick's.
UNK: Sal Malvolta : This ain't me.
UNK: Sal Malvolta : I never even smoked a joint.
UNK: It's all the other Nicks.
UNK: Sal Malvolta : The stuff they were doing. It was driving me crazy.
Beckett : How did Burns' body get in the oven?
UNK: Sal Malavolta : Harley called me that night.
UNK: Sal Malavolta : Said he needed to throw something in my oven overnight.
UNK: Sal Malavolta : Didn't say what it was.
Castle : Yeah, but you knew it wasn't a tray of lasagna.
UNK: And I said no way. No way.
UNK: Sal Malavolta : I never signed up for cremation services.
UNK: Sal Malavolta : I never dreamed
UNK: Sal Malavolta : what I turned away would end up in Ralph Carbone's oven.
Beckett : You want our help, Sal?