UNK: Well, maybe his editor knows.
UNK: Walt Shaw : We were friends.
UNK: Walt Shaw : When I became editor of the paper, he was my first hire.
Castle : The kinds of stories he wrote,
UNK: he must've stepped on his fair share of toes.
UNK: Walt Shaw : Not for years. He'd been out of the game for a while.
UNK: Why's that?
UNK: Walt Shaw : His kid was killed in an accident. She was 10.
UNK: Walt Shaw : After that, he finally gave in to his love affair with the bottle.
Beckett : We see that you still had him on the payroll.
UNK: Walt Shaw : He did the occasional human interest story for our lifestyle section.
UNK: A waste of his talent,
UNK: Walt Shaw : but it let him make rent, keep his insurance.
Beckett : Mr. Shaw, was he working on anything recently?
UNK: Walt Shaw : Just a puff piece I'd assigned him last week.
Castle : About what?
UNK: Walt Shaw : The pizza wars. You know, those Authentic Amazing Terrific guys
UNK: Walt Shaw : always fighting over which one's the best.
UNK: It wasn't Afghanistan, but Gordon was Gordon.
UNK: He called a few days ago and said it was much bigger than I thought.
Beckett : Bigger how?
UNK: Walt Shaw : He didn't say. But I mean, it's pizza wars.
UNK: Walt Shaw : How big could it be?
Castle : Big enough to kill for.
Beckett : Let's dig deeper into all of the Nicks,
Beckett : Terrific, Authentic, and otherwise.
Beckett : And let's also run background checks on all of their employees.
Beckett : You know, this guy survived Afghanistan,
UNK: the invasion of Iraq, even Tiananmen Square.
Castle : To be killed doing a puff piece on pizza?
Esposito : It's like being a cop, bro.
UNK: You survive a firefight with a dozen armed gangbangers
UNK: only to be hit by a car while writing a speeding ticket on the LIE.
UNK: Hey. Ran a trace on Burns' missing phone.
UNK: It's either out of battery or turned off.
UNK: All right. Run LUDs and financials.
UNK: I want to find out where he was and what he was doing last night.
UNK: All Right. Run Leds And Financials And Find Out Where He Was And What He Was Doing Last Night. Ryan : On it.
Castle : This has to be about something bigger than who has the best pizza.
UNK: Burns probably had notes and drafts of his story in his apartment.
UNK: If we can find them, we can figure out what he was up to last night.
Beckett : Let's go.
Esposito : Door's been kicked open.
Esposito : Room's clear.
UNK: This place is trashed.
UNK: I'm gonna check with the neighbors, see if anybody heard anything.
UNK: Okay.
Castle : These drawers have been emptied.
UNK: If there were files or notes, they're gone now.
Beckett : Well, whatever he was working on, someone didn't want us to find it.
UNK: You okay?
Castle : Yeah. No, yeah. Um.
Castle : I think I met her.
Castle : I went to a book signing of his, the one he did on the Sarajevo snipers.
Alexis : She was
Castle : coloring next to him while he was signing books.
UNK: He must've been a good writer for you to stand in line.
Castle : Yeah. He was.
UNK: Come on. Let's go get CSU.
UNK: Hey. I got something weird.
UNK: Burns' neighbor? She says she's been holding his mail for the last week.
Esposito : Apparently, Burns told her he was going out of the country for a while.
Esposito : Out of the country? We know he's been here.
UNK: That's the kind of lie that you tell people
UNK: when you don't want anyone looking for you.
Castle : And if he's been staying somewhere else
Castle : there's a chance we can still find his notes.
Beckett : Let me get a hold of his editor,
Beckett : find out where he might have been staying.
Esposito : How does a story about pizza send somebody into hiding?
Beckett : Or get them killed.
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: Hey, just got the CSU report back.
Ryan : The back doorknob of the pizza shop was wiped clean,
Ryan : but they did find Nick's prints all over the pizza oven.
Beckett : Well, that's to be expected. I mean, he worked there.
Ryan : These prints belong to his neighbor across the street.
Castle : Terrific Authentic Nick.
Beckett : So, Nick, or should I say Sal, know this guy?
UNK: Yeah, I know him.
UNK: Sal Malavolta : That's the reporter doing the story on us.
Beckett : And what did the two of you talk about?
UNK: Sal Malavolta : Who's the real Nick?
UNK: And I told him about my grampa Nick,
UNK: and how he was an "authentic" Ellis Island immigrant,
UNK: who was flipping his "terrific" dough on Mott Street the very day he arrived.
Castle : What else?
UNK: Sal Malvolta : That's it. Why?
UNK: Just doesn't seem like a good enough reason to kill.
UNK: Kill?
Beckett : We found your fingerprints, Sal. All over the oven.
UNK: Sal Malavolta : You found my prints?
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : So why don't we back up and you tell us why you killed Burns?
Castle : And this time, hold the extra cheese.
UNK: Sal Malavolta : I can explain.
UNK: Sal Malavolta : I was there.
UNK: Sal Malavolta : But I didn't kill nobody.
UNK: Sal Malavolta : Ralph thought I was soaping his sauce,
UNK: Sal Malavolta : so he broke into my place
UNK: and took all the breakers out of my electrical panel.
UNK: Sal Malavolta : Now, he's always bragging about his oven, so I thought I'd...
Castle : Put a body in it.
UNK: Sal Malavolta : No, steal it.
UNK: Sal Malavolta : I went over there a couple of nights ago
UNK: to see what I'd need to get it out.
Beckett : You're kidding me, right?
UNK: I was in O'Meary's on Staten Island last night.
UNK: Sal Malavolta : Till closing, okay? It was dart night. I took third place.
UNK: You want to look at somebody, look at Ralph.
Beckett : Why Ralph?
UNK: Sal Malavolta : What, you think he makes that money with his crappy pizza?
UNK: Sal Malavolta : He's connected. That's why I left.
UNK: All he cares about is laundering money for his wise guy pals.
Castle : You didn't happen to mention this to Burns, did you?
UNK: Sam Malavolta : As a matter of fact, I did.
UNK: Ralph Carbone : Money laundering? Whoa.
Beckett : We ran you through the federal database.
Beckett : We know about the FBI investigation in the '90s
UNK: and about your connection to the Spolano crime family.
UNK: Ralph Carbone : My connection?
UNK: He's my second cousin once removed.
UNK: I see him at Thanksgiving once every five years.
UNK: And the feds never found anything.
Beckett : The feds didn't, but maybe Burns did.
UNK: So what happened, Ralph?
UNK: Did he threaten to expose you?
UNK: You make him disappear,
UNK: until your kid showed up before that oven you're so proud of
UNK: could finish its job?
UNK: I make my money with my pizza.
UNK: You want to look at my books, go ahead.
UNK: You're gonna find exactly the same thing the feds found.
UNK: Nada! Zip! Zilch!
UNK: Sal put yous two up to this, right?
UNK: Sal's the one who brought the feds in in the first place,
UNK: trying to shut me down.
UNK: You should be looking at him.
Beckett : Sal had an alibi for last night.
Beckett : What about you, Mr. Carbone?
UNK: Ralph Carbone : I'm at home in bed. You could ask my wife.
UNK: Ralph Carbone : And that reporter, all he asked me about was pizza.
Castle : That guy is guilty of something.
Becektt : Not until we have proof.
Beckett : Hey, Ryan, any luck on where our victim was last night?
UNK: We're still waiting for info from his bank.
Ryan : But I got his LUDs.
Ryan : Nothing last night
Ryan : and only a few calls to his editor in the previous days.
Castle : A reporter chasing down a story? No, there should be dozens of calls.
Beckett : Well, maybe he was making them from wherever he was staying.
UNK: Any leads on the girl in the photo?
Ryan : No, but I got in touch with Burns' ex in Portland.
UNK: They hadn't seen each other in years.
UNK: Yo. Pay dirt!
UNK: I canvassed Burns' building.
UNK: At first it was all, "He's so quiet. He just keeps to himself."
Esposito : But this other neighbor, who just came home,
Esposito : said that she saw Burns and another guy
UNK: having a knock-down-drag-out yelling match just before he left.
Castle : About what?
Esposito : All she remembers is the other guy yelling,
Esposito : "If you try to print that, I swear to God, I'll kill you!"
Beckett : Did you get a description?
Esposito : I'll give you a hint. He's authentic.
Esposito : And terrific.
UNK: Luca Sabalini : So me and Burns argued. So what? It's a free country.
UNK: Free speech doesn't cover death threats, Mr. Sabalini.
Castle : Or murder.
UNK: Luca Sabalini : I told you, I was home last night.
UNK: Yeah, you did. But your wife tells us a different story.
Castle : It seems she remembers you sneaking out before midnight,
Castle : after you thought she was asleep.
UNK: She told us you were off to see
UNK: "That whore mistress of his over in Flatbush."
UNK: And when she confronted you about it this morning,
UNK: you told her that you went into the city
UNK: because the store alarm was going off.
Castle : We checked.
Beckett : It wasn't.
Beckett : So who are you lying to, Luca? Me, or your wife?
UNK: Ralph Carbone : My wife.
UNK: Luca Sabalini : I was with Angie last night. You can ask her.
UNK: I could, but it doesn't mean I'm gonna believe her.
Beckett : What were you and Burns fighting about?
Esposito : He was going to write something about me.
UNK: Destroy everything I've worked for. I had to stop him.
Beckett : And what was he going to write?
UNK: Luca Sabalini : About my pizza.
UNK: About what makes my fat-free pizza taste so good.
UNK: Luca Sabalini : It's made with real cheese. There's nothing fat-free about it.
Castle : You were going to kill for that?
UNK: Luca Sabalini : It's an expression!
UNK: Luca Sabalini : Besides, Burns called me last night.
UNK: Luca Sabalini : He said he'd consider not running it if I'd do him a favor.
Castle : What favor?
UNK: Luca Sabalini : He didn't say what.
UNK: Luca Sabalini : He was supposed to stop by today to talk about it.
UNK: You said that he called you yesterday? From where?
UNK: Okay, got it.
UNK: The incoming call on his cell was from the Hotel Beta in Midtown.
Beckett : All right. Let's go.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: Paid in cash. Signed in under the name Melville.
UNK: This guy's definitely flying under the radar.
UNK: Castle, there's his computer.
UNK: Okay.
Castle : "New York's Authentic Terrific Pizza Wars."
Castle : Sharp narration, delicate prose...
UNK: This is not an exposé.
Beckett : It's a puff piece.
UNK: I can practically smell the garlic,
Castle : but there's nothing in there that's about anything heavier than pizza.
Beckett : Or what got him killed.
Castle : His most recent notes. Pizza. Recipes. Inter...
UNK: What?
Beckett : Look at that.
Beckett : That's last night.
Beckett : He was meeting with someone.
Castle : Someone from that phone number. Just before he was killed.
UNK: I'm gonna run that down.
Castle : You have an app for that?
Beckett : Yeah, NYPD issue. We just got it.
Castle : - Can I... - Whoa.
Castle : Fine. Then you don't get to play my Angry Birds.
UNK: And they just came out with a new one.
UNK: Johnny Farrell. Swede Andersen.
UNK: How do I know those names?
Beckett : I don't know. But recognize this person?
Castle : That's the woman from Burns' wallet.
Beckett : Bingo. Monica Wyatt.
Beckett : And if she met with him last night,
UNK: she might be the last person to have seen him alive.
Castle : I wonder if they went out for pizza.
Beckett : Little upscale for the pizza world.
UNK: Unless she's a middleman.
Castle : For the money laundering operation.
UNK: She transfers the assets out of country into Swiss bank accounts
Castle : using the names Johnny Farrell and Swede Andersen.
UNK: Or she's just a real estate agent as she claims to be.
UNK: That's just her cover to avoid scrutiny of the feds.
Beckett : You had a lot of imaginary friends growing up, didn't you?
Castle : Still do.
UNK: Monica Wyatt : Hi. Can I help you?
UNK: Monica Wyatt : I can't believe he still had this.
UNK: Monica Wyatt : He actually took this on our first date.
Beckett : And how long were the two of you together?
UNK: Just a couple of months, but...
UNK: Monica Wyatt : God, this had to be three years ago.
UNK: Monica Wyatt : I saw him once or twice after his daughter's accident.
UNK: Monica Wyatt : He was different.
UNK: Monica Wyatt : It's like he just drifted away.
Castle : What made you see him last night?
UNK: Monica Wyatt : I didn't see him last night.
Beckett : Well, according to his notes, he met up with you at 10 : 00 p.m.
UNK: Monica Wyatt : Well, that wasn't a meeting. That was a date.
UNK: But he didn't show.