House : Because we changed your medicine back to the real stuff.
House : Stop talking.
Alex : You gave me fake medicine?
House : That's what I said,
House : in the vain hope that you wouldn't feel the need to also say it.
House : Stop talking.
Cameron : Wilson already did an ultrasound. He said her ovaries were undersized.
House : The ultrasound would be the way to go if you were looking for ovarian cancer.
Cameron : What are we looking for?
UNK: That.
Alex : Oh, my God.
House : It looks like a tumor, doesn't it?
Cameron : - But those are... - Yep.
House : We found a tumor.
House : She has cancer?
House : - Technically, no. - So it's not cancer?
UNK: No, it's cancer, but "he" has cancer
UNK: on "his" left testicle.
Alex : - I don't have testicles. - She's not a guy.
House : His DNA says you're wrong.
House : Frogs and snails and puppy dog tails.
House : You've got male pseudohermaphroditism.
UNK: You see, we all start out as girls
House : and then we're differentiated, based on our genes.
House : The ovaries develop into testes and drop.
UNK: But in about one in every 150,000 pregnancies,
UNK: the fetus with an XY chromosome
House : a boy, develops into something else,
House : like you.
House : Your testes never descended, because you're immune to testosterone.
House : You're pure estrogen.
UNK: Which is why you have heightened female characteristics,
House : clear skin, great breasts.
House : The ultimate woman is a man.
House : Nature's cruel, huh?
Dad : This is obviously a joke. This is impossible.
House : No. A joke would be me calling you a homo.
UNK: You see the difference?
House : I'll schedule him for surgery.
Alex : No! You're wrong! I'm a girl! Look at me!
Alex : How could you say I'm not a girl?
UNK: You see, they're all looking at me. I'm beautiful!
UNK: That anger. It's just the cancer talking.
House : Put your clothes back on. We're gonna cut your balls off.
House : Then you'll be fine.
Cuddy : - How's the patient? - Post-op.
UNK: They sent him/her up for a psyche visit.
UNK: Calling her a "him/her" isn't really helping.
UNK: The good news is, I don't think Dad's gonna be sleeping with him/her again.
UNK: You see, now it's gross.
House : I need another shot.
Cuddy : When did the pain start coming back?
House : A few hours ago.
Cuddy : About an hour after you solved the case?
House : If I wanted to be psychoanalyzed, I'd get Wilson to give me the shot.
Cuddy : Same dosage?
House : If you'd be more comfortable,
House : I might be able to deal with a few less CCs of morphine.
Cuddy : It wasn't morphine.
House : What did you give me? I told you I wanted...
Cuddy : It was saline.
Cuddy : I gave you a placebo.