House : Listen, none of this has anything to do with Stacy.
UNK: Right. Giant coincidence
Wilson : that you've gone completely off the rails since she left.
UNK: Inducing migraines, worsening leg pains.
UNK: Oh, do you miss Stacy, too?
Chase : Brain biopsy shows no white matter disease.
UNK: Cameron, you gonna tell Cuddy, or has she already got you wired for sound?
Cameron : I had to do what I thought was right.
UNK: So, white is out. It just leaves gray.
UNK: Neuronal ceroid lipofucinosis, Heller Syndrome...
Chase : Any one of the mitochondrial encephalopathies.
Cameron : Am I in trouble?
House : You had to do what you thought was right.
UNK: They call it "gray area" because you never really know what's there.
House : We can't test for any of those things.
Cameron : So I'm not in trouble?
House : You can torture yourself all you want.
House : What if everything we're seeing is just smoke signals?
Chase : - Okay. Who's sending them? - Tumor.
House : If she has cancer anywhere in her body,
House : she could also have Paraneoplastic Syndrome,
House : which could be causing antibodies to attack her brain.
House : Antibodies are stupid that way.
UNK: Paraneoplastic Syndrome's awfully rare in a 15-year-old.
UNK: 15-year-olds who look like that are awfully rare.
House : It would explain the aggressive behavior, the cataplexy,
House : the memory loss, even the twitching. It's perfect.
Cameron : What if it's not?
UNK: We could waste a week searching for a tumor
Cameron : that we don't even know is there.
House : Then let's make sure it is there.
Foreman : There's no test for Paraneoplastic Syndrome.
House : Sure there is.
UNK: The "squeeze the tube" test.
Dad : - What did the biopsy tell you? - It wasn't definitive.
House : But the twitching should stop right about now.
Alex : Oh, my God.
UNK: Could have just been a coincidence.
House : Twitching does tend to stop and start. Let's be sure.
UNK: The MG vacuums her blood, neutralizes the stuff that's making her twitch.
House : It's actually kind of cool.
UNK: - I wonder if I could make you dance. - Enough.
Dad : This is unbelievable. You did it. You fixed her.
UNK: No.
House : All I did was prove that she has cancer.
House : I need a favor.
Cuddy : I'm not in a giving mood.
House : It'll help us both.
House : I need a shot of morphine in my spine.
Cuddy : If your leg hurts, take your Vicodin.
House : It's not enough.
House : Get a syringe.
Cuddy : Morphine is extreme, even for you.
House : - Yeah. Write that on the insert. - Get one of your lackeys to do it.
House : I don't want them knowing...
Cuddy : That you're on the road to becoming a junkie?
House : That I'm in this much pain.
House : I don't want them questioning my judgment.
House : I can't ask Wilson, because he figures it's all in my head.
Cuddy : Well, I agree with him. I'm going home.