Foreman : Daddy didn't do this to her. And neither did we.
Cameron : We have to call Child Protective Services.
House : Doctor-patient confidentiality.
Cameron : Doesn't apply in abuse cases. You know that.
Cameron : We're mandated to report sexual abuse.
House : Is it okay if I save her life first or do you want to make sure
UNK: that Daddy doesn't get visitation rights to the gravesite?
Foreman : Okay, elevated proteins in her CSF could mean dozens of different things.
Foreman : - Viral encephalitis, CNSV. - Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease?
Cameron : So we're just gonna leave a child molester in the same room as his victim?
House : It's got windows.
House : Fine. Arrest him. Use Cuddy's handcuffs.
Cameron : If you're too distracted to deal with this because your leg hurts, then...
House : Yeah, I'm distracted!
UNK: I'm all hung up on this 15-year-old patient who's cataplectic,
House : can't remember what she had for lunch
House : and is rapidly losing control of her body!
House : And I want her father here in case he's got any more secrets
House : that I need to know about.
House : Now, if you're not too distracted, go take out a piece of her brain,
House : stick it under a microscope.
House : - Wilson! - Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
UNK: Do you really think we need to jump straight to brain biopsy?
UNK: Nope. Let's continue playing.
UNK: "Pin the diagnosis on the supermodel" until she's dead.
UNK: - I heard you killed your supermodel. - Only for a minute.
Wilson : Just for my own clarity, how many more patients do you have to kill
Wilson : before you admit this leg thing just might be a problem?
UNK: Three.
House : I need your help.
Foreman : We're gonna do something called a burr-hole biopsy.
Foreman : We drill a small opening in the back of your skull.
Dad : Doctor, maybe you and I should talk about this first.
UNK: No.
Dad : I just think Alex doesn't need to be overwhelmed right now.
Foreman : I think she should have a say in what happens to her body.
UNK: Now, we're gonna remove a small piece of brain tissue.
Alex : Do you have to shave my hair?
Foreman : Hair grows back.
UNK: I guess I won't remember anyways.
Foreman : There's a good chance the amnesia is only temporary.
UNK: Okay.
Cuddy : Find a way to kick up the contribution.
Cuddy : What did House do now?
UNK: Wilson as God : House, this is God.
House : Look, I'm a little busy right now.
UNK: I'm not supposed to talk during these things.
House : Got time Thursday?
UNK: Let me check. Oh, I've got a plague.
UNK: Wilson as God : What about Friday?
House : You'll have to check with Cameron.
UNK: Wilson as God : Oh, damn it!
UNK: Wilson as God : She always wants to know why bad things happen.
UNK: Wilson as God : Like I'm gonna come up with a new answer this time.
UNK: House.
House : Quick, God, smite the evil witch!
Cuddy : Are you sitting on evidence
Cuddy : that your patient was sexually abused by her father?
House : God, why have you forsaken me?
Cuddy : Don't worry. I've contacted child services for you.
Cuddy : I let you get away with more than anyone in this hospital.
Cuddy : Shielding a child abuser isn't covered.
Cuddy : Cooperate with this investigation or I'll fire you.
Chase : What do you think House is gonna do to you?
Cameron : No idea.
Foreman : Well, you did the right thing.
Foreman : If you hadn't gone to Cuddy, I would have.
UNK: If this guy had known we'd have to report him,
Chase : he'd never have told House the truth.
Cameron : She's a child, she needs to be protected.
Chase : She dropped out of high school to make millions of dollars.
Chase : Why does she need more protection
Chase : than some crack whore shivering in the clinic waiting room?
Forman : I think you're just afraid to piss House off.
Chase : There's that, too.
Wilson : MRI looks exactly the same as it did two years ago.
UNK: The nerves don't seem to be regenerating.
House : I figured as much.
UNK: Several different researchers have proven
Wilson : psychological pain can manifest as physical pain.
House : You think I have a conversion disorder? You want me to see a shrink?
UNK: Brilliant idea sending Stacy away. It's really done wonders for you.