Phoebe : - Hey. - Hey.
UNK: You know, with that goatee, you kind of look like Satan.
UNK: So that's why the priest threw holy water on me.
Chandler : Okay, listen, you have to cheer up.
Chandler : You should come out with Ross and me.
Chandler : Anything is better than sitting here crying all day about Kate.
Joey : I was crying because nobody believed Quincy's theory.
UNK: I'm gonna be on TV!
Chandler : - No way! - Yeah.
UNK: They're putting together a panel to talk about these fossils in Peru.
UNK: The Discovery Channel's filming it!
Phoebe : Oh, my God! Who's gonna watch that?
Ross : - Thanks. You ready to go? - Yeah.
UNK: I saw a girl with that vest.
UNK: Thanks.
Anchorwoman : Most of us think of chocolate bunnies and baskets as traditional Easter gifts.
Anchorwoman : Some people insist on giving live chicks as presents.
UNK: Unfortunately, most of these little guys won't live to see the 4th of July...
UNK: ...because, as a result of improper care, they will be dead.
Joey : You guys got any of those baby chicks?
UNK: I was watching this commercial on TV, and, man, those things are cute!
Chandler : - Hi. - Hi.
UNK: Pete, you're back! Hey, check this out!
UNK: Skates!
UNK: You're a lot sturdier than Chandler. He crumbled like a piece of paper.
UNK: So how was your trip?
UNK: What'd you bring me?
Monica : Hotel toiletries from Japan!
Monica : These are gonna go in my permanent collection.
UNK: You know what that says in English? Made in Texas.
Monica : - Want some coffee? - Yeah, sure. That'd be great.
Monica : Regular or decaf?
UNK: Whichever's closest.
Pete : - So ask me what I did today. - So, what did you do today, Pete?
Pete : I bought a restaurant, and I'd like you to be the chef.
UNK: What?
Monica : Can you believe he offered me a restaurant?
Rachel : What a jerk. You want me to kick his ass?
UNK: This has been my dream since I got my first Easy-Bake Oven...
UNK: ...and opened Easy Monica's Bakery.
Monica : I would kill for this job. I can totally do this job...
UNK: ...and God knows, I've paid my dues.
UNK: But Pete's just doing this because he has a crush on me.
UNK: You're still not attracted to him at all?
UNK: No. I mean, how could I accept a restaurant from him? I can't.
UNK: I couldn't accept a necklace from Stu Vincent in the 7th grade.
UNK: But, Mon, that was totally different. He was your health teacher.
Monica : What, honey?
Rachel : My side still hurts from when you crashed into me yesterday.
UNK: Oh, God, I'm so sorry.
Monica : Oh, God!
Ross : Hey, you guys. Guess what?