UNK: Oh. It's sweet. Your dad's proud.
Chase : - You made the local paper. - For my article.
UNK: Give it a rest. You read what he wrote in the margin?
UNK: "Our friend Lazarus sleeps, but I go that I may wake him up."
Foreman : Yeah. He's not proud of me, he's proud of Jesus.
Foreman : Everything I do right is God's work.
Foreman : Everything I do wrong is my own damn fault.
House : Cop with a sense of humor.
House : Differential diagnosis.
House : Guy's in the ER, bleeding on everybody.
Foreman : - Drugs? - He's a cop.
Foreman : Good point. How about drugs?
House : Tox screen was clean. He did, however, get hit by a bullet.
House : Just mentioning.
Cameron : - He was shot? - No, somebody threw it at him.
UNK: I'm thinking trauma. He got bullet fragments lodged in his brain.
Foreman : According to Baby Shoes, the cop was laughing before he got shot.
Joe : - Baby Shoes? - The guy who shot him.
Cameron : Reliable witness.
UNK: His name is Baby Shoes. How bad can he be?
House : The fragments are in the wrong part of the brain to cause euphoria,
House : so let's expand the search.
House : Factor in the cough and the cloudy lungs.
Chase : Why are we ignoring the elevated heart rate?
Cameron : Because he's in shock.
Chase : What if the heart was already fast before he got shot?
UNK: You mean after the foot race?
Chase : He's giddy. Indicates a blockage of oxygen.
Chase : Carbon monoxide gas would elevate the heart rate,
Chase : cause coughing and impair neurological functions.
Cameron : - He got CO poisoning outdoors? - Yeah.
UNK: All 'cause those bastards didn't ratify Kyoto.
UNK: Or he got CO poisoning indoors and then moved outdoors
House : before he'd inhaled enough to make him drop dead.
House : Test his arterial blood gas.
House : If his carboxyhemoglobin levels are higher than 15%,
House : stick him in a hyperbaric chamber.
House : You go check the cop car for gas leaks.
Foreman : If it was the cop car, his partner would be sick.
House : Maybe she is, but just doesn't have as good a sense of humor.
House : Also, check his personal car, his work, home.
House : I'll check the precinct.
UNK: The blood test confirmed you have low-level carbon monoxide poisoning.
Chase : We're putting you inside a high-pressure chamber that...
Chase : You don't really care, do you?
Cameron : Do you live near a gas supply?
UNK: Yeah, me. After, like, a huge enchilada.
Chase : Anything toxic you have at your home? Any paint solvents, anything unhygienic?
Joe : No. No, I keep a pretty clean home.