Chase : Based on the progression of symptoms, the clot is growing.
Chase : We need to cut into...
UNK: Saying that there appears to be clotting
House : is like saying there's a traffic jam ahead.
UNK: Is it a ten-car pile up, or just a really slow bus in the center lane?
House : And if it is a bus, is it a thrombotic bus or an embolic bus?
UNK: I think I pushed that metaphor too far.
Foreman : Angio can't tell us that kind of information.
House : Oh, so you're saying it was just a waste of time?
Foreman : It gave us some information without killing him.
House : You don't know that an MRI will kill him.
Foreman : The bullets have a ferrous base!
House : Little tiny pieces trapped in his head. They're not going anywhere.
Chase : Maybe it's worth attempting surgery to remove the fragments.
House : Surgeons say inoperable and the patient's on blood-thinners.
House : Other than that, perfect plan.
Cameron : - You got a better plan? - Much.
UNK: The bullet's identical to the one that Baby Shoes popped Joe with.
House : Let's see how magnetic it is.
UNK: Did anybody hear a...
House : I shot him. He's dead.
Cameron : The bullet split into four fragments. No exit wounds.
UNK: I only used a half-load of gunpowder.
Cameron : It won't be exactly precise comparing the locations on an X-Ray to an MRI.
House : How unprofessional was Foreman?
Foreman : Ask him yourself. He's right here.
Cameron : Worse than usual. Better than you.
Cameron : He berated Joe for being a bad cop.
House : Berated or humiliated?
Cameron : I'm not sure. I didn't have my thesaurus with me.
UNK: One implies that he took pleasure in it.
House : I want to know if it was repressed black anger or just giddiness.
Foreman : You think I'm sick?
House : I think that an appropriate response to watching your boss shoot a corpse
House : is not to grin foolishly.
Foreman : The fact that I've grown bored by your insanity is proof of nothing.
UNK: Doctor Foreman, Doctor Chase requests your assistance.
Cuddy : I can't even imagine the backwards logic
Cuddy : you used to rationalize shooting a corpse.
House : Well, if I'd shot a live person, there's a lot more paperwork.
Cuddy : Then it won't be a problem for you to stand beside the casket at the wake
Cuddy : and explain why a cancer patient has a bullet hole in his head.
House : The man donated his body to science. Yes, it's a tragedy.
House : If I hadn't shot him, his body could have spent the next year
UNK: letting first-year med students use the carpool lane.
Chase : - He's set. - Do not turn that on, House.
House : You're mad because I put a bullet in his head.
UNK: At worst, all I'm doing now is taking it out.
House : My bad.
Chase : They have to shut down the magnet to fix it.
UNK: MRI is going to be out of commission for at least two weeks.
UNK: Oh, it doesn't matter. We obviously can't use it on this patient.
Cameron : No, but there are other doctors in this hospital and other patients.
UNK: That helps explains how they can afford all the fancy equipment.
House : I'm sure not pulling my weight.
Foreman : Is doing nothing an option?
Foreman : I'm just saying, maybe the clot will break up on its own.
Foreman : - The giddiness seems to have gone away. - The blindness hasn't.
House : - Echo his heart. - Looking for what?
Cameron : The problem is obviously neurological.
UNK: The clots are in his brain. The source of the clots may not be.
House : Do a complete transthoracic echocardiogram.
House : Maybe we get lucky. Maybe the clots are coming from his heart.
Chase : - Heart's clean. - Where else could we look?
Chase : We could ultrasound his legs, look for a DVT.
Chase : I need you to move over. Joe, are you okay?
Chase : Tachycardia. Heart rate 150 and rising.
UNK: Saline wide open. He's bleeding out.
Foreman : House wanted to thin his blood. He sure did a good job.
Cameron : BP's crashing. He's going into shock.
Chase : Intracranial bleeding. We need to relieve the pressure.
Cameron : We need a surgical team.