House : Foreman brought back samples of everything.
UNK: What was that, "Who wants to go next"? Some kind of test?
House : Don't worry. You made the right call.
House : Foreman stumbled into whatever it is without knowing.
House : And he's way smarter than you are.
Foreman : Ow! Damn, Chase!
Foreman : - You suck at this. - Sorry, it's this damned suit.
Foreman : I can do it myself. And I'll throw that out.
Foreman : What'd the MRI show?
Foreman : I can't be a part of the differential
Foreman : and I can't even know what the differential is?
Foreman : You'd have told any other patient what you found out.
Chase : MRI showed a lesion on your cingulate cortex.
UNK: What's the thinking?
Chase : Toxins are in the lead, viral's a distant second.
UNK: Do you think the lesion could be an abscess?
Chase : It's just a small, soft area. More mush than anything.
Foreman : Was there inflammation in the lining of the ventricles?
Chase : There was an increased signal there, yeah.
Chase : - What are you thinking? - Staph infection.
Foreman : Toxins lead to neurodegeneration which causes the lesion.
Chase : - Not without a fever. - The cop had a fever.
Foreman : Mine could be coming. I could have got it directly from him
Foreman : or a dirty dishtowel at his place.
Foreman : Give us Ommaya reservoirs.
Foreman : Deliver linezolid directly into our brains, and we're cured.
Cameron : Samples tested negative for toluene, arsenic and lead.
House : What about the blood?
Chase : Negative for West Nile and Eastern equine.
Cameron : We have to go back to Joe's apartment, get more samples...
House : No one goes back to that place until we know what we're looking for.
House : Get some of that cop tape, stick it over the doors and the windows.
Cameron : I'll take all the HAZMAT precautions.
Cameron : The chance of infection is next to nothing.
UNK: Yeah, I was never that great at math,
House : but next to nothing is higher than nothing, right?
Cameron : - It's not your fault he got sick. - But it would be his fault if we did.
House : We should get a sample directly from Joe's brain.
Cameron : We can't do a biopsy.
Cameron : There's too much edema from the bleeding because you gave him heparin.
UNK: I don't think this is the time to be pointing fingers.
House : I didn't give Foreman any.
UNK: You want to give Foreman a brain biopsy?
House : Come on. Really, who doesn't?
Chase : This could be a simple staph infection causing neurodegeneration.
House : Without a fever? Not a chance.
Chase : - Joe had a fever. - He also had Legionella.
Chase : The mush might be forming an abscess, and since there was inflammation
UNK: of the lining of the ventricles, it makes sense.
Chase : The staph releases toxins, causes neurodegeneration,
UNK: - causes the lesions. - This is a waste of time.
Chase : We should put an Ommaya reservoir in Foreman's brain
UNK: and start administering antibiotics...
UNK: If I'm going to be arguing with Foreman, I may as well do it directly.
Foreman : Kernig's sign, negative.
Foreman : Brudzinski's sign, single positive.