Chase : What are you doing?
UNK: I want to make sure he sees what's involved.
Foreman : What we found was fairly advanced.
UNK: These cloudy areas here and here,
Foreman : these parts of your lungs simply weren't functioning.
UNK: But they're okay now, right?
UNK: Everything's okay now.
Joe : I'm fine.
Foreman : You're blind.
Joe : I bumped into something. That doesn't mean I can't see.
UNK: - I'm sure this is frightening, but... - What's Doctor Cameron wearing?
Joe : Dark blue pants, white shirt, black shoes.
UNK: Almost, except for the pants, shirt and shoes.
Foreman : You're blind.
Chase : He really thinks he can see?
Foreman : He can physically see. His brain just can't process it.
House : - No chance this is a practical joke? - No way.
Foreman : Anton's blindness indicates damage to both occipital lobes.
UNK: It must be from the trauma.
House : Bullet fragments just happened to hit the same spot in both lobes?
UNK: A stroke could cause Anton's blindness and euphoria.
House : Officer Krupke is clotting in his brain.
House : Start heparin to thin the blood. Find the clot and yank it out.
Foreman : The clot would be at the top of the bilateral vertebral arteries.
House : Great. Chase, stick your fingers in there
House : and grope around until you find it.
House : Oh, wait.
House : When you turn him into a vegetable,
UNK: then there's going to be frivolous lawsuits.
House : You know what would be better? Contrast MRI.
House : Do we have one of those?
UNK: You can't do an MRI. If the bullet fragments are magnetic,
Chase : they'll move and rip his brain apart.
House : Well, let's flip a coin. Heads MRI, tails he dies.
UNK: Police-issue Kevlar vests don't have the ceramic plate insert
Foreman : that would shatter a bullet. They would catch it.
Foreman : So, the bullet shattered on its own.
Foreman : Meaning Baby Shoes was using .38 caliber hollow points,
Foreman : which unfortunately are ferromagnetic.
House : It's just so cool that you know that.
Cameron : We could do an angio to find the clotting.
House : Waste of time. The skull creates too much artifact.
House : We'll never get a decent view.
UNK: - It's the next best thing to an MRI. - And a waste of time.
Foreman : - An angio might show... - Oh, God, it's a coup!
House : Fine, go do your angio.
House : When you're done wasting your time, meet me down in the morgue.
Cameron : We're going to snake a catheter into your femoral artery
Cameron : and up into your brain so we can check for clots.
Foreman : Keep this on throughout the procedure,
Foreman : unless the pot's already made you sterile.
Joe : I have a stressful job. You got no idea.
Foreman : I grew up with cops like you. One part bully, nine parts hypocrite.
Cameron : - What is wrong with you? - Just having some fun.
Cameron : - The man is sick and scared. - The man's a crooked cop.
Cameron : Maybe you should take yourself off the case, Foreman.
Foreman : You don't have to like someone to be their doctor.
Foreman : Hey, how you doing there, buddy?
Foreman : Just sit still and we'll have you back out there
Foreman : scaring the crap out of people in no time.
UNK: Happy?
House : - What did the angio tell us? - What are you looking for?
House : I called my mom. She didn't pick up.
House : What did the angio tell us?
Cameron : That Foreman should be off this case.
House : He's a neurologist.
House : Unless you think the patient's optic nerve is in his spleen.
Cameron : He doesn't like cops.
House : Foreman, policemen are our friends. If you and I ever get separated shopping...
Foreman : - I was just busting the guy's chops. - See?
House : He was just busting the guy's chops.
House : Foreman is essential to solving this case.
House : Medically, what did the angio tell us?
Chase : There appears to be some clotting, possibly around the circle of Willis.