Keith : He was acting all paranoid, he was talking about hiring extra security.
Beckett : Did he say who he was afraid of?
Keith : No. But, um, he hadn't brought it up recently,
Keith : so I just assumed everything was normal
Keith : - until he pulled that stunt yesterday. - Yeah.
Castle : What happened yesterday?
UNK: He blew off our 1 : 00 band meeting.
Zeke : We didn't see him again until sound check at 6 : 00.
Billy : The guy never missed a band meeting.
Beckett : Did he say where he was going?
UNK: No.
Zeke : But I do know this.
UNK: The camera guy that was following him
Zeke : said that James ditched him on purpose.
Castle : So whatever he was doing, he didn't want anyone to know.
Esposito : Yo, you guys got a sec?
UNK: So I've been going through the documentary footage of our victim.
Esposito : Check this out.
James : Most guys will tell you that they learned to play guitar themselves,
James : but I had a mentor.
UNK: And that guy was incredible. Much better than I'll ever be.
Interviewer : What's he think of the band?
James : You know, we lost touch a ways back.
UNK: There. You see that guy?
Esposito : That was taken over a month ago.
Esposito : These are more recent.
Ryan : All right?
UNK: Just move back a little bit. There we go.
UNK: Boom. Boom. Boom.
Beckett : Yeah, looks like our vic had a stalker.
Esposito : Check out this one.
UNK: This is from yesterday. Look what he's leaning against.
Hank : A white van.
UNK: We've got you now, you son of a bitch.
Esposito : I'm sorry, can I even say son of a...
Ryan : So we blew up the picture of the white van
Ryan : wide enough to get a license plate.
Ryan : It's registered to an address somewhere around here.
Esposito : Make a right up ahead.
Ryan : No, I'm going another way.
Esposito : What do you mean? There's only one way.
Ryan : No, there's a different way. There's a back way.
Esposito : - There's no back way. - Trust me. Trust me.
UNK: I know how this might look, but we actually make a pretty good team
Ryan : because we each have, uh, different strengths.
UNK: That's true.
Esposito : For example, I'm former military, which makes me a expert marksman.
Esposito : I'm usually first through the door.
Ryan : Well, yeah. But somebody's gotta know which door to go through.
UNK: I'm a little bit more, um, circumspect, uh, than my partner here.
UNK: I'm kind of like the nerve center of the team.
Esposito : I'm definitely the physical one. I stay in sick shape.
UNK: Boom! Have you been to the gun show? I'm just kidding, I'm just...
Esposito : Seriously though, I'm in sick shape.
UNK: Dude, what's with the shirt? It's really tight. Did you change it?
UNK: I spilled something on it.
UNK: Ah, here it is.
Esposito : Slow approach.
Ryan : Stay close.
Esposito : I think he saw us.
Esposito : I got this!
Ryan : Let's go check out the van.
UNK: Ahhh!
Ryan : What do we have here?