Lanie : James had no antibodies for polio.
Beckett : He never had the polio vaccine?
UNK: Wait, everyone born since the early 1960s got that vaccine.
Lanie : That's what I thought.
Lanie : He also had no antibodies for tetanus, measles,
Lanie : whooping cough, all standard immunizations.
Beckett : What else?
Lanie : Isn't that enough?
Beckett : Lanie, usually if you have something like this for me,
Beckett : you just call me over the phone.
Lanie : Well, I thought it was worth the trip.
Beckett : Ryan, can you look into our vic's medical records?
UNK: I wanna find out why he was never vaccinated.
Hank : On it.
Esposito : Okay, I think I figured out why James Swan went to that building.
UNK: He knew a guy who lived there. A Sam Spear.
Esposito : Dude has an outstanding lawsuit against our vic.
UNK: What kind of a lawsuit?
Esposito : Well, he claims that James stole one of the band's songs from him.
UNK: And James must've thought he had a case,
Esposito : because when he stopped at a bank on his way to see this guy,
UNK: he took out 25 grand, cash.
Castle : Sounds like he's trying to settle out of court.
UNK: Yeah, and I'm guessing it didn't pan out.
Esposito : Sam Spear bought a ticket to last night's show.
Castle : So, he was at the theater right before Swan was killed.
Esposito : Time to pay this guy a visit.
Esposito : No, no. I got this.
Esposito : You stay here and work on your little research project,
Esposito : you being the nerve center and all. Castle?
UNK: Uh, you coming?
Beckett : No, I'm good.
Castle : Wait up.
Esposito : It's not this one.
UNK: Spear's in 3-M.
Castle : You know, Detective Beckett is not an unfriendly person.
UNK: She's just got walls.
Castle : Let's call them layers.
UNK: Layers upon layers of, uh, well, walls.
Castle : But once you scale those walls, the effort is worth it.
UNK: Castle, keep your voice down, please. All right?
UNK: I've already had one guy bolt on me today.
Esposito : Element of surprise is key. See, I can be circumspect.
Esposito : Folks would be lost without me.
Castle : He went the wrong way.
UNK: It's 3-M. Spear's place.
UNK: Drop your weapon! Let her go, right now!
UNK: NYPD! Nobody moves!
Esposito : - Get your hands up! - Hey, oh, yeah, yeah!
Esposito : Let me see your hands!
Sam : Okay, what is this?
UNK: Drop your weapon!
Sam : It's just a bad movie.
UNK: I'm just composing a score.
Sam : - This is all a misunderstanding. - Let's review.
Esposito : You sued James Swan over a song.
Esposito : Then he came to see you about it yesterday.
Esposito : A few hours later, he was killed right after his show.
Castle : - What? - A show that you attended.
Sam : But we worked all that out.
UNK: He was gonna give me half the publishing for that song.
UNK: I was gonna drop the complaint as soon as the papers were signed.
Esposito : That doesn't explain the 25 grand he brought to you.
UNK: Twenty-five... I don't know anything about that.
Sam : Look, he wanted me to write for him.
Sam : It'd be pretty stupid to kill off an employer in this job market.
Castle : You were writing songs for him?
Sam : Yeah. Here, look.
Sam : I already started. I got pretty far on that one.
Esposito : Let me see that.
Esposito : I do like the vocal line on this.
Castle : You read music?
UNK: What, you think 'cause I'm a cop, I can't sing?
Castle : No, I think you can't sing because I've heard you sing.
Esposito : That karaoke machine was busted. I'm gonna sing for y'all later.
Castle : If this was just about writing songs, why all the secrecy?
Sam : He never said, but I had my theories.
Sam : Especially because his new stuff was such a musical departure for him,
UNK: as I'm sure you noticed.
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : Taking the music in a new direction
UNK: but he didn't want the rest of the band to know.
Castle : Of course. Swan was going solo.
Esposito : Makes sense.
Esposito : The director said that Swan was the creative force behind the group,
UNK: that if he left the band they would flounder.
UNK: What if one of the other members found out and confronted him?
Esposito : They argued, and things got ugly.
Castle : Right. He wasn't about to stay.
Castle : And they weren't about to let him
Castle : play George Michael to their Andrew Ridgeley.
Esposito : - Andrew who? - Exactly.
Castle : So they pick up a guitar, and wham!
Sam : It's what I do.
UNK: That's not bad.
UNK: - It gives it weight. - Yeah.
Beckett : Got yourself a new guitarist.
UNK: We're trying someone out, yeah.