UNK: Hostel Attendant : Excuse me, what are you doing? What are these cameras for?
Beckett : We're looking for John Campbell.
UNK: Uh...
UNK: Hostel Attendant : No, sorry. There's no one here by that name.
UNK: Hostel Attendant : Excuse me, that's a private room.
UNK: Hostel Attendant : And you can't go back there. Excuse me!
UNK: Mr. Campbell, we have a few questions about James Swan.
Beckett : Mr. Campbell, where were you between midnight and 2 : 00 a.m.
Beckett : The night that James Swan was killed?
UNK: John Campbell : I was in my hotel room.
Beckett : Can anyone vouch for that?
UNK: Well, I was meditating. Solitude's a very important part of my evening ritual.
Castle : So that'd be a no.
Beckett : So, what are you doing in town?
Campbell : Working for my church.
Campbell : Fundraising, recruiting mostly.
UNK: "Fundraising"?
Castle : Interesting term for making James Swan pay you for his freedom.
Campbell : It's no secret that James and I had met.
Campbell : But he certainly didn't need to buy his freedom. We're all free.
Beckett : Mr. Campbell, we know that James had 25 grand in cash with him
Beckett : when he went to see you
Beckett : and that he no longer had that money once he left.
Campbell : James may have made a donation to the church,
Campbell : but I make it a point not to discuss those matters.
UNK: Okay, so then why don't we discuss lthaca?
Esposito : - Here we go. - About a month ago,
Beckett : James and his band had a concert there.
UNK: And he said that afterwards he was concerned
Beckett : that someone was coming after him.
Beckett : Now, I think that that someone was you.
Campbell : I'm sorry, but I had no idea James was in town last month.
Beckett : I don't think that's accurate.
UNK: I think you're upset with him for cutting the cord with your church.
Beckett : - And so you started tracking him. - That's not true.
Beckett : He gave you a donation so that you would leave him alone.
Joel : That's not true!
Beckett : But that wasn't enough, was it? You wanted revenge.
UNK: No. Enough.
Beckett : So you followed him to his trailer and then you killed him in a fit of rage!
UNK: Enough!
Campbell : Now, if you have a solid case here, then arrest me.
Campbell : Otherwise, we're done.
Campbell : You contact me again and I will sue you for religious persecution.
Beckett : Sir, we're sure it was Campbell.
Beckett : He had motive and he met with our victim the day that he died.
Castle : And he was lying through his teeth about lthaca.
Castle : That's where Swan got on his radar.
UNK: Do you have proof of that?
Beckett : No, not yet.
Beckett : But we're checking public records and police reports
UNK: from when the band was in lthaca to see if there's a link to Campbell.
UNK: Well, I'm sure the DEA will be delighted if you could help get some...
UNK: Hostel Attendant : - Excuse me. - Yeah.
UNK: Gates.
UNK: Oh, no, no, DVDs will be fine.
UNK: Well, I appreciate it, Mr. Mitas. Okay.
Gates : Our film director.
Gates : As you know, it's important that this project reflects well on the precinct.
Gates : As I'm sure it will.
Gates : But we did have a number of officers watching a sex tape earlier.
UNK: Still,
UNK: to ensure that the conduct of my people
Gates : meets the highest possible standard,
UNK: Mr. Mitas is sending over all the precinct footage for my review.
Beckett : All the footage, sir?
Gates : Is there a problem, Detective?
Beckett : No, no, of course not.
UNK: Okay.
Esposito : Well, she confirmed it.
UNK: That's the missing piece. You should tell Beckett.