Esposito : How'd you like to try to film with a cracked lens, huh?
Beckett : All right, Espo, just go get their director, tell him to get the crew out of here.
UNK: Richard Castle : Hey, Esposito.
UNK: Someone didn't get their coffee. What's this?
Lanie : They are making a documentary on the band.
Beckett : Yeah, just ignore them.
Castle : Richard Castle, novelist.
Castle : My latest, Frozen Heat, in stores now.
Castle : Have you met Nikki Heat's inspiration, Detective Beckett?
Beckett : Lanie, what else do we know?
Lanie : Victim is James Swan. He's the lead guitarist of Holy Shemp.
Lanie : They must be Three Stooges fans.
Lanie : Based on lividity,
Lanie : I'd say the time of death is between 12 : 00 and 2 : 00 a.m.
Castle : Look at that.
UNK: "Observe." An unheeded call to vigilance.
Beckett : So, that's the murder weapon?
UNK: Mmm. It's a Gibson Les Paul.
Castle : '59 Flame Top, if I'm not mistaken, and I'm rarely mistaken.
Castle : It's hot.
Ryan : Tell me about this guitar.
UNK: Well, the Flame Top is his favorite.
UNK: Uh, last night after the show, I tuned it and I dropped it off at his trailer.
Hank : He likes to compose on it.
Ryan : All right. Well, what time was that at?
UNK: Was around 11 : 30.
Ryan : All right, was, uh, he alone at the time?
Hank : Yeah. Yeah. And we chatted for a second.
Hank : He was always really nice to me. It was all about the music with him.
UNK: Was there anyone hanging outside the trailer?
Ryan : Maybe someone you didn't recognize?
UNK: I saw a white van. Went around the block a couple of times.
UNK: Oh, did you get a plate number?
Hank : I'm sorry. It was dark.
UNK: All right. Um, don't go anywhere.
Butterfly : No. I... You can't pull your funding.
Esposito : Yo! You the director?
UNK: Joel Mitas : Yeah, no. You...
Joel : Look, we are sitting on gold, here, okay?
Joel : This is part rock-doc, part, uh...
Esposito : This is a crime scene. You gotta get these cameras out of here.
Joel : All right. Look, I gotta go. Just call me if you can get that thing.
Joel : Look, you gotta help me out here, okay?
Joel : I've been following these guys non-stop for three months.
Esposito : Not anymore. Police procedure, sorry.
Esposito : And if you've been following the victim 24l7,
UNK: - I'm gonna need to see to that footage. - No, Detective!
UNK: Look, I'm in a spot here, okay?
Joel : James Swan was that band.
Joel : With him gone, no one is gonna care about these guys
UNK: or wanna see this film.
Joel : So unless I can reinvent it as some kind of thriller,
Joel : you know, a hunt for the murderer...
Joel : People love that stuff.
Esposito : Listen to me.
Esposito : A guy's dead here.
UNK: Lf you don't get rid of these cameras,
UNK: I'm gonna break one over...
UNK: One second, sorry. Yeah, go ahead.
UNK: Oh, great. Okay, hang on, I'm gonna give you to a detective.
UNK: Hello?
Castle : This was a crime of passion.
Castle : There was an argument, things got heated.
Castle : The killer grabbed the nearest heavy object and felled poor Mr. Swan
UNK: at the tragically young age of...
Castle : How old was he?
UNK: Twenty-seven.
Castle : Wow. Another one for the club.
Lanie : - What club? - Twenty-seven Club.
Castle : Memberships include some of the greats.
Castle : Jimi Hendrix, Jim Morrison, Janis Joplin. And the list is extensive.
Beckett : Castle, we kind of need a different list,
Beckett : like, who might have been in this trailer last night.
Castle : I think I know where to start.
UNK: Lanie.
UNK: Go. Go, get out of here.