UNK: Uh-oh.
UNK: I'm pretty sure that ain't ketchup.
Beckett : Hey, is that our stalker?
Esposito : Ex-stalker. He won't be seeing daylight anytime soon.
UNK: Uh, L.T., could you please take him
Ryan : to the interrogation room? Thank you.
UNK: You should watch from observation while I tear this guy apart.
UNK: So, uh, we like this guy?
UNK: We found blood-stained overalls in his van.
UNK: We sent them to be tested to see if they match the blood from our vic.
Esposito : Oh, they match. Trust me, bro.
UNK: You don't have to worry about this creep hurting anyone ever again.
Esposito : That's a gift, from me to you. You're welcome, America.
UNK: You've a lot of nasty things in your van, Joe.
Castle : I miss anything?
Beckett : No, they're just getting started.
UNK: Rope, gasoline...
Esposito : You wanted to do nasty things to James Swan.
Beckett : I don't know what you're talking about.
Esposito : Oh, I think you do.
UNK: I'm gonna give you a second to get your facts straight.
UNK: Ooh, the time-out. That's a classic. Interrogation, it's really an art form.
Castle : I mean, Detective Beckett here, she is a master.
Castle : I have watched her crack countless cases in this very room.
Castle : Remember that guy who killed his gardener
UNK: because he cut his roses too short?
UNK: - Mmm-hmm. - We found your overalls.
UNK: They had Swan's blood all over 'em.
UNK: That's not his blood, it's my blood.
Joe : I cut myself when I was working on my van.
Esposito : Oh, come on, Joe. What do you think, we're stupid?
Esposito : We've got you on video, following him for weeks.
Esposito : We've got your van at the crime scene.
Esposito : So why don't you cut the innocent crap right now?
Joe : You want me to admit it? I admit it. I followed him, I did.
Joe : I was just planning to grab him.
Esposito : And that's when your plan went sideways.
UNK: You tried to drag him to your van. But he didn't want to go.
UNK: That's not how it happened.
UNK: Not how it happened!
Esposito : That's when you got mad
Esposito : and that's when you busted his head open.
UNK: No, I didn't kill anybody! I just...
Castle : I just...
Joe : I just want my little girl.
Ryan : Your little girl?
Joe : My daughter.
UNK: She quit herjob to become a groupie.
UNK: Threw her whole life away.
Joe : I was afraid she was gonna get pregnant, or worse.
Joe : All I wanted to do was grab him. I wanted to scare him a little.
Joe : I wanted him to stay away from her.
Esposito : - Your daughter? - Yes,
Joe : I haven't seen her in weeks.
Joe : I don't even know if she's alive.
Ryan : Does she go by the name of Butterfly?
UNK: Yes.
Ryan : I think we can help you find her, if it's okay with my partner.
Ryan : Well, looks like our stalker was telling the truth.
UNK: Prelim shows that the blood on his overalls was his. Sorry, partner.
UNK: Huh.
UNK: Well, at least grabbing the guy up wasn't a total bust.
UNK: I don't know. Seems to be the definition of a total bust.
UNK: Well, it would've been if I hadn't just spoken to him in holding.
Esposito : Seeing as how he was tailing our victim,
Esposito : he knew exactly where Swan was on the afternoon of his death.
Beckett : Great. Where?
UNK: He was in a bank in SoHo,
Esposito : and then he went into a residential building
Esposito : on the corner of Lafayette and Broome.
Castle : Yes, but why?
Castle : Swan eluded his cameraman to go on a clandestine errand.
Castle : An errand so important he missed a band meeting.
Castle : He was acting erratically, went to the bank right beforehand...
Castle : This all points to one thing.
Ryan : - Drugs. - Drugs... Drugs...
Beckett : That's an interesting theory, but that is pure speculation.
Castle : Actually, it's not.
Castle : Pure speculation would be Swan purchasing thermonuclear technology
Castle : to have a scientist make him an amplifier that went all the way to 12.
Castle : This, musicians buying drugs...
Castle : ...that's just Monday morning's crossword.
Esposito : I'll pull a list of tenants, see if anyone pops.
Beckett : Lanie's got something she wants us to see.
Castle : Lanie? Who's Lanie?
UNK: Uh...
UNK: Uh, Lanie is our medical examiner and she works at the morgue.
Beckett : And she's got information that she wants us to see
Beckett : and we are keeping her waiting.
Ryan : Still a little stiff.
UNK: It's early. She could tighten that up. But she's getting better.
Lanie : Victim's blood panels came back.
Castle : - Let me guess. Drugs. - Nope.
UNK: This was one clean-living rock star.
Lanie : In fact, it's not what he put in his body, it's what he didn't.