Butterfly : Oh, my God, thank you.
Butterfly : The guy was a total genius.
UNK: I followed the band for six months trying to meet him.
UNK: A couple weeks ago, James and I got together.
Butterfly : And every night since I'd meet him in his trailer right after the show.
Castle : So you were in his trailer when it happened?
Butterfly : I guess. I mean, um...
Butterfly : I don't remember anything.
Beckett : I'm sorry, how can you not remember?
Butterfly : I passed out.
Butterfly : I guess I partied a little too hard during the show.
UNK: I'm sorry, I wanna help.
Castle : Listen, Miss...
Butterfly : - Butterfly. - Butterfly.
Castle : This is very important.
Castle : Do you remember anything about that night, anything at all?
Butterfly : In his trailer,
Butterfly : I heard a horse.
UNK: Um...
UNK: A horse as in whinnying?
Butterfly : No. I heard the sound of horse hooves crunching in the snow.
Butterfly : Like, crunch, crunch, crunch.
Beckett : Okay, can we, uh, just focus on what happened just before you passed out?
Beckett : Did he seem like he was upset?
Beckett : Did he seem like he had been fighting with anyone?
Butterfly : Actually, the opposite.
Butterfly : He'd been complaining a lot
Butterfly : about the other guys in the band recently, you know?
Butterfly : The arguments and the tension.
UNK: But last night, he seemed happy.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : You know, like he'd found some kind of peace.
Beckett : I don't know if that girl could swing a guitar with enough force
Beckett : to kill anyone, but I still gotta check her clothes for blood spatter.
Castle : I'm more interested in what the band members were fighting about.
Beckett : Hey, what are you guys doing here? Huh? Get out of here, now.
Beckett : This is a police investigation. You have no right to be here.
UNK: Uh, actually, that's not true.
UNK: Victoria Gates : I'm sorry, Detective, but it's out of my hands.
UNK: Victoria Gates : City Hall has decided it's good PR.
Beckett : What about the case? They're going to compromise the investigation...
Gates : I feel the same way as you do.
Gates : But a decision has been made and I expect you to comply with it.
Beckett : Fine. Then just have them stay out of my way.
UNK: Hi.
UNK: Uh...
Gates : Welcome. I'm Captain Gates, head of the 12th Precinct.
Gates : In cooperation with the NYPD's Public Affairs division,
UNK: I am happy to grant you full access to the department.
Gates : I think you will find everyone here more than accommodating.
UNK: Welcome.
UNK: Welcome.
Keith : Come on, what's the big deal? Lt'll be fun.
UNK: Look, Castle, what we do here, this is mine.
UNK: And just because they wanna invade my privacy,
UNK: it doesn't mean that I have to help them do it.
Castle : Okay, well, that may be,
Castle : but these cameras, they're not going anywhere.
UNK: They're gonna see something.
Castle : I just want them to see what I see.
UNK: Hold up, why do you need our alibis?
UNK: Because we understand that there was some tension
Beckett : between Mr. Swan and the band.
Keith : Of course there was tension. You spend every second together,
UNK: it's not always gonna be pretty.
UNK: We've been together for five years. If you had any idea
Zeke : the kind of crap you go through trying to make it in this business.
Zeke : It has a way of bonding people.
Castle : Or making them really, really sick of each other.
Keith : Hey, we looked out for James.
UNK: He was a middle-class kid from Ohio.
Keith : He didn't know what he was getting into with this life.
Beckett : Yeah, well, we're still gonna need statements
Beckett : about where you were last night.
Keith : Fine. I was in my trailer. I went there right after the show.
Zeke : - Me, too. - We were all in our trailers.
UNK: All right. We have reports that there was a white van in the area.
UNK: Did James ever mention anything about that?
UNK: No. But he did think someone was following him.
UNK: Yeah, uh, it was a month ago, right around the time we played lthaca.