Castle : Well, that was fast.
Castle : Though I guess you had this audition lined up already, didn't you?
Keith : What are you talking about?
Castle : Come on, Keith, you knew James was going solo.
Zeke : Is that true, man?
Keith : No, of course not. How would I know that?
Beckett : We met with a woman from the record label.
UNK: She says that she's your girlfriend.
Beckett : She said that she had a meeting on the books with James
Beckett : about making some changes
Beckett : and that there were rumors that he wanted to leave the band.
Castle : All those years struggling side by side.
UNK: Now, success finally at hand,
Castle : he wanted to take all the glory for himself? I know I'd be mad.
UNK: I'm not gonna stand here and let you accuse me
Keith : of killing one of my best friends, all right?
UNK: You hear that sound?
Castle : Kind of like horse hooves crunching on snow.
Beckett : Just like what Butterfly heard in Swan's trailer.
UNK: Look, we know he's got a temper.
Beckett : So if we can get him angry enough...
UNK: Actually, why don't you talk to Keith yourself?
UNK: Why?
Castle : Because I want to give you room to operate.
Castle : And strut your stuff.
UNK: You got this.
Castle : She's got this.
Keith : Really? You gotta film this, too?
Beckett : They can film whatever they want, Keith. You signed a release.
Beckett : You're lucky the cameras weren't rolling when you killed James Swan.
Keith : Look, I already said, I didn't kill him.
Beckett : Yeah, and you also said that you didn't know that he was going solo
Beckett : and that you didn't see him after the show.
Beckett : But I have a witness that places you in his trailer at the time of death.
Joel : All right, look, I did go to his trailer, okay?
UNK: But it was like you said, I heard rumors he was cutting out on us,
Keith : I went to see if it was true.
Beckett : And then after that, you lost control.
Keith : No! We just talked, okay?
Keith : And James denied it, he said that he wasn't leaving.
UNK: He said he was working on something that'd be good for all of us.
Beckett : And what exactly was this something?
Keith : Look, I used to think I knew that dude,
Keith : but he hasn't been the same since lthaca.
UNK: I'm telling you, something happened.
UNK: Keith, I'm not talking about lthaca.
Beckett : I am talking about what happened in that trailer.
Keith : We talked, I left, I went back to my trailer for the rest of the night.
Keith : I was with this girl. You can ask her.
Beckett : What's her name?
Keith : I don't remember her name.
Beckett : A phone number then?
UNK: Anything, so I can get a hold of her?
Keith : They come to me.
Beckett : Keith, you're gonna have to do a lot better than that.
Keith : Okay, all right.
Keith : I may not remember her name,
Keith : but I can prove that we were together that night.
Castle : They were together, all right.
Esposito : Tommy Lee's got nothing on this guy.
Gates : I like to check on the case every once in a while.
Gates : No point in chaining myself to that desk when all the action is right out here.
Esposito : You want action, check this.
Gates : Hey, hey. This is inappropriate workplace behavior.
Esposito : This is evidence, sir.
Esposito : Our suspect's alibi hinges on this.
Gates : Oh. Oh!
Beckett : So does his story pan out?
UNK: Yeah. It seems like he's covered for the entire time-of-death window.
Gates : I hope you're not going on the time-stamp on this video.
UNK: That could be faked, you know.
UNK: It's not the only thing on this video being faked.
Esposito : TV's on in the background, sir.
Esposito : And that is the news. Which means I can verify the time-stamp using that.
Gates : Okay. Good job, everyone. Keep it up.
Castle : No. Too easy.
Beckett : So it looks like we're back to square one, huh?
UNK: I wouldn't say that.
Ryan : I was looking into our vic's medical records. My little "research project."
Ryan : Turns out he has no records.
Ryan : Birth, medical, student transcripts, nothing.
Ryan : The first time James Swan pops up was when he was 17.
Ryan : He was hospitalized for a car accident in lthaca, New York.
UNK: Why does lthaca keep coming up?
Ryan : Because that's where he's from.
Ryan : I checked the address in the ER records,