Esposito : Unless you want to.
UNK: What? No, no. You brought it home.
UNK: Nah, but you were the one who uncovered the cult thing.
Esposito : Right? I mean, this guy broke the whole case wide open.
Ryan : Yeah, but this guy was the guy who came up with the 25 grand, right?
Ryan : - Yeah, but this guy... - Hey, Tango and Cash.
UNK: Is there something you guys want to tell us or not?
Esposito : - You wanna? - Nah, go ahead.
Ryan : All right. We were going over police records
UNK: for the night that our vic was in lthaca, we found something else.
Ryan : A missing persons report was filed by John Campbell
Ryan : the day after the band left town.
Beckett : Someone went missing from the cult?
UNK: Yeah, a guy named Buck Cooper.
Ryan : We checked with Caroline, our Cult Watch contact.
Ryan : Turns out that Buck was Swan's best friend from his days back in the cult.
UNK: So, that's what happened in lthaca.
Castle : I mean, Swan went back to the compound to break out his friend.
Castle : That's the real reason Campbell went after him.
UNK: So the 25 grand wasn't for Swan's freedom, it was for his friend's.
Beckett : This guy's testimony could help us nail Campbell.
Esposito : We've been looking for him, but he's not in the system.
Esposito : But Caroline was supposed to send over a photo.
Ryan : There it is.
Esposito : Boom. Check it out. We know that guy.
UNK: It's the roadie I talked to at the crime scene.
Castle : Well, the key to taking down Campbell's been under our nose the whole time.
Castle : I know I should've said something earlier.
UNK: It's just James told me to keep my head down,
UNK: and then all of a sudden he was dead, and I didn't know what to do.
Beckett : It's okay, Buck. You're safe now.
Buck : I owe that man my life.
UNK: And now I'm never gonna get a chance to repay him.
UNK: Actually, you... You might be able to.
Beckett : You could help us nail Campbell for his death.
Buck : I wish I could, ma'am.
Buck : Lord knows, that man's done some terrible things.
Esposito : The trouble is killing James isn't one of 'em.
Buck : When Campbell took the money from James,
Buck : he promised not to bother us anymore.
Buck : I needed to hear that myself. I needed to look him in the eyes.
Castle : You were with Campbell when James was killed.
Beckett : So then Campbell couldn't have killed James, but then, who did?
Buck : I wish I knew.
Beckett : Did he say anything to you when you were in his trailer?
Buck : He said that he was ready to make things right for me.
UNK: Uh...
Buck : Make things right? Didn't he already do that?
Buck : Yeah, I thought so.
UNK: James got me out of the cult. James got me away from Campbell.
Buck : He even gave me a job in his band.
Buck : All I ever did for the guy was teach him how to play guitar.
Castle : You were his teacher?
James : Most guys will tell you that they learned to play guitar themselves,
James : but I had a mentor.
UNK: And that guy was incredible. Much better than I'll ever be.
Interviewer : What's he think of the band?
James : You know, we lost touch a ways back.
James : And sometimes I wonder what he's up to.
Castle : Don't you see?
Castle : Everything we need to solve this murder is right there in that clip.
Castle : Do a hard fade to black.
Castle : Musical sting.
Castle : Buck Cooper was James Swan's musical mentor, right?
Castle : That's why when the filmmaker asked James about his past,
Castle : he automatically thought of his good friend, Buck Cooper,
Castle : and how much he owed him.
Beckett : Which is when he decided to rescue Buck from the compound
Beckett : and bring him on tour.
UNK: But Buck as a roadie didn't seem fitting.
UNK: I mean, he was a better musician than James was, by James' own account.
Beckett : That's what James meant
Beckett : when he told Buck he wanted to make things right.
Keith : He was talking about bringing Buck into the band.
UNK: Exactly.
Castle : That was the change in direction he kept talking about.
UNK: It's why he told Keith it would be good for all of them,
Castle : because Buck is a great musician.
Ryan : Only Swan didn't really mean all of them,
Ryan : because if Buck was in, then someone else was out. But who?
Castle : Esposito, do you still have that sheet music
Castle : that Swan commissioned from the songwriter?
Esposito : - It's right here. - Perfect.
Esposito : Working on the song...
Castle : See? These aren't run-of-the-mill power chords.
Castle : You'd have to be pretty good to play...
Castle : Especially this part.
Zeke : Yeah, I can play that.
Castle : That's good news, Zeke.
Castle : Because we just so happen to have your bass guitar,
Esposito : right here.
UNK: That's right in my face. A little lower.