Zeke : Do you know what it's like to play all those crappy street fairs,
Zeke : live on nothing but Ramen noodles, sleep in a van for 14 months?
Zeke : And then he calls me to his trailer after the show and tells me that I'm out?
Zeke : I admit, I might not be the world's greatest bass player. But...
Castle : No, but you sure can handle a guitar.
Zeke : Oh, come on, man! I didn't mean to kill him!
Zeke : We're finally about to hit it big and he wants to Pete Best me?
Zeke : For some roadie? I just...
UNK: Ugh! I just lost it!
UNK: Ugh!
UNK: God! No!
UNK: Kevin Ryan : You know, Pete Best was a drummer.
Castle : I think Stu Sutcliffe would have been a more apt comparison.
Buck : I really appreciate what you guys did for James.
UNK: And I'm always gonna appreciate that,
UNK: and I know he does, too.
UNK: You know, I, uh, have something for you.
Castle : I think James would've wanted you to have it.
UNK: Bass line is a little tricky. I think you might be able to handle it.
Keith : Hey. So it's true? About Zeke?
Beckett : Yeah, I'm afraid so.
Keith : This has not been a good week.
UNK: Hey, I wanna let you know, we need a new bassist, obviously.
Keith : And I'm on my way to meet some guys right now,
Keith : but I guess James thought you were pretty good.
UNK: So if you wanna come audition...
UNK: Thanks, Keith. Yeah.
UNK: All right, man.
Gates : Listen up, everyone.
UNK: I, uh, just wanted to commend all of you on a job well done,
Gates : as I always do at the end of every case.
Castle : It's what makes catching the killer worthwhile.
Castle : Which is strange, because you'd think it'd be catching the killer. But, no, it's...
Beckett : Uh, sir. Uh, I'm sorry, sir.
Beckett : About the footage that you were reviewing, are you still working on that?
Gates : No, I got through it.
Gates : In fact, Detective Beckett, Mr. Castle,
Gates : my office, please.
Gates : I'm sure you both know why you're here.
Beckett : Sir, if you could just let us explain...
UNK: Oh, you'd better, because I don't find this very funny.
Gates : I am proud to say that I have the, uh, highest rate of solving crimes
Gates : here in New York City.
UNK: That's due to, in no small part, to my fine police officers and detectives
Gates : who take their work rather seriously.
UNK: They live here at the precinct, they dedicate their entire lives.
Gates : We are a close knit family.
UNK: Would you call that behavior appropriate for a police precinct?
UNK: No.
Gates : You're damn right.
Gates : Just what kind of PR debacle are you trying to inflict on me?
Beckett : I'm sorry, sir. That's the footage that you're talking about? That's it?
Gates : That's not enough?
Gates : Is there something else I should be looking for?
Gates : Like something on that tape they say is missing?
Zeke : - No. No. - Not even notice. Not that we know of.
UNK: For the love of... What kind of foolishness is going on out there?
UNK: I'm gonna need all of this tape, you understand? All of it.
Butterfly : Thank you.
Esposito : See? I told you I could sing.
Ryan : Taught him how to do that.
UNK: Come here. Come on.
Beckett : Look, I know I'm not the easiest person on the planet to get to know,
Beckett : but you guys have been patient, and I've got something to show you.
Beckett : It's a secret. Actually, Castle doesn't even know about it.
Beckett : It's this place that I love to go to.
Beckett : And once you see it, I think you guys will understand me a whole lot better.
Beckett : Go ahead. All the way to the back.
Castle : Hey! Hey!