UNK: traced it to a 20-acre compound
Ryan : owned by The Church of Worldly Enlightenment.
Castle : Whoa, guys, wait a second.
UNK: I've heard about this place. It's a cult.
Beckett : That's why he doesn't have any vaccinations
Beckett : and that's why he doesn't have a family. He grew up in a cult.
UNK: And the only way to leave was to escape. The compound is walled.
Ryan : And the cult practices strict obedience.
UNK: Everyone tattoos the word "serve" on their forearm.
UNK: "Serve."
UNK: Remember James's tattoo? "Observe"?
UNK: He must have added the "O" and the "B" sometime after he got out.
UNK: But when the band played lthaca, maybe somebody recognized him.
Beckett : Which is why he was afraid that someone was following him.
Ryan : James had reason to be afraid.
Ryan : John Campbell, the cult's leader.
UNK: The guy is a total psycho with a violent past.
Ryan : He did 10 years for murder before starting the whole church scam.
Beckett : Do we know where Campbell is now?
Ryan : Well, I can tell you where he was. I checked passenger manifests...
Esposito : Let me see that.
Ryan : For all the nearby airports.
UNK: He flew into JFK two days ago.
UNK: Yep.
Castle : Wait a second. That's the day Swan died.
Castle : So John Campbell was in town
Castle : with a few days to kill.
Castle : See what I did there?
Castle : That was good. Use that.
UNK: Not the part where I said, "See what I did there." Cut that out.
Castle : - Do a hard fade to black. - Musical sting.
Gates : Hey, are we close on locating Campbell?
UNK: Well, his picture is out to all patrol cars citywide,
Ryan : and I've sent his photograph to all the hotels in our database.
Esposito : Yeah, but the trouble is he uses aliases in order to stay off the DEA's radar.
Gates : Well, why's the DEA interested?
Ryan : The Church of Worldly Enlightenment
Ryan : isn't just your friendly neighborhood cult.
UNK: It's also a 20-acre pot farm, run by the 300-plus members,
Ryan : all for Campbell's personal profit.
UNK: Why don't the Feds shut him down?
Ryan : They've tried. Something about freedom of religious expression.
UNK: Can we get anything else on the cult that can help us find him?
Esposito : Detective Beckett's working an angle right now, sir.
UNK: Hey,
Esposito : any luck?
Beckett : Yeah, I just got off the phone with Cult Watch
UNK: and they're gonna hook us up with someone else
Beckett : who escaped Campbell's compound.
Caroline : I was a kid. Drifting.
Caroline : Campbell promised me meaning, a spiritual focus.
Caroline : But in return he took away everything.
Beckett : Caroline, are you worried about these cameras?
Beckett : - 'Cause if you want them gone... - No. Mmm-mmm.
Caroline : I want the world to know what a monster this man is.
Beckett : How did Campbell react when James Swan escaped?
Caroline : He was furious. He used to love James.
Caroline : That's why it was such a betrayal when he left.
Caroline : I heard Campbell swear he'd get revenge, no matter how long it took.
Ryan : Hey, guys, I think I got something.
UNK: The manager of the Widmark Hotel said that Campbell checked in two days ago.
Beckett : Did you send a patrol car?
Ryan : He checked out the next morning.
Ryan : But guess who came to visit him soon after he arrived there?
Lanie : - James Swan. - When?
UNK: 5 : 00 p.m. The same night that Swan was killed.
Caroline : He killed James. I knew it.
UNK: If James was running from Campbell, why would he agree to meet with him?
Caroline : To buy his freedom.
UNK: - Let me guess, for $25,000? - That's right.
Beckett : Do you have any idea where we could find Campbell now?
UNK: If he is in town, he might be at this youth hostel.
Caroline : He recruits there. It's where I first met him.
Beckett : Right, let's go get him.