Ross : I sat near the door so she'd have to pass by me...
Ross : ...if she wanted to switch cars. She was totally at my mercy.
Chandler : Were you so late because you were burying this woman?
UNK: I'm late because she lives in Poughkeepsie.
UNK: She seems great, but she's two and a half hours away.
Chandler : How can she be great if she's from Poughkeepsie?
UNK: That joke would have killed in Albany.
Joey : Done! I did it.
UNK: Who's stupid now?
Ross : The One with the Girl From Poughkeepsie
UNK: Look! They're lighting the big Christmas tree tonight.
UNK: That paper is two weeks old.
Chandler : Who keeps leaving old newspapers in the trash?
Chandler : I really wanted to take Kathy to this.
Rachel : At least you have somebody to miss stuff with.
Rachel : I hate being alone this time of year.
UNK: Next it's Valentine's Day...
Rachel : ...then my birthday, then bang!
UNK: Before you know it, they're lighting that damn tree again.
Rachel : I want somebody!
UNK: You know, I want a man!
UNK: It doesn't even have to be a big relationship. Just a fling!
UNK: I didn't think girls ever just wanted a fling.
UNK: Let me tell you, it's been a long time since I've been flung.
UNK: I know what I'm giving you for Christmas.
UNK: There are nice guys in my office. Want me to set you up?
UNK: I've been single a long time. Why haven't you offered before?
Chandler : I have a girlfriend. I'm happy.
UNK: I no longer go out of my way to stop others from being happy.
UNK: Okay.
Rachel : No accountants.
UNK: And no one from "legal." I don't like boring jobs.
UNK: And Ross was what? A lion tamer?
UNK: What's wrong, Mon?
UNK: Everybody at work still hates me.
UNK: Is it because of the review you wrote or something new?
UNK: It's the review.
Monica : I was making headway.
Monica : Everyone was smiling at me, and then I get off work...
UNK: ...and find out they wrote this on my chef's hat.
Phoebe : Maybe they meant to write "Quiet, Bitch."
UNK: What's the matter?
UNK: Fine! Just trying to be nice.
UNK: I haven't been picked on this much since kindergarten.
UNK: And they brought in someone from junior high to do the see-saw with me.
UNK: They're trying to make me quit. If it were any other job, I would.
UNK: But I've waited for this my whole life.
UNK: Wait, you're the boss. Yell at them. Or fire them!
UNK: I would love to, but I can't. I'm not good at confrontation.
Chandler : You know what you can do?
UNK: I read about this director, Orson Welles...
UNK: ...who, at the beginning, would hire somebody just to fire them.
UNK: Then they would all know who was boss.
UNK: I'm not doing anything. Why not fire me?
UNK: It's a good idea. Can you waiter?
Joey : Good enough to get fired.
UNK: All right. You're hired!
UNK: That's why I got fired last week! Does Orson Welles direct commercials?
UNK: Yes.