UNK: Eight? We were at four.
Eli : Your board's gonna think you walk on water.
Cuddy : I want 12.
Eli : You're not gonna get 12. There's just no way.
Cuddy : 8% barely covers our cost inflation.
UNK: The capitated structure should allow you to hold down inflation.
Cuddy : And shifts all your risk onto us,
Cuddy : which is why we deserve 12.
Eli : Lisa, come on.
Eli : The guy who mows my lawn makes more than my kid's teacher.
Eli : Hell, the two guys whose lunch you interrupted could get fired,
Eli : their severance would be more than most of their employees make in a lifetime.
Eli : It doesn't have anything to do with what you deserve.
Eli : This is it.
Eli : Take it or leave it.
Cuddy : What are you doing? Hey.
House : Know any good transplant surgeons?
House : Turns out his kidneys aren't the only thing failing.
House : And I know what you're thinking,
House : but malaria wouldn't destroy his liver that fast,
House : especially since we never infected him.
Cuddy : I thought you said... Apparently Foreman now thinks
House : that he has the authority to overrule my orders
Cuddy : just because the FDA wouldn't approve.
Cuddy : Don't worry, I'll deal with him.
House : If you could just talk to Hourani...
Cuddy : What would you do?
House : If you paged me during sex?
Cuddy : About the contract with AtlanticNet?
Cuddy : I got them to come up to 8%, but we should get at least 12.
House : It's all numbers, do the math, and nothing else.
Cuddy : It's not about my pride, it's about the principle.
Cuddy : They're trying to screw us over because we're small.
House : That's what they're supposed to do.
Cuddy : They should be pressuring other hospitals
Cuddy : to be more like us, not trying to make us more like them. It's stupid.
UNK: And putting your job on the line
House : in an effort to stamp out stupidity isn't?
Sanford : You would.
UNK: Probably.
House : But then I also wanted to try to cure cancer by infecting a guy with malaria
House : to win a $50 bet. You really want to be like me?
UNK: As you know, for the past eight months,
UNK: we've been trying to renegotiate our contract with AtlanticNet Insurance.