Oscar : But she's sick.
Cuddy : This place is full of sick people, just get her in here.
UNK: Dr. Cuddy, your 8 : 30 is waiting in your office.
UNK: Now.
UNK: I gotta make a quick trip upstairs.
Cuddy : Can you get the guy in my office a cup of coffee? I'll be right back.
Cuddy : I've gotten you coffee before.
Cuddy : What's wrong?
Hourani : It's freezing in here. I can hardly feel my fingers.
Cuddy : Please tell me you didn't send a 911 page
Cuddy : to tell me the heater's broken.
Hourani : It's not broken.
Hourani : House bribed the physical plant to turn on the AC so I'd hurry up.
Cuddy : So hurry up.
Hourani : This man's abdomen is wide open.
Hourani : His core temp is down to 95!
UNK: Fine, I will deal with it.
Hourani : You better, or I'm gonna file...
Cuddy : I don't care what he told you. Turn it back up, now.
House : Thought you had an important meeting.
Cuddy : You're an idiot.
Cuddy : What are you gonna do the next time one of your patients needs a liver transplant?
House : Go talk to Wilson about something completely unrelated and see what happens.
House : Mystery infection guy is now covered in boils
House : and has an abscess big enough to put your fist in.
House : He needs to get into an OR tout de suite.
Cuddy : Hourani will be done soon.
UNK: Good.
House : I'll have some hot chocolate waiting.
Cuddy : Marina. Hey, how is she doing?
Cuddy : She vomited?
Cuddy : Give her some more ibuprofen and put her in the bath for a bit.
UNK: And call me in a half hour if it doesn't go down.
Cuddy : Sorry, Marina, I have another call.
Cuddy : Just call me in a half hour either way.
Cuddy : Hey, what's up?
Cuddy : Tell him I'm halfway there.
Cuddy : He's the one who insisted on the early meeting.
Oscar : All right, I'm coming.
Cuddy : Morning, Eli. Sorry about the wait.
UNK: That's all right.
UNK: I hear you've got a sick kid.
Eli : Yeah, I know what that's like.
Eli : Or, I should say, my wife does.
Cuddy : So, you guys ready to give some ground so we can make this deal?
Eli : Why would we do that?
Cuddy : We've been going at this for eight months.
UNK: As soon as you decide to get reasonable.
Cuddy : I'm the one that's unreasonable?
Cuddy : You've taken weeks to respond to every proposal I've presented.
Eli : AtlanticNet Insurance is the largest healthcare provider in New Jersey,
Eli : and you're not the only hospital whose contracts are up.
Eli : So is your team ready to come back to the table?
UNK: Yeah. We're not going to.
Cuddy : This is our final offer.
Cuddy : We're willing to go with a capitated structure,
Cuddy : but we need at least a 12% increase
Cuddy : in reimbursements across the board.
UNK: Well, good news is I can give you a quick response.
Eli : Not a chance.
Eli : But as always, nice talking to you.
Eli : Say hi to your sister for me.
Cuddy : If you don't accept the offer, we're gonna terminate the contract.
Eli : Gonna be hard to keep this place open
Eli : if all your patients have to pay cash.
UNK: Princeton-Plainsboro is the smallest hospital in our entire network.
Cuddy : We're also the best. It doesn't matter.
Eli : We are responsible for covering 13 million people.
Eli : We don't have enough cash to buy them all Maseratis.
UNK: I know what you pay Bergen, Newark Beth Israel, Robert Wood Johnson...
UNK: It's because they have leverage.
Eli : You can be expensive or small, but you can't be both.
UNK: I've engaged JoneslCurtin to handle the PR
UNK: and I'm prepared to make the announcement at 3 : 00 p.m. Today.
Eli : First lesson every good poker player learns is don't get emotional.
Eli : You don't have the cards.
Eli : And the sooner you realize that,
Eli : the sooner a reasonable contract will get signed.
UNK: You have until 3 : 00 p.m. To change your mind.
Eli : I always did like your style. Gonna be sad to see you go.
UNK: Nurse Regina : They're waiting for you in the conference room.
UNK: Thanks.
Cuddy : Take this up to the call center
Cuddy : and tell Claudia to give one to each CS rep
Cuddy : and to start going over the answers to each question.
UNK: Okay.
Cuddy : And under no circumstances is any of this info to go outside that room.
Cuddy : The scripts are numbered, and I want a list of every person she gives one to.
UNK: Nurse Regina : Got it. Anything else?
UNK: No.