House : If you really wanted to make a deal,
UNK: you should've ditched the push-up
House : and gone with the demi.
House : Nothing makes a guy wanna close like highbeams.
Cuddy : What have you heard?
House : Your meeting with the weasel lasted less than five minutes,
House : which means you either agreed to a completely sensible 30-day extension
House : or one of you issued a completely ridiculous ultimatum.
House : Oh, goody, you or him?
UNK: Me.
House : Way to go, boss. You said it was ridiculous.
House : Ridiculous to make, fun to watch.
House : As long as it's not just a bluff.
Cuddy : Please tell me it's not a bluff.
House : It's not a bluff, and it's not ridiculous.
Cuddy : Just because we're not some huge...
Taub : Mr. Pluta started hallucinating before we could put him under.
UNK: His BP's plummeting, he has an elevated heart rate.
Thirteen : Looks like congestive heart failure.
UNK: Interesting.
Cuddy : I don't care how interesting it is,
Cuddy : you are not infecting him with malaria.
Taub : Since when is malaria a cure for heart failure?
House : It's not. It's not congestive heart failure, it's gotta be one of the...
UNK: Dr. Thomas : I just got off the phone with Hourani.
Cuddy : I'm sorry, Dave, I don't really have time...
UNK: You think I had time to listen to him go for 20 minutes
UNK: Dr. Thomas : about the damn temperature in the OR?
Cuddy : I took care of it.
UNK: Dr. Thomas : It's not an "it," it's a "him" you need to take care of.
UNK: You've got the entire staff catering to House's every whim,
UNK: Dr. Thomas : and I can't get approval to hire a replacement for the surgeon
UNK: Dr. Thomas : he stole from my department.
UNK: Dr. Thomas : A doctor I only took on in the first place because of pressure from you.
Cuddy : So you didn't want Chase, but now you're pissed you can't have him?
UNK: Dr. Thomas : You want to convene a search committee
UNK: Dr. Thomas : and start looking for a new chief of surgery?
Cuddy : No, Dave.
UNK: Dr. Thomas : Then you better stop spending all your time
UNK: Dr. Thomas : putting out his fires and start doing your damn job.
UNK: Dr. Simpson : There a problem with Dr. Thomas?
Cuddy : No, just refereeing a dispute about the OR.
Cuddy : So, we don't yet have a contract with AtlanticNet.
Sanford : We gave you an extra week. And you assured us you'd have a deal by today.
Cuddy : We could have a deal, just not the deal we deserve.
UNK: Female Board Member : So, what do you want, approval for an extension?
Cuddy : We've been at this for eight months,
UNK: an extension isn't going to change anything.
Sanford : So what's your plan?
Cuddy : I presented a final offer.
Cuddy : I told them that we would agree to a capitated structure
Cuddy : if they increase reimbursements by 12%.
Cuddy : A final offer. What does that mean?
UNK: If they don't accept it by 3 : 00, we're gonna terminate.
UNK: Dr. Simpson : Are you out of your mind?
UNK: Dr. Simpson : If we don't accept AtlanticNet Insurance
UNK: Dr. Simpson : we'll lose 80% of our patients.
UNK: Dr. Simpson : We'd be lucky to last three months.
Cuddy : We're not asking for anything they can't afford.
Sanford : Their last offer was a 4% increase,
Sanford : and you're demanding 12?
Cuddy : They're paying even more at some places.
Cuddy : Units that have lower ratings than ours.
Sanford : In a perfect world that would definitely matter.
Cuddy : Sanford, they're all about growth,
Cuddy : and they know they don't get new customers by marketing themselves as the biggest.
Cuddy : They do it by claiming they're the best,
Cuddy : and they can't do that if their patients can't come to us.
UNK: What was Morgan's reaction when you told him?
UNK: He didn't give in. But he will.
UNK: I told him I'd make the announcement at 3 : 00.
UNK: He'll call back before then.
UNK: They need us.
UNK: Dr. Simpson : No, we need them.
Sanford : We need each other.
Sanford : The negotiation is your responsibility,
Sanford : so we can't stop you if this is what you want to do.
Sanford : But just so we're clear, if we don't have a contract with AtlanticNet,
Sanford : you're not gonna have a contract with us.