Martha : Not much.
Castle : Yes, well, in any event, I'm not allowed to discuss it.
Martha : Oh, please, when has that stopped you before?
UNK: Well, clearly it's time I start setting some boundaries around here.
Martha : All right.
Castle : I can tell you this much.
Castle : I'm working on a code involving these three chess pieces.
Castle : The answer to which could avert a catastrophe.
Martha : Two bishops and a pawn? What could it mean?
Castle : I don't know.
Castle : I've been looking up classic strategies.
UNK: I've looked at famous chess matches with Fischer, Karpov, Kasparov,
Castle : but this pattern never occurs.
Martha : Maybe the pieces have nothing to do with a chess game.
Martha : Maybe the pieces represent
Martha : something else entirely.
ESPOSITO : Yo, Beckett.
Esposito : Nothing on Gage, but remember you asked me to look for a link
Esposito : between Tracy McGrath and some guy named Nelson Blakely?
UNK: Yeah.
Epsosito : I found one. From 10 years ago.
Epsosito : Tracy and a bunch of her grad student friends
UNK: went on a whitewater rafting trip with a Dr. Blakely, their professor.
Epsosito : Although it wasn't a good time for him.
Epsosito : He drowned during the trip.
UNK: So he faked his death and Tracy was in on it.
UNK: Who faked his death? Blakely?
Beckett : I'm sorry, I can't tell you.
Esposito : You know, a man can only take so much.
UNK: Hey. Hey, what are you doing here?
Castle : I found something. It's about Blakely.
Beckett : Well, shouldn't you tell Sophia about it?
UNK: She isn't my partner. You are.
Castle : May I?
Martha : All right.
Castle : Bishop, bishop, pawn.
Castle : We know Blakely was a world-class chess player.
Castle : Tracy McGrath played, too. She had a game timer.
Castle : Yet this placement makes no tactical sense.
Beckett : I'm guessing you got a theory?
Castle : I don't think the pieces have anything to do with the game.
Castle : I think Blakely was leaving Tracy a coded message
Castle : telling her where to meet him.
Castle : Maybe even a place where they played chess.
UNK: Okay, well, people play chess in parks.
Beckett : Central Park, Washington Square Park.
Beckett : Those would be great places to meet up with someone
Beckett : without drawing attention.
Castle : Exactly. Now what if each piece stood for the first letter of a word?
UNK: Bishop for "B." Pawn for "P"?
UNK: Okay, "B" and then seven spaces. That could be Brooklyn.
UNK: And Blakely made his phone call from Brooklyn.
UNK: So, Brooklyn, B-B-P, Brooklyn Bridge Park?
UNK: That meeting is at 5 : 00. That's in half an hour.
Castle : If Blakely shows, we can find out what Pandora is and we can find Gage.
Castle : What do you say?