Beckett : Blakely should have been here by now.
Beckett : Maybe he knows that Tracy's dead
Beckett : or maybe Gage already killed him.
Castle : Choose the audacity of hope. I say he'll be here.
UNK: Then shouldn't you call Sophia?
Castle : And look like an a ss if I'm wrong?
Castle : You know, I have to admit,
Beckett : I'm actually kind of surprised that you've never mentioned her before.
Castle : I wasn't allowed to. She is an active CIA agent.
Lanie : I see.
Beckett : Look, if you want,
Castle : I will answer any question you have about her.
Castle : Anything at all.
Beckett : No, thanks.
Castle : Are you sure?
Beckett : Yeah, I mean, it's really none of my business.
UNK: Okay. Then we're done with it then.
UNK: Fine.
UNK: So, how close were the two of you, exactly?
Castle : There he is.
UNK: Come on, Castle, you said I could ask you anything.
Castle : No, seriously. There he is.
BECKETT : Dr. Blakely?
UNK: Dr. Charles Blakely : I'm afraid you've mistaken me for someone else.
Beckett : No, there is no mistake.
Blakely : How did you find me?
BECKETT : Through Tracy.
Beckett : She's dead.
Blakely : If they got to her, they can get to me.
Blakely : We need to leave here now.
Blakely : I always knew this day would come.
Blakely : But Tracy?
Beckett : Dr. Blakely, what's going on? What's Pandora?
Blakely : I need you to drive me to Pier 32.
Beckett : You're not in a positi on to bargain here.
Blakely : I got in this car voluntarily,
Blakely : and I'll get right back out if you don't take me where I want to go.
Castle : Okay, what's at Pier 32?
Blakely : Once we're there, I'll tell you what you want to know.
Castle : You were top of your field.
Castle : A professor, an advisor for the CIA. Why fake your own death?
Blakely : I brought down nations for the agency.
Blakely : I played God.
Blakely : But my Linchpin Theory didn't factor in the human cost.
Blakely : I knew they'd never let me leave, so I died.
Blakely : And was reborn.
Castle : And the only one who knew was Tracy.
Blakely : She was my lifeline. She steered consulting work my way.
UNK: I helped reduce cholera in Africa.
Blakely : I predicted that a lone act of civil disobedience
Blakely : would trigger an uprising and remake the Arab world.
Blakely : I did good things.
Blakely : Who killed her?