UNK: Lanie Parish : No ID, but lots of causes of death.
Castle : You mean, other than gravity?
Lanie : Oh, yeah. See that bullet wound?
Beckett : So he was shot before he fell?
Lanie : And stabbed.
Beckett : Shot and stabbed?
Lanie : And choked and has a pencil jammed in the side of his neck.
UNK: EXCLAIMS Gives new meaning to the term "overkill."
Beckett : Did anyone see his attacker?
Esposito : We're checking with witnesses.
UNK: But I figured that our perp slipped
Esposito : out of the building during all the confusion.
Beckett : All right, let's go see what they got.
Castle : Hey, Alexis. Hey.
UNK: Alexis?
Alexis : Hey, Dad.
Castle : What are you doing here?
Castle : Is this your new internship?
Alexis : Dr. Parish agreed to let me shadow her.
Alexis : I thought if I go to med school,
UNK: this will give me a better grasp of forensic pathology.
Alexis : I've learned so much in just two days.
UNK: Sweetie, why wouldn't you tell me?
Alexis : I guess I was afraid you'd veto it.
UNK: Like maybe you'd think me being here was invading your territory or...
UNK: What?
Castle : That's crazy! I wouldn't think that.
Castle : This is great! Yeah.
UNK: I don't know if you should be exposed to crime scenes and dead bodies.
Alexis : I'm already used to it. It's equal parts gross and cool.
Lanie : I heard that, and I couldn't agree with you more.
Alexis : I finally get why you're into this, Dad.
Alexis : Now I'm into it, too.
Castle : That's great!
UNK: Great.
Castle : My worlds are colliding.
Beckett : You mean Alexis?
Castle : You knew about this?
UNK: Come on, Castle. You're the one who said you wanted to find a way
UNK: of spending more time with her.
Castle : Not like this! This is my thing.
Castle : This is our thing. It's a violation of church and state.
Castle : This would be like me just showing up at her school and teaching.
Beckett : I really think that you're overreacting.
Castle : But what if I'm not?
Castle : What if this upsets the delicate synergy of our partnership?
Castle : What if it undermines our unit cohesion?
UNK: HISSES
Castle : See? Major problem.
Beckett : Not that. This.
CASTLE : That's a lot of blood.
Beckett : One of our witnesses saw a man leaving the building. He was limping.
Castle : Our suspect was injured.
Beckett : Yeah, and the trail goes that way.
Castle : A brutal killer betrayed by the frailty of his own flesh.
Castle : His path revealed by that most primal stain.
Castle : Except the path ends here.
Beckett : Multiple drops in one spot? He must've stood here for a minute.
Castle : He got into a car.
Beckett : If he did, maybe he got caught on tape.
UNK: First 911 call came at 8 : 42, just after our victim crash landed.
UNK: So our guy probably made it to the corner a minute or two later.
UNK: Hey, pretty cool about Alexis' internship.
UNK: Or not.
UNK: There. That's gotta be him.
Castle : He's wounded.
Castle : The cops are after him and he's looking for a place to go.
BECKETT : He's got a hostage.
Beckett : Track the taxi off the medallion number. Find out where it went.
UNK: WOMAN SCREAMS
UNK: NYPD! Let me see your hands!
Beckett : NYPD! Hands in the air!
ESPOSITO : Get up BECKETT : Show us your hands..
Beckett : Get up! Hands in the air!
ESPOSITO : Get up. Get up.
Esposito : Put your hands on your head.
Esposito : Hands on your head, now!
Esposito : Drop to your knees.
BECKETT : Thomas Gage.
Beckett : For the record, have I advised you of your rights?