Gates : I assume he snuck out of the back exit.
Ryan : Actually, he went out through the front door.
Ryan : This is him heading to the lobby.
Gates : Where did this man get a uniform?
Ryan : He stole it from the locker room.
Gates : Find out what else he did.
Gates : Check our security video and retrace his steps.
Gates : I want to know every move that he made.
UNK: Okay.
Beckett : Gage has been two steps ahead of us this whole time.
Castle : Not only that, but he must have a partner
Castle : who took John Doe from the morgue.
Beckett : Which still doesn't explain why he ended up wearing those blues.
Beckett : Why risk stealing a uniform when he could've just walked out of the building?
Ryan : I'll tell you why. He needed something inside our precinct.
Ryan : The guy got into our database.
Beckett : Looking for what?
Esposito : Not what. Who.
Esposito : Tracy McGrath of Queens.
Esposito : He ran her name, and I think I know why. Her address is unlisted.
Castle : What if getting arrested was part of Gage's plan?
Castle : So he could access our data for Tracy's address?
Beckett : All right, you guys pull u everything you can on Tracy.
Beckett : Castle and I will go over there now.
UNK: Okay.
Beckett : Her phone's going straight to voicemail.
Castle : What is her connection to all this?
Castle : Why is Gage so interested in her?
BECKETT : With any luck, she knows who Gage really is.
UNK: KNOCKING ON DOOR
Beckett : Tracy McGrath? NYPD.
UNK: Castle.
Beckett : Espo? Yeah, we got here too late.
Beckett : She's got one to the back of the head.
Beckett : Can you call Lanie and get her to bring CSU down here?
Esposito : Yeah, I'm on it.
Esposito : Captain Gates, looks like Tracy McGrath was Gage's next victim.
Gates : What do we know about her?
Ryan : Well, she's 33, no family. A scientist at a research foundation.
Martha : All right, talk to her co-workers.
Gates : Find out why Gage would've wanted her dead.
CASTLE : Looks like she's been here awhile.
UNK: Kate Beckett : Yeah, well, it makes sense.
Beckett : Gage escaped last night, he had a 10-hour lead on us.
Beckett : You stay put. I'm gonna check the rest of the place.
UNK: Castle? GUN COCKS
Alexis : Where is everybody?
Lanie : We usually beat the uniforms to the scene.
Lanie : It's not like they want to hurry and stand around.
Alexis : Just so you know, I'm not letting this victim out of my sight.
UNK: Crazy. What is?
Lanie : The fact that Richard Castle, a man unburdened by regret and guilt,
Lanie : has a child that carries the weight of the world.
Lanie : It is not on you that a dead man came up missing.
Alexis : Well, how often does something like that happen anyway?
Lanie : It never happens, honey, so relax. It was a freak thing.
Lanie : Bodies just don't disappear.
Lanie : Detective Beckett? Detective Beckett?