Castle : Yeah, realistically that's not...
Esposito : I'm gonna go on record and say that this sucks.
UNK: Sucks. And noted.
Beckett : Now let's move on to Tracy McGrath.
Beckett : Where'd she go after she left work?
Ryan : Well, according to her E-ZPass,
Ryan : she drove down the Jersey Turnpike
Ryan : and exited somewhere near Newark Airport.
Ryan : We're still trying to figure out where she went.
UNK: Maybe the answer is still at the crime scene.
BECKETT : There's no signs of forced entry or struggle.
Beckett : It's like she knew our killer, she let him in.
Beckett : She walked in front of him, and he shot her in the back of the head.
CASTLE : Which means she knew Gage.
UNK: So how is a climate scientist mixed up with a ruthless ex-CIA agent?
Beckett : And how is she connected to Pandora?
UNK: CLICKING
UNK: TIMER STARTS
UNK: TIMER STOPS
Beckett : There's gotta be something here that ties them together.
Castle : Well, she has excellent taste in cars.
UNK: There's an auto repair manua for a 1967 Pontiac GTO.
UNK: Hmm.
Castle : That's funny.
Castle : Keys are sitting on a pile of yesterday's mail.
Castle : She drove it before she died.
Beckett : Except there's no GTO on the street.
Castle : Or in the garage. So where's the car?
Ryan : I see a recurring charge on her credit card.
UNK: It looks like she's paying 100 bucks a month for Frenchie's Parking.
UNK: Hundred bucks? That's not gonna get you a space in Manhattan.
Ryan : Bingo. Billing info says that Frenchie's is in Elizabethport, New Jersey.
Beckett : That's right near Newark Airport.
UNK: So the mystery ride Tracy took has to do with the GTO.
Castle : There it is. Now that is some classic Motor City iron.
UNK: Four hundred cubic inches, with a Rochester four-barrel
UNK: and 360 horsepower.
Castle : You know muscle cars Oh, yeah?
Beckett : We should go to the track sometime, Castle.
Beckett : See who laps who.
Beckett : So, why do you think Tracy took off work to come down here?
Castle : Maybe to drive it to a clandestine, Pandora-related rendezvous?
Beckett : No, look at the dust on this This hasn't gone anywhere in a while.
Beckett : Castle, look.
Beckett : Maybe she came to stash something in the trunk.
Castle : Handprints, indicating someone's been in there.
BECKETT : Yeah.
Castle : That is not original equipment.
Beckett : No, but it's probably why she came here.
Castle : Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, wait a minute, wait a minute.
Sophia : We don't know what's in there.
UNK: Kate Beckett : Yeah, well, there's only one way to find out.
Castle : Yeah, but it might be Pandora, as in Pandora's box.
Castle : As in opening that could unleash an unstoppable tide of evil.
UNK: Castle, that's a myth.
Castle : I'm speaking metaphorically.
Castle : Gage is planning a catastrophic event, right?
Castle : So what if there's a doomsday device
Castle : in that case, set to go off when you open it?
Beckett : And ground zero is a parking garage in New Jersey? I doubt it.