Sophia : So I gave him one.
Beckett : You're Clara Strike? The Clara Strike from the Derrick Stormbooks?
Sophia : I wouldn't say that I am Clara Strike.
UNK: But I'd like to think that I inspired Rick in some small way.
Beckett : Well, that is just fascinating.
Sophia : You look good. You, too.
Beckett : Okay, so I hate to interrupt this reunion,
Beckett : but we're being illegally detained. At least I am.
Sophia : This is not a detention, this is a debriefing.
Sophia : Approved by the NYPD.
Sophia : Feel free to call Ted McQuinn.
Beckett : The Chief of Detectives?
Sophia : He assured me you'd give us your full cooperation.
Sophia : I need to know everything you know about Thomas Gage.
Beckett : No, not until you tell me what the hell is going on here.
UNK: Fine.
Sophia : But that would be getting into highly classified information
Sophia : regarding national security which,
Sophia : if you were to reveal it to anyone,
Sophia : would be considered a treasonable offense
Sophia : against the United States of America, punishable by death.
Sophia : So, you still want to know?
UNK: Martin Danberg : We recruited Thomas Gage out of SEAL Team Six in 1997.
UNK: Martin Danberg : Smart, highly trained, fluent in 11 languages,
UNK: Martin Danberg : Gage was our most effective asset.
UNK: Martin Danberg : We sent him into conflict zones,
UNK: Martin Danberg : failed states all over the world.
UNK: Martin Danberg : Gage was adept in every situation.
UNK: Unfortunately, he went rogue.
Sophia : Based on NSA intercepts,
Sophia : we believe that Gage is trying to initiate a catastrophic event
Sophia : which poses an imminent threat to the country.
Castle : So that man that Gage pushed out the window, he was CIA.
Sophia : Gary Harper. One of our best.
Sophia : We got a tip on Gage's whereabouts.
Sophia : We sent Harper to bring him in.
Sophia : Obviously, that operation didn't go as planned.
Castle : At which point you took the body from the morgue.
Danberg : This is a national security crisis.
Danberg : We didn't want the NYPD underfoot.
Beckett : Well, good to know.
Beckett : So how did you guys get on to Tracy McGrath?
UNK: We monitor data from your precinct.
Sophia : Her name came up, but unfortunately by the time our agent got there,
Sophia : she was already dead.
Castle : So why did Gage kill her?
Sophia : We were hoping you would know.
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGING
Sophia : You can go ahead and answer that.
Beckett : Yeah, I was planning on it.
UNK: Do you mind terribly putting it on speaker?
Beckett : Espo, you' re on speaker.
UNK: Yeah, so, word came down from Chief of Ds.
UNK: They said you were on some kind of special assignment.