Gage : Everything that you have on me or you think you have?
Gage : It's all going away.
Gage : And we're done here.
Beckett : This guy should be sweating bullets. This doesn't feel right.
Castle : It's like he knows something we don't.
Beckett : I want you to pull everything you can on Thomas Gage.
Ryan : Problem is, that's not his real name.
Ryan : His driver's license is bogus, and his prints aren't in the system.
UNK: The bottom line is we have no idea who this man is.
Tina : The guy was super calm the whole time.
UNK: Not big on chitchat, either.
Tina : His opening line was, "Get your ass in the cab or I'll kill you."
Beckett : And what about when you went back
Beckett : to your apartment? What did he talk about?
Tina : After he promised not to murder me,
Tina : he asked me to patch up his leg.
Tina : He had a real gash.
Beckett : Could you tell how he got the injury?
Tina : He said he got slashed with a knife while he was killing a guy.
Beckett : And he admitted that to you?
Tina : More like just made the statement.
Castle : And did he say who this guy was or why he killed him?
Tina : All he told me was that the man doesn't exist.
Tina : The man doesn't exist as far as I can tell.
Beckett : So you haven't ID'd him yet?
Lanie : Look, I'm trying, but his fingerprints aren't in any database.
Lanie : Which is weird, because I thought
Lanie : for sure he'd have a criminal record.
Castle : How come?
Lanie : It's not the first time this guy's mixed it up.
Lanie : Old gunshot wounds, calloused hands from martial arts training.
Lanie : More broken bones than Evel Knievel.
UNK: You're not gonna believe his x-rays.
Lanie : Where's my John Doe?
Lanie : Where's my John Doe?
Alexis : He was right there when I left. I was only gone a minute.
Lanie : I know he was right there. I was just about to cut him open.
Castle : Well, now he really doesn't exist.
Beckett : How does a body just vanish from a morgue?
Castle : I don't know, but Thomas Gage does.
UNK: Remember what he said? "Whatever you think you have is going away."
Castle : He's in on this.
Beckett : Espo, did Gage get transferred to Central Booking yet?
Esposito : No, he's still in holding.
UNK: He's gonna give us some answers.
Beckett : Where is this guy?
Esposito : He was here. I secured him myself.
Beckett : Lock down the precinct.
ESPOSITO : All right, move.
UNK: KEYBOARD CLATTERING
ALEXIS : Hey, Dad.
Alexis : I tried to wait up, but you must've gotten in really late.
UNK: And not by choice. Our suspect pulled a Houdini,
Castle : so they locked down the entire station.
Castle : But by then the mysterious, steely killer,
Castle : going by the nom de guerre of Thomas Gage,
Castle : was long gone.
UNK: I'm writing up notes on this case.
Castle : Solid gold material for my next book.
Alexis : Wait, the guy who threw John Doe out the window? He escaped?
UNK: Uh-huh.