Sophia : I wouldn't put you in this position,
Sophia : but this man has to be stopped.
Sophia : Can I count on you for your help?
UNK: Yes.
CASTLE : You realize what this means?
Castle : We're spies.
Castle : This is like being in a Jason Bourne movie,
Castle : only he's the bad guy, and the CIA are the good guys.
Beckett : That remains to be seen.
Castle : Ooh, wait, I've got to see those direct-dial icons they put on our phones.
UNK: Hey, why is mine a panic button?
Beckett : I guess she really does know you well.
Castle : Okay, you're upset.
Beckett : I'm not upset. Then what are you?
UNK: I am just a little bit uncomfortable with the new command structure.
Beckett : I don't like keeping secrets from my own people.
Castle : You're sure this isn't about Sophia?
Beckett : No, why would it be?
Castle : I don't know. Maybe because I based a character on her?
Beckett : Don't flatter yourself, Castle. It's not that big an honor.
Castle : Good. Because Sophia is on our side. We're on the same team.
Beckett : And that doesn 't concern you?
UNK: You don't think th at that will undermine our unit cohesion?
Castle : Hey, I am willing to let that slide
Castle : in the interest of national security.
UNK: Kate Beckett : Yeah, well, I guess I am, too.
Beckett : It's just, I might have been a little bit taken aback to find out that
UNK: you had researched with someone else.
Castle : Look, it was never the way it is with you and me.
Castle : I just hung out with her for a while
UNK: to lend some authenticity to Clara Strike.
Castle : It was a brief moment, a long time ago.
Castle : Besides, Nikki Heat is a far more complex and nuanced a character.
Castle : She is.
Castle : And I'm a far more experienced writer.
Castle : More mature.
Castle : One out of two is... Mmm.
Beckett : So how long did the two of you hang out?
Beckett : A year? That's your idea of a brief moment?
Castle : I was young, and she had a lot to teach me.
UNK: Ha! Yeah, I'll bet!
Castle : About the shadowy world of espionage.
Beckett : Let me ask you this.
Beckett : How many other women have you semi-stalked in the name of research?
Castle : Is this a trick question?
Beckett : You know what? I don't even want to know.
Gates : Detective Beckett, Mr. Castle. Good of you to drop by.
Gates : So, tell me about this special assignment of yours.
Beckett : I'm afraid I can't, sir.
Gates : Excuse me?
UNK: Yes. It's on a "need to know" basis.
Gates : And I need to know.
Beckett : Sir, I think that the Chief of Detectives would back me up on this one.
Gates : Well, we'll see about that.
UNK: LAUGHS Did you see how mad she was?
UNK: God, that was so good!
Ryan : So, seriously. What's going on?
Beckett : Guys, I'm sorry, we really can't talk about it.
UNK: Come on. This is us.
Castle : No, hey, sorry, boys.
Castle : Classified. Top secret.
UNK: Our eyes only. DEFCON1.
Castle : And if I did tell you,
Castle : well, then I'd have to kill you.
UNK: Yeah? Good luck with that.