UNK: short circuits the adrenals
UNK: which short circuits the heart.
House : Blah, blah, blah, blah.
House : Who cares about the medical mumbo-jumbo?
House : Tell him the treatment.
UNK: Well, it's complicated.
House : Doctors always wanna make everything
House : sound so complicated. It's Nabasynth.
UNK: What? Nabasynth.
Chase : Yes. So all we have to do now is write a prescription
Chase : and have him pick up the pills.
Donny : That's it?
Donny : I take some pills, I'm gonna be okay?
House : The real tragedy here is that the Tiburon swab technology didn't exist
House : to detect Ortoli back in your dad's day.
UNK: He could have lived?
Donny : Thank you.
House : If you'll sign these discharge papers,
House : I'll get you a bottle of meds.
House : Take one twice a day for a week,
House : you'll live a long, healthy life.
Wilson : Answer the door, House. It's gotta be for you.
House : Are you watching TV?
Wilson : It's the door!
House : Were you on the phone? No.
House : Just now, were you talking?
Foreman : No, I'm alone.
Foreman : You okay, House?
House : Why are you here?
Foreman : Donny collapsed four hours after we discharged him. He's dead.
Foreman : His apartment manager found him on the floor in the laundry room.
UNK: He said he wasn't breathing.
Foreman : He called the EMTs, but it was too late.
House : I sent the guy home with mints.
Foreman : Whatever it is, we all missed it.
UNK: Yeah. I missed the fact that there was something to miss.
House : What is wrong with me?
Foreman : You had good reason.
Foreman : Patient presented with no symptoms,
Foreman : and all his tests came back negative.
House : What's the official cause of death?
Foreman : Autopsy hasn't been performed yet.
Foreman : EMTs brought him to General,
Foreman : but I requested they ship him back
Foreman : to our morgue for the post-mortem.
UNK: Good.
Chase : Hon? Wake up.
Cameron : Why are you dressed? You can't sleep?
Chase : I want to go tell Cheryl that Donny died.
UNK: It's 4 : 00 in the morning.
Chase : They're nearly two hours away.
Chase : I figure by the time I get there, she'll be awake.
Cameron : Babe, come back to bed. Call her in a few hours.
Chase : It's the sort of thing she needs to hear face-to-face.
Cameron : Is everything okay?
Chase : Everything's fine. Why?
House : Last week, I understood
Cameron : that you were stressed out about the Dibala M&M,
Cameron : and I gave you your space. But that's over now, and you're still acting...
Cameron : I'm worried about you.
UNK: Don't be. I'm fine.
UNK: Really.
Cameron : And you'd tell me if you weren't?
UNK: Promise?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Hey.
Cameron : I love you.
Chase : I love you, too.
Foreman : Donny Compson, age 39.