House : Where there's pain, there's nerves.
House : Hereditary Sensory Autonomic Neuropathy, type 1.
UNK: Miscommunication in the brain stem
Foreman : mistakes nerve pain for tooth pain.
UNK: That explains the bradycardia, too.
House : And I like the word "hereditary" in the title.
Foreman : Carbamazepine fixes him.
Cameron : I'll get him started on the medication. No.
House : Chase specifically asked if he could do it.
House : Sleep at home.
Chase : So I didn't do the gamma survey.
UNK: Was it bone cancer?
UNK: No.
UNK: Then you should congratulate me for not wasting your time.
House : Are you getting some help,
House : or is this the way things are gonna be from now on?
House : What's pathetic is
House : you haven't gotten help because you want to feel bad.
House : You want to suffer.
UNK: Because if you feel guilty, then you're not a psychopath.
House : Patient needs some carbamazepine.
House : Now I don't care how much that room scares you,
House : you're doing your job.
Donny : How long before you cross this one off the list?
Chase : Couple of hours.
Chase : You ever shoot anyone?
UNK: Twice.
Chase : You ever kill anyone?
UNK: No. But I know a few guys who did, though.
Chase : Did they ever get over it?
Donny : A captain I know compares it to taking out the trash.
Donny : Like it's nothing.
Donny : Other hand, I got an ex-partner
Donny : who nearly drank himself into oblivion.
Chase : Did he get help?
UNK: Yeah.
Donny : Help didn't help.
Wilson : Oh, God!
Chase : What is it?
Donny : I went to the bathroom.
Chase : Patient's lost bowel control.
Chase : Means we were wrong about HSAN
UNK: and means he's getting worse, fast.
House : Wouldn't want to be the duty nurse assigned to his floor.
House : Get it? "Doody" nurse?
House : Fine, do the doctor thing.
Foreman : An autoimmune disorder could explain...
Foreman : We put him on steroids, he didn't respond. It's not autoimmune.
Cameron : Could be Wilson's Disease.
House : Disease that advanced would've hit the liver.
UNK: It is possible the liver is so far gone, the labs look normal.
Foreman : It's worth a shot.
House : Go treat with penicillamine.
House : And when he doesn't get better, come back quickly,
House : so we can get one more shot at it.
Chase : Bless me, Father, for I have sinned.
Priest : Take your time.
Priest : How long has it been since your last confession?
Chase : I killed a man.
UNK: Oh.
Foreman : But it was the right thing to do.
Priest : Who lives or dies is not your decision to make.
Chase : Sometimes in the operating room, it feels like it.
Chase : I'm a doctor.
Priest : Well, then you should know more than anybody
Priest : that every human life is sacred.
UNK: Why?
Chase : Tell me what's sacred about a dictator
Chase : that kills hundreds of thousands of his own people.
Priest : What is sacred about a doctor who kills a patient?
Chase : Is it just the slippery slope you're worried about?
Chase : Afraid that forgiving me for killing
Chase : the worst person on earth sets a bad precedent?
Chase : I promise, I won't tell anyone.
Chase : Just forgive me.
UNK: Saying 10 Hail Marys isn't going to do you any good.
Chase : Then what do I have to do?
Chase : What does God need me to do?
Cameron : You can't have absolution
Priest : without first taking responsibility.
Priest : You have to turn yourself in to the police.
Chase : What, and... And go to jail for the rest of my life?
Chase : What's just about that?
Chase : I did the right thing.
Chase : There has to be another way.
Priest : You want absolution, I told you how to get it.