House : Gosh, the great thing about the teacher-student relationship
House : is the teacher can often learn more from the student.
House : Have you learned anything yet?
Cheryl : You have a son.
Cheryl : I was pregnant when we broke up.
Cheryl : I'm sorry I never told you,
Cheryl : but I knew how you felt about having kids.
Donny : You had no right.
UNK: Maybe.
Cheryl : It's a little late for that.
Cheryl : He's here. He wants to meet you.
Cheryl : I don't want to meet him.
Cheryl : I've never asked you for a dime.
Cheryl : He's here to help find whatever's wrong with your heart.
Donny : I didn't ask him. I didn't want him.
Cheryl : Just say hi to him.
Michael : Hi. I'm Michael.
UNK: Hi.
Michael : I'm your...
UNK: Yeah. Your mother told me.
Michael : When you get better,
Michael : maybe we could do something.
Michael : See a movie?
UNK: No.
Donny : My dad died when I was your age.
Donny : It was the most painful thing I ever went through.
Donny : Trust me. As much as I'm sure
Donny : this hurts right now, it's better.
Donny : Please take him out of here.
Brian : Come on.
Foreman : Chromosomes for 28 cardiovascular conditions
UNK: are normal in number and structure.
Foreman : No translocations, deletions or inversions.
House : I did notice that the kid's D-A-D-D-Y chromosome
House : has been severely damaged
House : by someone else's bleeding heart chromosome.
Cameron : It was the only way to get Michael to do the marrow biopsy.
House : I'm sure there are plenty of lies
UNK: that would've worked just as well,
House : except without the years of therapy.
Cameron : Don't you have school?
UNK: Recess.
House : So where does that leave us? Chase?
Chase : Sorry, what?
UNK: I was saying, do you think these shoes work in this color?
Chase : Send him home. He's not going to believe he's healthy.
House : Then you're not very good at your job.
House : You don't deserve candy.
Cameron : He's been preparing his whole life to die at age 40.
Cameron : He's had dozens of doctors tell him he's fine.
Cameron : You think you can change his thinking?
House : Yeah, I do. Chase, walk with me.
House : Great contributions back there.
Chase : There's no case. I had nothing to add.
House : You had nothing to add because you were distracted.
House : Little devil on your shoulder told you to kill a guy,
House : and now the little angel won't shut up,
House : telling you you're gonna burn in a lake of fire.
Chase : I'm fine.
House : You shouldn't be.
House : Talk to someone. Docs fixed me up in seven weeks.
UNK: You are 10 minutes, tops.
UNK: Thanks.
House : Glad we had this little moment. Come on.
House : I'm Dr. House.
Donny : You couldn't find anything, could you?
House : You have Ortoli Syndrome. Dr. Chase?
Chase : You sure?
House : Tests don't lie.
UNK: Right.
UNK: Well, it's a very rare disorder that