Cuddy : Send this in to the State Licensing Board.
Cuddy : I've signed off on all your hours.
UNK: Why?
Cuddy : Because it's easier this way.
House : You're uncomfortable with me.
UNK: No.
Cuddy : Going by the book was pointless.
Cameron : You were gonna learn nothing.
House : Good. I thought it was because of the sexual tension.
House : There was no sexual tension.
House : There was tension.
House : And it made me feel funny, so...
UNK: Here.
UNK: It's too bad.
House : I was kind of getting into the whole "hot for teacher" thing.
Cuddy : You sure you're okay?
House : Yeah. False alarm.
House : What about us?
Cuddy : We're good. Just like this.
Cuddy : You press my buttons, I press yours.
UNK: By "buttons," you mean...
UNK: Huh.
House : You do make me feel funny.
House : You're not gonna die.
Donny : I've accepted it. It's okay.
House : In addition to high arches
House : and some crystal bowl in the shape of a tuna,
House : you also inherited a self-destruct button.
House : Forms in the brain stem.
House : Technically, it's an aneurysm, presses on nerves
House : that control everything from tooth pain to heart rate.
House : As you get older, it gets bigger,
UNK: until finally the button, which I'll call "intracranial berry aneurysm,"
UNK: because I had a friend in high school with that name, stops the signal
House : from your brain to your heart and bam!
Donny : How do I know you're not still lying to me?
Donny : Saying I'm healthy just to make me feel better?
House : It does sound that way, doesn't it?
House : But this time, no sugar pills.
UNK: I'm going to cut into your brain
House : to make you think that I'm fixing it.
House : And if our fake tests confirm it,
UNK: I'm going to be cutting into your son's brain, too.
UNK: Because I'm just that committed.
UNK: Michael is going to be okay?
House : Unless he walks out of here and gets run over by a bus,
House : in which case, I will reconsider your fate argument.
UNK: You wanna give him a call? Visiting hours don't apply to my patients.
Donny : Yeah. In a bit.
House : Yeah, that's what I thought.
House : The "saving the kid from pain" stuff was crap.
House : You just don't want anything in your life that won't let you do
House : whatever the hell you want to do
House : whenever the hell you want to do it.
House : You've had it easy. Sorry to screw you up.
UNK: Mom.
Donny : Maybe when we get out of here...
Donny : What kind of movies you like?
Cameron : He's been missing for eight hours. Robert Chase. C-H-A-S...
UNK: Hey!
Cameron : Never mind. He just walked in. Sorry.
Cameron : You could've called me.
Chase : I forgot. To call me?
UNK: It's 2 : 00 in the morning. Where were you?
UNK: You're drunk.
Chase : All right, I...
Chase : I needed to get wasted. I did.
Chase : And now I'm better.
Cameron : What aren't you telling me?
UNK: Nothing.
House : Hi, Dad.
House : I think I've been
House : focusing on the wrong thing.
Foreman : There were some good times.
House : Wilson, this is stupid!
Wilson : You see?
Wilson : He really is getting better.