Cameron : What do you remember?
Donny : I was changing my laundry over to the dryer.
Donny : That's it? You were declared dead.
Cameron : You made it all the way to autopsy.
Donny : My jaw aches.
Donny : And obviously, I don't have Ortoli Syndrome.
Donny : It's hard to get too excited
Donny : about coming back from the dead
Donny : when anything I do, anything you give me, it all ends the same way.
Ayala : Outer and middle ear respond well.
Ayala : Hearing thresholds are normal at all frequencies.
Ayala : Eardrum is perfectly healthy.
House : What if I...
UNK: What if I sometimes hear whispering?
Ayala : Then you're probably hearing someone whispering.
House : I had some dental work done
House : in the Philippines when I was a kid.
House : Adjoining metal fillings could corrode and pick up AM radio signals.
Ayala : Open your mouth.
Ayala : Your fillings don't touch.
House : So there's no reason for me to be hearing things?
Ayala : I can only tell you that you're hearing sounds as you should.
Ayala : If you're also hearing sounds that you shouldn't,
Ayala : that would be a psychosis.
Ayala : You'd have to talk to someone who does brain. I only do ears.
Cuddy : Bravo. It's amazing how you did 120 hours in one day.
House : I wasn't on my best behavior, I admit. Allow me.
Cuddy : From now on, I'm gonna supervise your practicum requirements.
House : That won't be necessary.
Cuddy : You want to annoy another doctor first? Eventually...
House : It's not necessary because I'm not ready to be a doctor again.
Cheryl : I'm sorry.
Wilson : Are you sleeping out here?
UNK: I just dozed off in front of the TV.
Wilson : With bedding? Maybe.
House : I can't sleep in there, the heater's screwed up.
Wilson : If you need to talk, if you need more help...
House : I'm just tired.
Wilson : ...I'm right here.
House : Great. Can you be right here somewhere else?
Donny : My jaw still hurts. My tooth, actually. A lot.
Nurse : I'm sorry, you're maxed out on your pain meds.
Nurse : Try to sleep.
Chase : Dentist looked at the tooth the guy pulled out.
Chase : There was nothing wrong with it.
Foreman : So aside from him being an idiot, what else did we learn?
Cameron : The pain is real. It's coming from somewhere.
Cameron : What about bone cancer?
Chase : You can't connect bone cancer to the heart.
Chase : House figure this can wait till the morning?
Foreman : Actually, he told Cuddy he's not ready to work.
Cameron : He quit? Apparently.
Chase : It's a power play. He'll be back tomorrow.
Foreman : Bone cancer could trigger a paraneoplastic syndrome,
Foreman : which shuts down the heart.
Chase : Primary bone cancer isn't hereditary.
Cameron : Li-Fraumeni Syndrome.
Cameron : It's hereditary and it increases
Cameron : a person's risk of having bone cancer.
Cameron : You have another theory?
Chase : My theory is it's not bone cancer.
Foreman : Gamma survey would locate the tumors.