Colin : You cops have no idea what's about to go down,
UNK: what Dolan's really into.
UNK: I don't care what he's into. I want him, and I want my people.
Colin : You know what I want? My lawyer.
Esposito : He knows. He knows where they are.
Esposito : A few minutes alone in there, I can get him to talk about it, too.
UNK: What Dolan's really into?
Ryan : So there's no O'Reilly family feud. That's basically what he just said.
Ryan : - So why is everybody scrambling? - What's that matter?
Ryan : Well, if we understand what Dolan was into,
Ryan : it might tell us where to find him.
Esposito : Where are you going?
UNK: I wanna see if Tech can lip-read that video of him and Father McMurtry.
Ryan : Let's find out what he was talking about, huh?
Beckett : They're still out there.
Beckett : It doesn't look like they know where we are,
Beckett : but they'll figure it out eventually.
Castle : Well, they are not getting through here.
UNK: But the door to the shop upstairs opens from the other side.
Leo : Oh, great. So when they figure out we're down here,
UNK: they can come through there.
Beckett : We'll be long gone by then.
Leo : How? Okay?
Leo : We're even farther from the subway now and I hurt my ankle.
Castle : I'll find something to tape it up.
Leo : Screw tape.
UNK: Can you find me another ankle in these boxes?
Leo : Otherwise, I'm not making it eight blocks.
UNK: We may not have to.
UNK: This is a menu from a 24-hour Chinese restaurant two blocks from here.
Beckett : If we can get there, we should be able to get some help.
Beckett : We just gotta wait for this guy to leave.
UNK: Did you find some tape?
Castle : Yes, I did.
Castle : I also found a box of tools and a broken CB radio.
Castle : But I think I can get it to work.
Leo : Great. You have an engineering degree or electronics experience?
Castle : No. But I've seen every episode of MacGyver.
UNK: What?
Beckett : I didn't say anything.
Castle : No, you didn't have to.
UNK: At least I'm offering real-world solutions, Castle, not TV ones.
Leo : Okay, I'm sorry, what's wrong with you two?
Leo : There are people outside that wanna kill us.
Leo : - So what's the problem? - There is no problem.
Leo : - No, there's a problem. - It's nothing.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Castle : We had dinner with the parents, and her dad...
Beckett : My dad? More like your mom.
Ryan : Oh. Oh.
Leo : Okay. So you guys, you're not just partners.
UNK: You're... Partners.
Leo : I get it. Okay.
UNK: I've done over 1,000 hours of therapy, granted, as a patient.
Leo : But I picked up a few things, and I can tell you this much.
Leo : This thing, it's not about your folks, okay?
Leo : That's just an excuse.
Leo : This fight, it's about the two of you.
Martha : I doubt the NYPD would appreciate
Martha : the hole I've been pacing in that break room floor.
Martha : I thought I'd join you.
UNK: Oh.
Martha : - I brought you that. - Thank you.
Martha : Oh, it's awful.
Jim : It's fine. I just normally take my coffee black.
Martha : - Oh. - Well, you know, simple, boring.
Martha : Oh, no, you don't think I think you're boring? I...
UNK: No, it's fine, it's fine. It's fine...
Jim : Look, that whole dinner party thing was...
UNK: Just seemed so absurd.
UNK: - Baseball is... lf, is... - It's fine.
UNK: Yes, it's fine.
Martha : Jim, I don't know how you do this.
Martha : You know, I thought I would get used to this new part of Richard's life,
UNK: that constant danger, and the never knowing, and I...
Martha : But I really thought there would come a moment,
Martha : just a moment,
Martha : when the worry would stop.
Jim : Katie's been doing this for more than a decade now,