Gates : Only we've never been able to make a case against him.
Esposito : Yo. Unis came back from Dolan's apartment.
Esposito : Looks like he hasn't been there in a while.
UNK: Does the Organized Crime Task Force know where he is?
Esposito : They say that he's been off their radar the past few days.
Esposito : Word is, there's something big going on.
Esposito : Maybe a turf war or a power struggle within the O'Reilly family.
Esposito : There may be bloodshed, so they figure that Dolan went underground.
Ryan : Guy took out a priest. We can't just let him disappear.
Gates : No, no. Even if we knew where he was, we don't have enough to charge him.
Gates : Shoot Beckett Dolan's mug shot. See if their witness can ID him.
UNK: Yeah. We're on it.
UNK: Is it them?
Beckett : Yeah, that's them.
Castle : Well, our night has officially been trashed.
UNK: Hurry, Castle, the pay phone, before they get back.
Castle : I can't believe they still have these things.
Castle : All right, does anybody have a... A dollar? Are you kidding me?
Beckett : You don't need coins to call 91... We got to keep moving.
UNK: Oh, great. That's just great.
Leo : We're stuck in the outer borough with two mobsters trying to kill us
Leo : and no means of contact to the outside world.
Beckett : Leo, would you just relax? Okay?
Beckett : We just gotta find a phone.
UNK: Are there any 24-hour businesses around here?
Leo : No. Not that I know of.
Castle : Maybe we can borrow a cell from someone.
Leo : Yeah, from who? Around here,
Leo : no one's out this time of night unless they have a death wish.
UNK: Leo.
UNK: Oh, my God, this is insane. This kind of stuff doesn't happen to me.
Leo : I'm a paper salesman. I sell paper!
UNK: Leo!
Beckett : - Can you focus? - Yes.
UNK: You're gonna be okay, we're all gonna be okay.
UNK: We just have to contact my precinct.
Leo : - Yeah, how? - I think I know.
Esposito : Yo, Captain.
Esposito : We got a problem.
Gates : Okay, what's your problem?
Ryan : We tried to send Dolan's mug shot, but we can't reach Beckett or Castle.
Esposito : We called their phones, Beckett's radio, even called Castle's mom.
Gates : Did you ping her cruiser?
Esposito : Yeah. GPS shows it's heading down the Jersey Turnpike.
Gates : Ryan, have troopers intercept that car.
Gates : And, Esposito, go to that witness's address.
Gates : Find out what the hell's going on.
Esposito : Right on.
Beckett : Castle, it's not working.
Castle : It will. I'm disturbing the peace. They'll have no choice but to...