UNK: Martha Rodgers : In celebration of our finally getting together for dinner,
UNK: Martha Rodgers : I have made
UNK: Martha Rodgers : a very special dessert.
UNK: Kate Beckett : Martha, that looks incredible!
Martha : It's to die for. Literally.
UNK: I call it "Death by Chocolate."
UNK: Richard Castle : Now, given your baking experience, is that a prediction?
UNK: Ha-ha-ha.
UNK: Jim Beckett : I take it cooking's not one of your talents, Martha.
UNK: Well, not really.
Martha : I sort of save my creative energy to perfect a more worthy craft, acting.
Castle : And what about you, Jim? How's the law treating you?
UNK: Uh, good. I've got a class action lawsuit that's keeping me pretty busy.
UNK: Nice.
Martha : Oh. Well, I hope you find time to cut loose,
Martha : Jim, and just do something fun.
Jim : Well, of course, I try to take in a baseball game every now and again.
Martha : Ooh, Lord. Baseball. Isn't that dreadfully dull?
UNK: Well, it requires a certain patience.
Martha : A certain lack of pulse, you mean.
Beckett : I think what my dad responds to is the game's nuance.
Martha : Oh, well, yes, of course. It has its merits.
Castle : Yeah, I think my mother just means it's not exactly action-packed.
Beckett : Right, but that would depend on how you look at it, right?
UNK: Yeah, I mean, I suppose it does appeal to the more serious,
Jim : more discerning crowd.
UNK: Jim,
Martha : what exactly does that mean?
Jim : Just that, actors, by their nature,
Jim : aren't the most serious people in the world, right?
Martha : Oh, is that so? So you think I'm not a serious person?
UNK: How about if we dive into this dessert?
Castle : 'Cause honestly that whole death thing
Castle : is sounding pretty good right now.
UNK: There's been a murder downtown.
Castle : Close enough.
Beckett : I'm so sorry that we have to run.
Martha : You two be careful.
Castle : Yeah, you guys, too.
Castle : I'm just saying, there have been worse dinners.
Beckett : Like what?
Castle : Well, the dining scene from Alien comes to mind.
Beckett : Honestly, a creature bursting out of my dad's chest
Beckett : might have lightened the mood.
UNK: Guess we should've expected it. They come from such different worlds.
Beckett : Yeah, well, your mom should've been more sensitive to that.
Castle : Wait, what?
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Ooh! You look nice.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Lipstick, huh? Date night?
Beckett : No. Dinner with her dad and my mom.
Esposito : Wow. Already? How'd that go?
Esposito : Okay. Well, speaking of fathers, we have one right over here.
UNK: Father Joe McMurtry, 52.
Esposito : Real estate lady showed up to show the property...
Castle : And found religion instead.
Beckett : So, do we know what our victim was doing in an abandoned building?
Esposito : Not yet, and he's a long way from home. His parish is uptown.
Beckett : Time of death?
UNK: Between 7 : 00 and 10 : 00 last night.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Likely cause of death, three to the chest.
Esposito : That's a tight grouping. Killer's a marksman.
Lanie : Careful, too. He picked up all the spent shell casings.
Beckett : Security cams?
Esposito : None of them are pointed at this building.
Beckett : Well, this looks like the work of a pro.
Castle : Someone had a priest assassinated?
Castle : It's like a Vatican conspiracy. Ah. It's The Da Vinci Code.
Dolan : Or not.
Beckett : So why don't we look into McMurtry's life
Beckett : and see if anyone had motive.
Esposito : A nun is meeting us downtown.
Esposito : She worked closely with him, so she might be able to shed some light.
UNK: Thanks. Yeah. We got it.
Martha : So, uh...
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Unis on the canvass got a hit on Chumson's Tavern.
UNK: Bartender there, Jerry Jenkins, says he knows about the murder,
UNK: but he'll only speak to a detective.
UNK: Okay, Castle and I'll talk to him. You guys chat with the nun.
UNK: Whoa, whoa, whoa. Wait a second. We're interviewing a nun?