Castle : Kate, we're not our parents, all right?
UNK: And when I said "two different worlds," I didn't mean...
Trucker : Heads up. I'm passing a nasty wreck on the BQE.
Castle : Hello? Hello? Can you hear me?
Castle : Maybe I'm not speaking the right language.
Castle : Breaker, breaker, I got a Mama Bear
Castle : and two Joes who need a ride back to the bear cave.
Castle : I once had Derrick Storm beat up a trucker.
Trucker : Someone's cutting in. Ah, it's just static.
Castle : Hello? Do you copy? Can you copy me?
Beckett : The mic must be broken.
UNK: Hey, hey! The guy's gone!
UNK: This is gonna be our best chance to make a run for the Chinese restaurant.
Castle : Okay. I'll go.
Beckett : No, we go together.
Castle : What? With his ankle? And we can't leave him alone.
Castle : And one of us has a better chance of going unnoticed.
Beckett : Castle, I'm the cop.
Castle : Which is why you should stay with the witness.
Castle : Besides, it's him they want dead, not me.
Leo : Thanks for the reminder.
UNK: Hey.
Castle : Don't worry.
Castle : I'll bring you back a doggie bag.
UNK: All right. Just be inconspicuous.
Castle : Just an average white guy walking in the Bronx,
Castle : middle of the night. What could go wrong?
Ryan : So we think we know what
Ryan : Mickey and our victim were fighting about.
Ryan : Camera was too far away, so Tech couldn't read their lips.
Esposito : But we found something else.
Esposito : Look what happens right after Mickey leaves.
Esposito : Check out the guys in the car.
Gates : Those are federal agents.
Ryan : Looks like McMurtry was informing on Dolan to the feds.
Esposito : Which explains why Mickey Dolan wanted him dead.
Gates : And if the feds had eyes on Dolan, they may know where he is.
Beckett : Chinese restaurant.
Beckett : Chinese restaurant.
UNK: Something smells delicious.
UNK: You don't wanna do that.
UNK: I'm so sorry about kicking you in the... You know.
Castle : No hard feelings, right?
UNK: We're all good? We're all good.
UNK: I don't know. Kind of depends on you.
UNK: Nervous?
UNK: No. I'm just trying to send a message.
Beckett : They can hear static when I press the button.
Beckett : So I thought I'd send an SOS, but...