Cameron : Onset immediately after I.V.I.G. isn't.
House : There is a simple explanation.
House : Maybe she really has bugs under her skin.
UNK: Infection? - That's what a worsening of symptoms after immunotherapy would suggest.
Foreman : Blood cultures and the timeline rule out most bacteria.
House : Patient throws up on your shoes, do you clean up most of it?
Foreman : The symptoms rule out the rest. Serology rules out viruses.
UNK: C.S.F. smears rule out parasites.
House : In the final stage of African trypanosomiasis...
House : almost all the parasites are inside the brain.
House : It's possible they wouldn't show on smears.
Foreman : But it's not possible for a patient who's never been to Africa to have African sleeping sickness.
House : - I'm just saying it fits the symptoms. - She could've got it from a transfusion.
UNK: Or I'm just saying she could've got it from a transfusion. - Which she never had.
UNK: Okay. What about toxins?
Foreman : No, the kitchen she works in is cleaner than some hospitals.
Foreman : But they do serve rabbit.
Foreman : Rabbit fever fits her symptoms.
Chase : Tularemia initially presents with a rash or ulcer near the infection site.
UNK: Not if she inhaled it. Chopping the meat with the cleaver could easily aerosolize the bacteria.
Cameron : - No. Then she'd have respiratory symptoms. - Maybe she ignored it, figured she had a cold.
House : We rejected Lyme disease because the couple would have noticed a rash,
House : but a wet, hacking cough is just gonna slip right by?
Foreman : It's either that or she missed her exit on the turnpike and wound up in Africa.
UNK: Okay, two lousy ideas.
House : Unfortunately, they're better than all the other ideas.
House : Tularemia. Bizarre.
House : Very nice. That's why I ride you.
UNK: Stay tuned... Did he just turn on the TV?
Wilson : He needs to think.
Chase : So this should tell us whether or not she's got rabbit fever?
Cameron : For a diagnosis of tularemia you need a fourfold increase in serum antibody levels.
Cameron : To measure an increase you need a before. All we have is an after.
Chase : A single titer over 160 would be a big clue. - "That's why I ride you".
UNK: What does that mean? When I have a good idea it's because of him?
Chase : Actually, I think he said your idea was a lousy idea.
Cameron : It has to be one of these two conditions. I say we take our best guess and start treatment. Or treat both.
Chase : The treatment for tularemia can cause aplastic anemia.
Foreman : - How come he doesn't ride you guys? - Got a crush on you.
Chase : - He just doesn't know how to show it. - Get over it. He rides everybody.
Chase : The treatment for sleeping sickness kills one in 10 patients. - We start with the safer treatment.
Foreman : By "safer", you mean the one that's slightly less likely to kill her.