Cameron : She's been averaging 18 hours of sleep a day since her admission.
House : Clinical depression. Incredibly contagious.
House : Every time I'm around one of them, I get blue. It's not clinical depression.
UNK: Great. Got it all figured out. You don't need me.
Cameron : Three E.R. doctors, two neurologists and a radiologist have all figured out what it's not.
UNK: We need to figure out what it is. If any of the above-mentioned doctors...
House : were interested in my opinion, they would have asked for it.
Cameron : None of them are willing to subject themselves to you.
House : No pain, no gain.
UNK: The blood work shows no signs of inflammation,
Cameron : and no one can figure out what's actually the cause... Ah.
UNK: What? Husband described her as being unusually irritable recently.
UNK: And? I didn't realize it was possible for a woman to be unusually irritable.
Cameron : Nice try, but you're a misanthrope, not a misogynist.
House : What's the first thing you ask a doctor who's referring a patient?
Cameron : Are you questioning my ability to take a history?
Cameron : What's the primary... Not "What." "Why?".
Cameron : Diseases don't have motives. No, but doctors do.
House : Why this patient? What interests you?
House : Give me the chart. Why?
House : I find your interest interesting.
UNK: She's irritable and sleeping 18 hours a day.
Foreman : What's interesting about that?
UNK: Hypersomnia's usually accompanied by irritability in depressed patients.
House : True, but not relevant. She's not depressed.
Foreman : Hello. She's sleeping 18 hours a day. Fever.
House : Clinical depression does not cause fever.
Foreman : - She could be sick and depressed. - She's sick.
UNK: Oh, damn it. Why didn't I think of that?
UNK: - Yeah, that's what I meant. - Elevated sed rate indicates inflammation.
Foreman : Hypersomnia and personality changes point toward the brain.
House : Not the spleen?
House : Thank goodness we hired a neurologist.
House : Brain symptoms. Hmm. Could this be a brain problem?
Cameron : No other systemic signs of inflammation. Probably not vasculitis.
Chase : What about parasites? Malaria, Chagas.
UNK: But the patient's never been outside of the United States... especially the tropics.
Chase : You mean she claims she's never been outside the U.S. - Very good.
UNK: Doesn't matter. Blood and C.S.F. smears show no sign of parasites.
UNK: Has to be a tumor then. - A tumor sitting directly on top of the brain stem...
Foreman : that three E.R. doctors, two neurologists and a radiologist missed?
House : Partridge in a pear tree missed it too.
House : Redo the blood work, and get a new M.R.I. with two-millimeter cuts through the mesodiencephalic.
House : And check for evil stepmothers.
House : This much sleep usually indicates poison apples.
UNK: Anything else besides the shortness of breath?
UNK: Mrs. Campbell : Not really. It's actually just kind of a tightness.
House : You smoke? No, never.
House : - Exercise? - Eight hours a day.
UNK: Mrs. Campbell : - I teach preschool. - Sounds fun.
House : Any history of heart disease in your family?
UNK: Mrs. Campbell : Not that I know of. Take a deep breath.
House : Been under a lot of stress lately? No more than usual.
House : You're probably just a little anemic.
UNK: I'm gonna do an E.K.G. just to make sure.
UNK: Do I need to take this off? Uh, no. You can just pull that down in front.
House : Good Lord.