House : Oh, stymied again. Your logic is bulletproof.
Cameron : I think ignoring respiratory symptoms is more likely than cheating.
UNK: Because? They're completely devoted to each other.
UNK: Because? They love each other.
UNK: Or?
Chase : They're overcompensating for guilt.
UNK: Find out which it is. - You want me to ask a man whose wife is about to die if he cheated on her?
House : No, I want you to be polite and let her die.
House : Actually, I don't want you to ask her anything. Foreman, take the husband. Chase, take the wife.
Cameron : You don't trust me to do my job?
House : We all formulate questions based on the answers we want to hear.
Cameron : And how exactly do you reformulate "Have you screwed around?"
House : Did you know she's been trying to get pregnant? Yes.
House : After you got so freaked about the sick babies a while ago, Ifigured that was your thing.
House : But you've never been prescribed folic acid, and you can't lose a baby if you've never been pregnant.
Cameron : You pulled my medical records? You coughed the other day. I was concerned.
UNK: You were curious, like an eight-year-old boy with a puzzle that's just a little too grown-up for him to figure out.
House : Tomayto, tomahto.
Ed : So it's either, uh, sleeping sickness or this rabbit thing?
Foreman : They're both fatal without treatment.
Foreman : And unfortunately, the treatment for both is extremely dangerous.
Ed : Are there tests you can do? Not at this stage.
Foreman : But each condition has a unique history.
Foreman : We're hoping your answers to a few questions will help us.
Ed : Sure. Whatever you need to know.
Chase : Before the sleeping problems, did you have any trouble breathing,
Chase : a cough that wouldn't go away... Anything like that?
UNK: No.
Chase : Are you certain? Absolutely.
Ed : I've never been away from her for more than a night.
Ed : If she had breathing troubles I would've noticed.
Foreman : The other condition is significantly more likely if...
Foreman : If you've had an affair.
Chase : Have you ever had an affair?
UNK: Ofcourse not.
UNK: - Are you sure? - I think I'd remember cheating on my wife.
Foreman : You might be reluctant to admit it. No.
Foreman : I just want to be perfectly clear.
Foreman : If your wife has sleeping sickness, and we don't treat her,
Foreman : she'll die.
Elise : I would never do that to Ed.
Elise : I love him. Absolutely not.
Ed : I love her.
Elise : All right.
UNK: All right then. They say no cheating, we cross off sleeping sickness.
House : Any new ideas?
UNK: Okay. We go with Foreman's tularemia.
UNK: Start her on I.V. chloramphenicol, 25 milligrams per kilogram, four times a day.
House : Good night.
Elise : Where's Ed? Right next to you.
UNK: Well, you're two down, two to go.
Elise : Two days?
Cameron : No. Doses. You have about 20 more days of this fun.
Elise : What time is it?
UNK: About 4 : 00 a.m. I pulled the short straw.
Cameron : Flow rate looks good.
Cameron : No rash or flushing.
Elise : What time is it?
UNK: 4 : 00 a.m.
Cameron : Do you not remember just asking?
Wilson : I don't...
UNK: Elyse?
UNK: Elyse? Elyse?
UNK: - Elyse. - What are you doing?
UNK: - I'm trying to wake her. - She fall asleep again?
Cameron : In the middle of a sentence. Elyse. Elyse.
Ed : What's happening? Patient's not responding.
Cameron : Pulse is fine. Airway's open.
Cameron : Check her blood pressure.
Cameron : Pupils are reactive.
UNK: Elyse, wake up. You gotta wake up.
Ed : - What does that mean? What are you doing? - She's unresponsive to pain.