House : Can I get a page on Dr. Wilson?
House : A tumor? We don't know.
Foreman : - We're checking just to be safe. - Y'all already checked for that.
UNK: The previous M.R.I. had a broader view. Some tumors are almost impossible to see unless you know exactly where to look.
Elise : - That means it would be small, right? - Yeah.
UNK: Then you'd be able to operate, take it out?
UNK: If it's a tumor, there are a variety of treatment options,
Foreman : but there are variables other than just size.
Ed : Don't worry.
Elise : Too late.
Cameron : Try to remain as still as possible.
Cameron : The less distortion there is, the more detail we'll be able to see. Okay.
UNK: X-ray tech, report to Radiology Room 3.
Wilson : Well. That's what breasts look like.
House : Is a lie a lie if everybody knows it's a lie?
Wilson : Well, if a tree pretends to fall in a forest... House, come on. They're breasts.
Wilson : They're a birthday present, not a philosophical treatise. Lie number one.
House : She did not do that for her husband. She did that for herself.
House : She thinks if she looks different, she'll be different.
Wilson : No. She thinks if she looks different, she'll be more attractive, which I have to say...
House : Not to her husband. Cosmetic surgery is so everyone else will look at us differently.
UNK: The same reason you're wearing that tie.
Wilson : Well, exactly. That was gonna be my next point.
House : Last three months, same five ties.
House : Thursday should be that paisley thing.
Wilson : It's a gift from my wife. No, it's not.
House : Julie hates green. You bought that yourself.
House : You want to look pretty at work.
House : Wilson's got a girlfriend.
Elise : D... Stop.
Wilson : Stop. I don't.
Cuddy : It takes two department heads to treat shortness of breath?
Cuddy : What, do the complications increase exponentially with cup size?
House : I want an E.K.G. and blood tests, including tox screen on Mrs...
UNK: Exam Room One. - You're ordering tests to cover your lechery.
House : - Interesting. - Very tricky case.
House : You love everybody. That's your pathology.
Foreman : There were no lesions and no mass effect that we could see.
Elise : What does that mean?
Foreman : It means we're still not sure what's causing the neurological problems.
UNK: I know some things are hard to cure,
Ed : but what I just don't get is why it's taking so long to figure out what's wrong with her.
Cameron : - I know you're scared. I would be too. - I don't feel good.
Foreman : You feeling nauseous?
UNK: Honey, are you all right?
Cameron : She's seizing!
Cameron : Get her on her side.
Cameron : I need some Ativan! I'll get it.
UNK: - What's happened? - She's having a seizure.
Foreman : She's aspirating. Suction.
UNK: Come on, Elyse.