House : Foreman got the gang testing for tularemia?
Wilson : - Yep. - Probably inconclusive, but worth doing.
House : So, what's her name? When do I get to meet her?
Wilson : - There's nobody. Give it up. - Your lips say no.
House : Your shoes say yes. Well, they're French.
Wilson : - You can't trust a word they say. - Solid, yet stylish.
House : A professional woman would be impressed.
House : I'm thinking accountant. Actuary maybe.
House : It's somebody in the hospital.
UNK: Patient?
House : No. Chemo's not sexy. Daughter of a patient.
House : She would certainly have the neediness you need.
Wilson : I'm not gonna date a patient's daughter.
UNK: Very ethical. Ofcourse, most married men would say they don't date at all.
Wilson : There was no date.
Wilson : I had lunch with one of the nurses.
Wilson : It's her first time in an oncology unit. She's having a tough time... emotionally.
Elise : - Perfect. - I wanted to be nice.
Wilson : That's all. I mean it.
House : You always do. It's part of your charm.
Cuddy : Hi, boys.
Cuddy : Mrs. Campbell's test results.
Cuddy : You remember her. The preschool teacher with the heart of silicone.
UNK: No. Doesn't ring a bell.
Cuddy : They came in yesterday. I figured you guys would have been all over them. I know how concerned you were.
UNK: She's all upset 'cause we paid more attention to the other girl.
House : You check out her ass. I've got the chest.
Cuddy : The tests were normal. Ofcourse, that's just my opinion.
UNK: You might wanna call a couple of guys from maintenance in for a consult.
House : You check her E.K.G. results before she left the other day?
Wilson : - You ordered it. - You're the responsible one.
Cuddy : - What's wrong? They look normal to me. - Where is she?
Cuddy : - Waiting downstairs. Why? - I was right.
UNK: Mrs. Campbell : Do I have to get rid of the implants?
House : Surprisingly, no.
House : But your E.K.G. shows a slightly decreased heart rate.
UNK: Is that a problem? You told me you hadn't changed your diet or exercise. Were you lying?
UNK: Lying? Does your husband have high blood pressure?
UNK: Mrs. Campbell : My husband? Yeah, you see,
House : if you're gonna repeat everything I say, this conversation's gonna take twice as long.
UNK: Mrs. Campbell : Yes. He was diagnosed six months ago.
UNK: He do a lot of cooking? Not really, other than oatmeal in the morning.
House : Did you happen to notice a slightly odd taste to the oatmeal lately?
UNK: Mrs. Campbell : Wait. Are you saying that... That it looks like your husband...
House : stirred in some of his blood pressure medication along with the brown sugar.
UNK: Mrs. Campbell : You think my husband's trying to poison me? No. Nothing like that.
Chase : He just doesn't want to have sex with you.
House : Decreased sex drive is one of the most common side effects of the beta-blockers he's been taking.
House : I'm guessing he figured if you're both frigid, no harm, no foul.
UNK: Should've gotten him the sweater. That's ridiculous.
House : Fine. But if you're still concerned about the shortness of breath, I'd start making your own breakfast.
UNK: Wait.
UNK: Mrs. Campbell : What should I do?
UNK: If you care about your husband at all, I'd do the responsible thing.
UNK: Buy yourself some condoms, go to a bar, find...
UNK: Huh.
House : Lab tests inconclusive?
Cameron : Not surprisingly. No. But too bad.
House : Luckily, I have the answer.
Chase : - To what? - Thanks for asking.
UNK: To life itself : sex. Anything that can be transmitted via the blood can be transmitted through sex.
Foreman : - Sleeping sickness from sex? - It's not without precedent.
Foreman : I'm pretty sure it is, unless you're talking about going to Africa and having sex with a tsetse fly.
House : A Portuguese man was diagnosed three years ago with C.N.S.-affected sleeping sickness.
House : His only connection with Africa was through a girlfriend who'd served with the military in Angola.
UNK: Boy. Where'd you find that?
UNK: The Journal of the Instituto de Higiene e Medicina Tropical.
House : - You don't read Portuguese? - You do?
House : Pretty sure that's what it said. Either that or it was an ad for sunglasses.
Cameron : Her husband has never been to Africa either.