Wilson : The M.R.I. reveals nothing.
Foreman : That we were able to detect. It's not a tumor.
Foreman : A small glioma could hide from contrast. We could do a PETscan.
House : Yes. That's how a responsible doctor would waste his time in this situation.
Foreman : Suddenly tests and radiologists are incapable of error?
House : A glioma not presenting on a contrast M.R.I. would have to be smaller than a grain of sand,
House : which does not a gravely ill person make.
Chase : - It could be just postictal disorientation. - We would have seen improvement by now.
UNK: - Late-stage Lyme disease can cause seizures. - Does the husband care about her?
Cameron : - He hasn't left her bedside. - How annoying.
House : It also means she doesn't have Lyme disease.
Foreman : What, love conquers all?
House : Lyme disease initially presents with a rash.
House : - Mr. Clingy would have noticed. - We've looked at everything else.
Wilson : Did you look at her breasts?
UNK: Men.
UNK: It could be paraneoplastic.
House : She have any family history of breast cancer?
Cameron : Her mother died of it.
House : The brain, but not the brain.
House : Clever, huh?
Ed : How can breast cancer cause problems in her brain?
Cameron : There are molecular similarities between brain cells and tumor cells.
Cameron : Paraneoplastic syndrome causes the body's own antibodies to get thrown off track.
Cameron : They end up attacking the brain instead of the tumor.
UNK: So, if you do find a tumor, what do you do?
Foreman : We treat the underlying malignancy.
Foreman : Once there's no tumor to attack, there's nothing for the antibodies to get confused about.
Ed : - If the tumor's treatable. - Exactly.
UNK: Ow. I'm sorry. I know it's uncomfortable.
Cameron : The tighter we go, the better the image will be.
UNK: At least it'll keep me awake. Don't worry. It's almost over.
Elise : I wish people would stop telling me not to worry.
Cameron : I'm sorry.
Elise : My mom was the same age.
Elise : We've been trying to get pregnant for over a year. Guess we're lucky we didn't.
Cameron : A lot has changed since your mom died.
Ed : Don't worr...
Cameron : Don't give up.
Foreman : No tumor?
UNK: The M.R.I. and the mammogram only showed a few benign calcifications.
UNK: It's most likely a small-cell tumor.
Wilson : It's no surprise we're having trouble finding it.
Wilson : We should do a PET scan. Start with her lungs, then maybe her bones.
Wilson : Sometimes it presents with no tumor at all.
Chase : How can a disease caused by a tumor present if there's no tumor? - It happens... 12% of cases.
Chase : And how do you treat it if there's no tumor? - You don't.
UNK: Those 12%, no treatment.
House : They were too busy looking for the tumor...
House : Right till they put the patient in the ground.
Foreman : - What choice do we have? - Treat the symptoms.