UNK: Jeffrey Cole : Heavenly Father, I pray thee that thou shalt give the Holy Ghost
UNK: Jeffrey Cole : unto all them that shall believe in their words.
UNK: Jeffrey Cole : Irene, what are you doing?
UNK: Irene Walesa : I need to touch it.
UNK: Travis Brennan : Put your hand down.
UNK: Irene Walesa : No! Give it to me! I want it!
UNK: Give it to me! No!
UNK: What the angio say?
UNK: Jeffrey Cole : We couldn't finish. She started groping me.
UNK: And you couldn't let her get to second base just to get the test done?
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : I think that's third base.
UNK: Travis Brennan : She was convulsing, delirious and hyper-salivating.
UNK: Travis Brennan : We had to knock her out with lorazepam.
UNK: Well, that's definitely not vascular.
UNK: Jeffrey Cole : What do you want us to do?
UNK: The question is, what would Joseph Smith do?
UNK: This isn't the time for anti...
UNK: Greg House : Casting out the demons?
UNK: Jeffrey Cole : The patient's not possessed. She's dying. You can mock me tomorrow.
UNK: Greg House : You believe that the book has all the answers.
UNK: Jeffrey Cole : To morality, not science.
UNK: Greg House : But the book is inconsistent with science.
UNK: Greg House : You know how many epileptics were tortured because they were possessed?
UNK: Greg House : How many teenage witches were stoned to death,
UNK: because they took mushrooms?
UNK: Jeffrey Cole : Just shut up already. We got a patient dying.
UNK: You either got to prescribe an exorcism, or admit to me that Smith was a horny fraud.
UNK: Amber Volakis : I know what she has.
UNK: Greg House : You couldn't have spoken up 10 seconds ago?
UNK: You would have saved me 100 bucks.
UNK: Amber Volakis : Mushrooms weren't the only thing that got people stoned to death,
UNK: Amber Volakis : jimsonweed, belladonna, mandrake root and moldy bread.
UNK: Amber Volakis : It's ergot poisoning.
UNK: You'd need damp grain that's...
UNK: Jeffrey Cole : Completely unprocessed and untreated,
UNK: Jeffrey Cole : like what's in that organic rye bread she's been eating.
UNK: Should I be going home? Is it 6 : 00?
UNK: Amber Volakis : It's why she got worse on the bromocriptine.
UNK: Amber Volakis : It's an ergot derivative.
UNK: There hasn't been a case in 50 years.
UNK: Amber Volakis : She kept asking for milk. Dairy products counteract the effects.
UNK: "thirteen" : You think she knew what she had and was treating it?
UNK: Amber Volakis : Cravings based on actual needs,
UNK: Amber Volakis : it's a fairly common evolutionary development.
UNK: Greg House : You okay with an answer based on evolution?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Hypocrite.
UNK: Amber Volakis : It's the stuff they make LSD from. The treatment you're on should...
UNK: Irene Walesa : So, I've just been tripping?
UNK: "thirteen" : It explains the hallucinations, seizures, delusions...