Jennifer : Well, Emma confided in me
Jennifer : that she had gotten her hands on some kind of proof.
UNK: Uh, proof ofwhat?
Jennifer : She said that she couldn't tell me.
Jennifer : At least not until after the time was right, whatever that meant.
UNK: Do either ofyou know if Emma was having personal problems with anyone?
Esposito : Anyone at work? In her personal life?
Jennifer : Not that I know of.
Lila : Well, there's Buckley.
UNK: Yeah, but everybody in the newsroom has problems with Buckley.
Esposito : - Who's Buckley? - Another producer at the station.
UNK: He had seniority over Emma, but she beat him out for that promotion.
Lila : And Buckley was pissed.
UNK: Yeah. He even claimed that she made up lies about him just to get the job.
Lila : But I can't imagine he would kill her for that.
Ryan : By any chance, does Buckley drive a white van?
Lila : Yeah, he does.
UNK: Where am I? In kindergarten again?
Castle : So where's Mrs. Finch?
Castle : You are not Mrs. Finch.
Judah : Who are you guys?
Castle : Where am I?
Jennifer : I don't know. Me and this guyjust woke up.
Todd : My shoulder's killing me.
Judah : Anyone have a phone? Mine's gone.
UNK: No.
Simon : What the hell is going on? How did we get here?
Castle : Last thing I remember,
Castle : I went to a rundown building, going to meet Stephen King,
UNK: and then all the lights went out.
Judah : Hold on. 143 Nicholas Street?
Castle : How did you know that?
Judah : A lawyer called, asked me to meet him there.
Judah : Said I inherited the building from my uncle who passed away a year ago.
Simon : Yeah, I was told the same thing.
Simon : Except it was supposedly my cousin who died a few months ago.
Todd : Oh, my God. we were all lured there.
Castle : Yeah, but by whom?
Todd : There's a sticky substance on my arms. Do you guys have that?
Judah : This thing's not budging.
Alexis : Okay, um...
Castle : You know, when I was in that hallway and the lights went out,
Castle : the last thing I remember was a sharp pain in my shoulder.
UNK: So we must've been drugged with a syringe or a tranq dart.
Simon : But why? who would do that to us?
Castle : My guess is whoever's behind that camera.
UNK: Oh, man, that's a serial killer.
Simon : I've seen stuff like this on Dateline. And it never ends well.
Judah : Will you please shut the hell up?
UNK: - I'm just trying to tell you, this is a... - Shut up!
UNK: Guys.
UNK: Whoever is behind this, ifthey wanted us dead, we would be dead.
Castle : So obviously, they want something else, right?
Simon : Yeah, but what?
Jennifer : I don't know.
Castle : Let's take a look around.
UNK: Obviously someone went through a lot oftrouble designing this place.