UNK: we can get it between the lock and the frame, we might be able to pop it open.
UNK: Yeah, okay. AII right.
Beckett : So, the chemicals in there are explosive.
UNK: Itjust needs a catalyst to set it off.
UNK: Great.
UNK: Fuse.
Patty : Here you go.
UNK: Thanks. Perfect.
UNK: I've always loved the smell of this stuff.
UNK: Okay.
Beckett : You two better hide.
Judah : What was that?
Jennifer : I don't know, but we need to get out of here now.
UNK: Okay.
Beckett : Just stay close.
Beckett : This could be another trap.
Beckett : Get back.
Beckett : There's someone there. Stay close, okay?
Castle : Whoa, whoa, whoa. Don't shoot. It's rigged to kill the shooter.
Castle : That's how Simon died.
Castle : - Thank God you're okay. - Patricia...
Beckett : - You okay? - Yeah, good.
Todd : - We should keep moving. - He's right.
Castle : - It could be a trap! - No! wait, wait!
Todd : It's fine! we can get out.
UNK: Let's go. Let's get out of here!
Judah : About damn time.
Todd : Oh, we're free!
UNK: No!
UNK: Damn it!
Castle : - No! - We're locked in.
MEADOw : No.
UNK: Whatever they're for, we got less than five minutes to figure it out.
UNK: It started counting down as soon as the doors closed.
Beckett : Okay. Clearly, this room is our captor's endgame.
Beckett : He wanted us to end up here.
UNK: But why? what does he want from us?
Castle : Is that another clue?
UNK: Last piece of the puzzle.
UNK: "Ofthose who remain, only your better half can survive."
Judah : what the hell does that mean?
Beckett : There are six of us left and three levers.
Beckett : He wants to separate the couples. Make us choose who goes free.
Patty : And who stays behind to pull the levers.
Patty : I assume all three need to be pulled at once to open the door.
Castle : Unless that's what he wants us to think.
Castle : These levers could just as easily blow this room.
Judah : How are we supposed to know?
Todd : We have to have faith.
Castle : Wait! wait!
Todd : See? Faith.
Todd : Now, who's staying in here with me?
UNK: Swat Member : State Police!
UNK: We got two hostages.
Esposito : It's the Northcliffs!
UNK: - Bedroom, clear. - Kitchen, clear.
Esposito : What the hell is this?
UNK: Dad?
Alexis : Where are they?
UNK: Jeffrey Northcliff : There's a building hidden in the trees at the bottom of the hill.
Esposito : Who's behind this? who left you here?
UNK: Samantha Northcliff : Our son, Brandon.
UNK: We're out oftime.
UNK: You need to choose which ones ofyou are staying in here with me.
Castle : - I'll stay. - Castle.
Beckett : Fine. But I'm not letting you stay here alone.
UNK: Patricia, you leave with the others.
UNK: The instructions say "your better half."
UNK: Ifyou both stay, that's breaking the rules.
Beckett : Screw the rules!
Todd : There could be consequences for all of us.
UNK: There's consequences when we follow the rules, too.
Judah : Come on.
Patty : Thank you. we'll send help.
Castle : So, what now?
Castle : I'm sorry. I thought we could run out the door.
UNK: Really? So it's not because we broke your rules?
UNK: Well, he did say that there'd be consequences.
Castle : We know it's you.
UNK: Damn it.
UNK: Don't.
Todd : What gave me away?
Castle : When you ran into this room.
Castle : Even though we all suspected it would be booby-trapped.
Beckett : And when you pulled that lever, you didn't even hesitate.
Castle : Same way you didn't hesitate when Simon pulled the trigger.
Castle : You weren't afraid.
Castle : And not because you're a minister with faith,
Castle : but because you're a mastermind
Castle : with the knowledge that the gun was rigged to fire backwards.
Todd : Not like this one.
Todd : Let's finish the experiment.
UNK: One ofyou has to die. Those are the rules.
Beckett : Why are you doing this?
Todd : That's the same question I asked my parents
Todd : when they would rip me away from my twin sister.
Todd : Testing us, over and over, day after day.
Castle : Look, no one should be treated the way you and your sister were.
Beckett : - Let us help you. - Help me?
UNK: You? why, 'cause you're a cop?
Todd : I talked to a cop once when I was a kid.
Rose : You know what happened?
Todd : He sent over two officers from the 12th Precinct, your precinct.
Todd : They talked to my parents for five minutes, then walked away!
Castle : I'm sorry.
Todd : Not as sorry as my sister was.
Todd : My parents ordered more isolation.
Todd : More tests.
Castle : So you're holding Beckett responsible?
Castle : She was a child when that happened.
Castle : Why are you punishing her?
Todd : This isn't punishment.
Todd : This is science.
Beckett : Patricia is a psychiatrist on the Board of Education.
Beckett : Did someone there Iet you and your sister down?
Todd : Kate, everyone let us down.
Beckett : So we're all surrogates for people that weren't able to protect you two.
Castle : But you were careful to choose people who love each other.
Castle : Because you loved your sister.
UNK: She was your soul mate.
UNK: Now one ofyou has to feel what I feel.
UNK: Then why did you choose Emma?
Todd : She wanted to expose my parents! That's not enough!
UNK: Just some video tapes of some kids doing puzzles? That's nothing!