Castle : Guess who's about to have the best day ever?
Martha : Could it be the fellow who just interrupted us,
UNK: rather rudely, with "booyah"?
UNK: Alexis Castle : What's going on, Dad?
Castle : I'm sorry. I can't tell you. I'm sworn to secrecy.
UNK: Okay. Anyway, so my psych professor said...
UNK: Yeah.
Alexis : Fear is an emotion, which it is, but then I...
UNK: You don't even try to pry the secret out of me?
Martha : Darling, we are right in the middle of something here.
UNK: So ifyou'll just wait for a moment, we will give you our full attention, okay?
UNK: Okay. what is it, darling?
UNK: Gram, you know he's just gonna keep pouting until he gets his way.
Alexis : Dad, just tell us your secret.
Castle : - Okay. But only because you insisted. - Okay.
Castle : I just got off the phone with the personal assistant of none other than
Castle : Stephen King.
UNK: Whoa!
UNK: He's in town visiting his New York apartment,
Castle : has called to see if I'm available for a meeting to talk about a,
Castle : dramatic pause,
Castle : - collaboration. - Ooh!
Alexis : Hold on. Isn't he still mad about the thing?
Martha : What thing?
Alexis : The baseball thing. See, Stephen King is a huge Red Sox fan, and Dad...
UNK: Oh, and your father is a Yankees fan. Oh, no, Richard, what did you do?
UNK: It was a sillyjoke.
UNK: - Mmm. More like a thinly veiled threat. - Ah.
UNK: Tomayto, tomahto.
Castle : Obviously, it's water under the bridge,
Castle : because he wants to talk about collaborating on a project.
UNK: "Richard Castle and Stephen King present."
Castle : wish me luck, ladies.
UNK: Darling, ifyou think you're going to get top billing over Stephen King,
Martha : you're going to need more than luck.
UNK: Kate Beckett : - Good morning. - Good morning.
UNK: Mornin', Captain.
UNK: Hey, Lanie, how you doing?
UNK: Lanie Parish : A heck of a lot better than our victim here.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Name is Emma Matthews, 34 years old.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Single GSw to the upper back.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Through and through. Here's our exit wound.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Based on lividity, I'm placing the time of death
UNK: between 9 : 00 and 11 : 00 last night.
Beckett : And the neighbors didn't hear a gunshot?
Ryan : No, the music was turned up too loud,
UNK: but a neighbor next door said he saw a rusty white van parked outside
UNK: near the time-of-death window.
Ryan : Didn't get a plate though.
Beckett : Does Emma have a roommate?
UNK: No. She lives alone.
Esposito : But we've, uh, notified next of kin,
Esposito : and we've got a list of her friends and co-workers.
Ryan : Emma was a television producer at Channel Eight News.