UNK: "Watch me live on Australia's 7PM Project in 20 minutes."
Alexis : If Stephen King is in Australia, where's my dad?
UNK: "The key will release you." But what key?
Simon : - Maybe it's a metaphor. - Maybe you're an idiot.
Judah : Now, will you please shut up so the grown-ups can think?
Castle : Guys, the bickering is not going to help us.
Todd : Maybe there's something in this room that's shaped like this keyhole.
UNK: Yeah, I know I've seen that shape before.
UNK: Boys, we're getting out of here.
Judah : Oh, come on.
UNK: "The last one standing will be freed."
Castle : Three bullets, four of us.
Simon : So what,
Simon : whoever kills the others goes free?
Judah : Give me the gun, Rick.
Simon : No, no, no, I want the gun!
Beckett : - Hey... - Both ofyou, stop!
Castle : Stop it.
UNK: If you don't, whoever's behind this wins. Don't you see?
Castle : Don't you see? We're powerless in here.
Castle : No, we're not.
Castle : We have the power not to play.
Castle : You hear that? we're not going to play your sick little game anymore.
Castle : You lose!
Castle : It's another room.
Castle : It's identical to this one.
Simon : Meadow. what's my wife doing in there?
Judah : That's my girlfriend, Patty.
UNK: Beckett.
MEADOw : Looks exactly the same.
Patty : Everything's the same.
Beckett : Castle, do you hear me? Castle? Castle?
Meadow : That was my husband, Simon.
Patty : And my boyfriend.
Beckett : Which explains the texts that they used to lure us here.
Beckett : They must have been abducted first
Beckett : and then their phones were used to text us.
Simon : But why?
Beckett : More importantly, who's that fourth man?
UNK: Alexis Castle : - What? - MEADOw : Yeah.
Meadow : There were four guys on that screen, but only three of us.
Patty : What happened to the woman that was supposed to be in that chair?
Beckett : - What is that on your neck? - What?
MEADOw : what is it?
Patty : - You have one, too. - MEADOw : what about me?
UNK: No.
Meadow : Well, is that a good thing or a bad thing?
Beckett : I don't know, but the important thing here is to stay calm.
Meadow : Screw calm! I say we break that glass and hack our way out of here.
Beckett : No, that's not a good idea.
UNK: Tough. Ifthis isn't an emergency, I don't know what is.
Beckett : Look, whoever is behind this
Beckett : isn't stupid enough to leave something that we can use to go free,
Beckett : which means that's a trap.
Beckett : Now, let's just finish this puzzle and see what happens.
Meadow : Fine. Knock yourself out.
Patty : Something about this feels familiar.
Beckett : What do you mean?
UNK: The identical rooms, the tasks.
Patty : In grad school, I read a case study
Patty : that examined separation anxiety in stressful situations.
Meadow : Well, this certainly is stressful.
UNK: Oh.
Simon : Thank God.
Beckett : What are you doing?
Meadow : Having a smoke. I think I've earned it.
UNK: No!
Beckett : I told you. You can't trust anything in this place. This could kill you.
UNK: It's a cigarette. It's definitely going to kill me eventually.
Meadow : What the hell is that?
Beckett : It smells like peanuts.
Todd : I'm allergic.
Patty : Looks like Captain Beckett just saved your life.
Patty : So how about you start being a team player?
Beckett : I need you to tell me everything you can about this study.