Todd : Okay, how do we do that?
Castle : Well, we must have some sort of connection to each other.
UNK: Yeah, but I've never seen any ofyou guys in my life ever.
Castle : Right. But it may be some connection we're not yet aware of. Um...
Castle : I'm a mystery writer. What do you guys do for a living?
UNK: - Uh, I'm a third-grade teacher. - I'm a minister.
Judah : I own a boxing gym.
Castle : Okay, all right, no connection there.
UNK: But, uh, where are you from? I'm born and raised in New York City...
Judah : Hey, mystery writer, no one cares why we're here.
Judah : We only care about getting out.
Simon : - I'm with him. - Yeah, me too.
Todd : There's gotta be something in here we can use to escape.
UNK: Uh, you know what? Judah, the last time we broke something, Todd nearly died.
Judah : Hey, pal, I'm not the one who injected him with poison, okay?
Castle : That's exactly my point.
Castle : Rummaging around may inadvertently activate another deadly trap.
UNK: - We've gotta do something. - Agreed.
Castle : So let's be smart about it.
UNK: Um...
Castle : The cryptex, it led us to the poison, and the poison led us to the antidote.
Simon : Yeah, but there was no clue on the antidote.
Castle : The clock was part of that solution.
Castle : Maybe it holds the next clue.
UNK: "The key will release you."
Castle : But what key?
UNK: Hayley Shipton : Alexis, where is your father?
Alexis : He's not with you?
Hayley : If he were, would I be asking you where he is?
UNK: Meow.
Hayley : Okay. Sorry, sorry. I don't mean to get so bitchy.
Hayley : It's just that your father blew off that meeting I set up with potential clients.
Alexis : He had an impromptu get-together this morning with Stephen King.
Alexis : Maybe he's still there.
Hayley : Do you have King's number?
Alexis : No, but his assistant called my dad's cell,
Alexis : which is linked to the office computer.
Alexis : Okay. Here's his call log. Got it.
UNK: It's disconnected. I must've misdialed.
Alexis : Something's wrong.
UNK: There's a new tweet from Stephen King.