Ryan : I love you too, sweetie. Bye-bye.
Castle : That was weird.
Ryan : - What? - Ryan just told me he loved me.
UNK: I'm sure he was just covering.
Alexis : Don't you feel the least bit conflicted about turning him into a mole?
Castle : He's not stealing state secrets.
Castle : I'm just paying him to keep me in the loop on their cases.
Alexis : So you can ingratiate yourself in said cases
Alexis : and find new ways to interact with Beckett.
UNK: Well, if by "ingratiate myself" you mean dazzle her
Castle : with my Sherlockian genius, then, yes, that's exactly what I mean.
Alexis : So what did Ryan say?
Castle : That our victim got himself into some trouble at City Hall
Castle : that might have got him killed.
UNK: So what do you say we call my good buddy the mayor?
Alexis : Dave was a janitor, Dad.
Alexis : I sincerely doubt he was on the mayor's radar.
UNK: Stephen Reed : We fired Dave Johnson after he broke into the accounting office.
UNK: Stephen Reed : And he tried to run when security caught him.
Ryan : Well, what did he say when they caught him?
Stephen : Oh. Some nonsense about being on a mission from God or something,
UNK: which is incredibly disrespectful, given how he got the job in the first place.
Esposito : And how's that?
Stephen : Well, he was recommended by Father Arguello at Saint Mark's.
Ryan : The blind priest?
Stephen : Yeah. So?
Esposito : Dave was killed in Arguello's church.
UNK: Dave Johnson : Oh, um...
UNK: well, look, I'm no detective, but that sounds like a clue.
UNK: Ah. Ifyou'll excuse me.
UNK: Yeah.
Esposito : Looks like we need to talk to the good father. Let's go.
Ryan : Oh. wait. Just a second.
Ryan : I'll make a quick phone call to Jenny. Be right there.
Stephen : A mission from God?
Castle : Well, that's what Ryan said.
Castle : On the other hand, Dave was a compulsive liar.
UNK: Mmm. Still, most lies have a kernel oftruth in them.
Castle : Like when you went to Fashion week,
UNK: but you neglected to mention you were taking my platinum credit card?
Alexis : I was more thinking about our victim
Alexis : and how he lied about being a fugitive mobster
Alexis : in order to investigate union kickbacks.
Castle : Kickbacks that could be connected to City Hall.
UNK: Hence, Dave breaking into the accounting office.
Alexis : What does any of this have to do with a blind priest?
Castle : Well, ask and you shall receive.
UNK: Uh. Excuse me, Father.
Castle : We are investigating Dave Johnson's murder.
UNK: We'd like to ask you a few questions regarding your relationship with him.
Arguello : I was his priest, my son.
Arguello : I gave him spiritual guidance.
Castle : And which part of that guidance
Castle : included breaking and entering at City Hall?
UNK: The blind priestjust ran away.
Castle : This cannot end well.
Ryan : - Hey! - Hey, watch it!
UNK: Huh.
Alexis : Should we...
Castle : Damn it. Yes.
UNK: What?
Beckett : So, let me get this straight.
Beckett : You got parkoured by a blind priest?
Castle : I'd say the blindness is under dispute.
UNK: Uh-huh. And what about the fact that he's 60?
Beckett : Was he faking his age, too?
UNK: Sixty is the new 20.
Castle : Did you call just to bust my chops?
UNK: Yeah, pretty much.
UNK: Um. AII right, Speedy, I gotta go.
Beckett : Make sure you stretch before bed.