Castle : They got the priest.
Esposito : How do you know?
Castle : Beckett was having too much fun. wait.
Castle : Beckett was having fun. with me.
UNK: Score.
UNK: Imagine how much fun she's gonna have with the runaway priest.
Arguello : Can I be honest with you?
Arguello : I went blind to get out of Tampa.
Arguello : It was miserable down there.
UNK: The humidity was just oppressive.
Arguello : When I learned that priests with certain disabilities
Arguello : have their pick of assignments, I...
Arguello : I didn't even hesitate.
Beckett : I don't understand what any of this has to do with Dave Johnson's murder.
UNK: Dave's lying was a terrible burden.
Arguello : One that he'd been carrying since childhood.
Arguello : I offered him a way to make amends.
Beckett : And this is you still being honest?
UNK: Yes.
Arguello : Dave's lying torpedoed his accounting career.
Arguello : That's why he was working as a janitor at City Hall,
Arguello : pretending to be a reclusive author.
Arguello : My parish was about to miss a payment to the city
UNK: due to my mismanagement offunds.
Arguello : I simply asked Dave to sneak into the accounting office
Arguello : and log the payment into the computer as received.
Beckett : Oh. So, this wasn't about making amends, this was about helping you.
Arguello : When Dave was hacked into the city budget,
Arguello : he found evidence of a secret slush fund.
UNK: $10 million siphoned from social programs
Arguello : to line someone's pocket.
Arguello : It was a lie Dave couldn't stomach.
Arguello : So, he vowed to expose it.
UNK: And you believe that whoever controlled this alleged slush fund
Beckett : discovered Dave's intrusion?
Arguello : They killed him for it.
Ryan : So, what do you think?
Esposito : It tracks with what our victim told his sponsor.
Ryan : And with Dave's questions about union kickbacks.
Beckett : It doesn't matter. It's not actionable.
UNK: There's no way we're gonna get a subpoena for City Hall
Beckett : based on hearsay told to a not-blind priest from a pathological liar.
Esposito : I guess Dave was right. No one believes the boy who cries wolf.
Ryan : So, what are you saying? We give up?
Ryan : Because that's not the Beckett that I know.
UNK: No, I'm not saying that we should give up.
UNK: What I am saying is I've been a captain for about five minutes.
UNK: Ifwe take this to the DA, nobody is gonna take me seriously, ever.
Ryan : Okay. we'll get proof.
Esposito : Money's gone.
UNK: Even ifthere is a secret slush fund, the person controlling it
Esposito : killed Dave to cover it up, buried the money deep,
Esposito : covered his tracks.
Ryan : So, what are we supposed to do?
Beckett : We do our homework.
Beckett : We find out who could pull off a slush fund in the City Budget.
Beckett : Which means we have to talk to someone
Beckett : with contacts and resources in City Hall.
UNK: Someone who's best friends with the mayor?
Ryan : Someone like Castle?
UNK: He's gonna be so smug about this.
Beckett : I'm sorry.
Castle : Did you say you needed my help?
UNK: Castle.
Castle : You heard her say it, right?
Alexis : Dad, let it go.
UNK: Thankyou.
Beckett : Castle, do you have the intel we need or not?
Castle : Tell her.
Alexis : When I was in middle school,
Alexis : Dad did four months of extensive research into the inner working
Alexis : of city finance for a novel he was writing.
Castle : Yes, but then I realized that that novel
Castle : would be the most boring novel in the history of novels,
Castle : so I wrote a Derrick Storm book instead.
Ryan : Okay, so, then you have a pretty good idea
Ryan : of which city officials would be able to hide a $10 million slush fund.
Castle : Yes. And it's a pretty small list.
Castle : The only people with access to the entire budget
Castle : are the comptroller,
Castle : the mayor's chief of staff and the deputy chief.
Ryan : Stephen Reed, the guy we met with.
Castle : I know for a fact that the chief of staff
Castle : is in London with the mayor.
Esposito : And I made a few discreet calls.
Esposito : The city comptroller was at a fundraiser when Dave was shot.
Beckett : Which means Reed is our main suspect.
Ryan : Okay, so how do we get this guy?
Castle : May I suggest the Midnight Run stratagem?
Cicero : The what?
Castle : Midnight Run. It's one of the top five buddy movies of all time.
Ryan : And you're suggesting we base our legal strategy
UNK: upon this buddy cop movie?
Beckett : No, he's right. It could work.
Beckett : At the end of the movie,
UNK: Robert De Niro tricks a mobster into taking computer disks
Beckett : he thinks contain evidence against him.
Beckett : And just by showing up to take them,
Beckett : the mobster is committing conspiracy to obstruct justice.
Castle : If we can trick Reed the same way,
Castle : then we've got all the leverage we need to expose the slush fund
Castle : And go after him for Dave's murder.
UNK: But, Kate, you can't be involved.
Beckett : Why not?
Ryan : Because if Reed isn't involved,
UNK: then all this blows up in our face, and you take the hit.
UNK: And you don't need that.
UNK: Let us shieldyou, Captain.
Beckett : Okay. I'm out. For now.
UNK: Thanks.
Ryan : Okay, how do we do this?
UNK: First, I'm gonna need to borrow your blind priest.
Arguello : Mr. Reed? Mr. Reed?
Ryan : - Father. - Oh!
Beckett : What are you doing here?
Arguello : Your office told me where to find you.
Stephen : Ah. well, sorry, Father.
UNK: I'm appointment-only, even for the clergy.