UNK: Lanie Parish : Good morning.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Allow me the pleasure of introducing you
UNK: Lanie Parish : to Dave Johnson, 52,
UNK: Lanie Parish : single GSw to the sternum.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Killer popped him while he was praying.
Lanie : What? Did you guys rehearse that?
Esposito : Former altar boys.
Ryan : Yeah, probably an involuntary reflex or something.
Lanie : Wound suggests he was shot between 8 : 00 and 11 : 00 p.m. Iast night.
Ryan : Kind of late for a church to be open to the public, isn't it?
Lanie : It wasn't. The sisters of the parish said the place was locked at 6 : 00,
Lanie : but discovered this morning that the front door had been jimmied.
Ryan : So what, Dave and the killer broke in together?
Lanie : Doubt it. Evidence shows that the killer snuck in and shot Dave from behind
Lanie : what was a decorative stained glass window for prayer.
UNK: Really?
UNK: Father Arguello : What is going on here?
UNK: Father, did you know Dave Johnson?
Arguello : Oh. Yes. He was a faithful parishioner.
Ryan : Do you have any idea what Dave was doing at the church last night?
Arguello : Not a clue.
Arguello : Perhaps his wife knows.
Arguello : Have you spoken to wendy?
Esposito : No. we haven't notified her yet.
Esposito : But what can you tell us about Dave?
UNK: Did he have any enemies?
Arguello : Oh, no.
Arguello : He was a good man,
Arguello : a loving husband,
Arguello : and arguably one of the greatest...
Esposito : Greatest what?
Arguello : Well, it's going to come out sooner or later.
Arguello : Dave was one of the greatest novelists of the last 50 years.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Dave Johnson? I've never heard of him, Father.
Arguello : That's because he wrote under a pseudonym.
UNK: Alexis Castle : Dad, did you hear?
UNK: Dad?
UNK: Richard Castle : My pony. You can't pet it.
Alexis : Your pony?
UNK: What? Hey.
Castle : What's up?
UNK: P.J. Moffet's dead.
Alexis : P.J. Moffet was one of my literary heroes.
Alexis : Mine, too. Remember, I wrote that paper about him in eighth grade.
UNK: Every author dreams ofwriting the great American novel,
UNK: but P.J. Moffet actually did it.
Castle : On his first try, too.
Castle : The Butcherbird's Song.
UNK: And in 25 years, he never wrote another word.
Alexis : Just one book, then he disappeared from public life.
Alexis : According to Twitter, he was murdered at Saint Mark's on Third.
Castle : That's wonderful.
Alexis : Dad, a little respect for the dead.
Castle : Not wonderful that he was murdered, wonderful where he was murdered.
Alexis : Saint Mark's,
Castle : that's in the jurisdiction of the 12th Precinct.
Castle : And I am an expert on all things P.J. Moffet.
Alexis : So you're still going with the "win Beckett back"
UNK: "by working homicides with her" plan?
Castle : That's how I got her to fall for me the first time.
Castle : That, and when I kiss her, I use the bottom of...
Alexis : Dad, when it comes to your sex life,
Alexis : how about we stick with the after-school special version?
Castle : That's fair.
Alexis : Okay, so what's going to be your way into the case this time?
UNK: Well, all I need is a... A client.
Beckett : You guys, Lanie called.
Beckett : No usable prints from the crime scene, and no hits off ballistics.
Esposito : Yo, The Butcherbird's Song is still a popular novel, right?
UNK: I mean, it's 25 years old,
Esposito : but our victim should still be getting huge royalty checks.
Ryan : Yeah. It's required reading in most high schools.
Esposito : Then why was he living in a one-bedroom apartment,
Esposito : and working as a janitor for the past five years?
Beckett : I'll call the publisher, have them confirm who he is.
Castle : No need.
Castle : We can do that for you.
UNK: Uh...
Beckett : Castle, what are you doing here?
Castle : Meet my client. This is wendy Johnson, wife of Dave Johnson,