Arguello : I don't think you want your office to hear what we're about to discuss.
Arguello : Dave Johnson was one of my flock.
Stephen : Who got fired for being where he didn't belong.
Arguello : Yes. But while he was there, Dave told me
Arguello : he stumbled across your little secret account.
UNK: I got no idea what you're talking about.
UNK: And my hotdog's waiting. So...
Arguello : Dave was a cautious man, Mr. Reed.
Arguello : He took proof of the account,
Arguello : proof that he left on a thumb drive on the altar of my church
Arguello : behind the chalice before he was killed.
Arguello : I give you this information as a gift.
UNK: Ifyou were to make the church's debt disappear
Arguello : as a token of appreciation,
Arguello : well, the Lord would be grateful.
UNK: Hmm.
Stephen : Like I said, Father,
UNK: I got no clue what you're talking about.
Stephen : Don't ever come see me again.
Arguello : Bless you, my child.
UNK: You think it worked?
Castle : Of course it worked.
Esposito : We'll know tonight.
Castle : That it worked.
UNK: AII right. You know what to do.
Alexis : Are you sure about this?
Castle : Go big or go home.
UNK: Except in this case, home might be jail.
Esposito : Is that him?
Ryan : I don't know.
Esposito : It's gotta be him.
UNK: - Don't move! NYPD! - Stop! Freeze!
Castle : It's gone.
Castle : Damn it!
UNK: Where'd he go? we're screwed.
Ryan : Catching him with that empty thumb drive
Ryan : was our whole conspiracy charge.
Alexis : Did it work?
Esposito : Did what work?
Esposito : Are you the one that turned the lights out?
UNK: - Well, yeah. - I told her to do that.
Ryan : Why in the hell would you do that?
UNK: Well, I thought our MidnightRun stratagem needed a little twist.
UNK: Trust me, guys, ifthis works,
UNK: we're gonna have him on a whole lot more
Castle : than just obstruction.
Esposito : What if it doesn't?
Castle : Hi. I'm Richard Castle, private investigator.
Castle : The moment you plugged this thumb drive into your computer,
UNK: iti njected a virus into your system.
Castle : By now that virus has searched your keystroke history and found
Castle : where you've moved your hidden slush fund.