Castle : It's the computer equivalent of an exploding dye pack.
UNK: Oops.
Castle : So I guess we can add destruction of city property to those charges.
UNK: Milton Cicero : I didn't kill him.
Stephen : Why would I? He was a liar.
Stephen : Plus, I have an alibi.
UNK: Oh. Let me guess. You were home alone, asleep.
UNK: No. I was out playing poker with your boss, the police commissioner.
Stephen : Which means your killer is still out there.
Beckett : So, what do we know?
UNK: Lanie Parish : Dave Johnson.
Castle : He was a pathological liar who stumbled upon
UNK: the secret slush funds and then decided to expose it.
Esposito : And everyone connected to that alibied out.
Beckett : So we've got nothing?
UNK: No.
Castle : We can safely assume that Dave was killed over a lie.
Beckett : Which lie, then?
Castle : Well, if I was writing this, I would fall back on the theme.
UNK: A lie is a betrayal oftrust.
UNK: And there is no greater betrayal than a lie in a marriage.
Beckett : Yeah, well, that might be. But wendy thought that Dave was P.J. Moffet.
Castle : What if she found out he wasn't?
Wendy : You have this all wrong.
Eric : I didn't kill Dave.
Beckett : We found fragments of stained glass in your car.
Beckett : It matches the broken glass found in the church.
WENDY : I only married Dave because he told me he was a famous author.
UNK: I just... I thought I was gonna be living in luxury.
UNK: And he insisted that we live in poverty,
Wendy : even though he had millions.
Castle : Only he was lying. And you found out.
Beckett : You know, what I don't understand is why would you kill him?
Beckett : Why didn't you just divorce the guy?
Wendy : Because he had to pay.
Wendy : For what he cost me.
UNK: I could've married Ben Shapiro, the carpet king of Nassau County.
Wendy : But instead,
Wendy : I married a liar who ruined my life.
Beckett : Wendy Johnson, you're under arrest for the murder ofyour husband.
Wendy : Wait. wait!
UNK: Oh.
Castle : In a few days, you're gonna receive an invoice.
Castle : I'd appreciate prompt payment. Thanks.
UNK: Hey.
Ryan : - Hey. - Hey, hey, stop!
Ryan : Stop, stop, stop. Listen.
UNK: I'm gonna call One PP,
UNK: and I'm gonna ask 'em to give you that Iast Sergeant's exam slot instead of me.
Espositio : I don't need your charity.
Ryan : It's not charity.
Ryan : Hey! Hey, I did wrong by you.
Ryan : I'm trying to make amends here.
Beckett : Hey, bozos.
Beckett : Did it ever occur to you that your captain
Beckett : could pull some strings and get you both a slot?
Lanie : Did you?
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : And I expect you to pass.
Beckett : Good job today.
Ryan : - Thanks, Captain. - Thanks, Captain.
UNK: AII right.
Ryan : Good luck, man.
UNK: Castle?
UNK: Relax. Doesn't mean anything.
UNK: It's just a little congratulatory coffee after solving a tough case.
UNK: Mmm. wow.
Beckett : I can never make it like you.
Beckett : Even though you taught me how.
UNK: It's 'cause I lied.
UNK: There's a, uh, special ingredient.
Castle : I kept it a secret.
Beckett : Really? what is it?
UNK: Well, now, if I told you that, you might not need me anymore.
Beckett : Then don't tell me.
Beckett : And since we're being honest, there's something that I have to tell you.
UNK: I hated Moffet's book.
Castle : What? why...
Castle : why didn't you tell me?
Beckett : Because you gave it to me when we first started dating,
Beckett : and I knew it was important to you,
UNK: so I lied.
Beckett : I'm sorry. I have to get this.
UNK: Okay.
Castle : Have a good night.
Esposito : You, too.
Beckett : Vikram, hey.
Beckett : Did you get the test results on the heroin
Beckett : from the Vulcan Simmons case?
Beckett : Good. Now we can get to work.