Castle : also known as famed novelist P.J. Moffet.
Castle : We're here to make a statement.
Esposito : Well, we'll escort her to Captain Beckett's office.
Castle : Thank you.
Beckett : Your client, Castle?
Beckett : Please don't tell me you ambulance-chased this woman.
Castle : Beckett, that is an outrageous accusation.
Castle : I, as a member of the writing community,
Castle : merely went by her home to offer my condolences.
UNK: Hmm. And I suppose you told her that you're a PI
Beckett : who just happens to have connections with the NYPD.
Castle : The topic may have come up.
Castle : You look gorgeous, by the way.
UNK: Uh. we should go and talk to your client.
UNK: Wendy Johnson : We'd only been married for eight months.
UNK: Wendy Johnson : I felt like I'd known him my entire life.
UNK: Wendy Johnson : Probably because I grew up just loving that book.
Beckett : Uh. Yeah, about that, Mrs. Johnson.
Beckett : Considering your husband's success, why was he working as a janitor?
Wendy : Well, that was research for a new book.
UNK: A second P.J. Moffet novel?
Beckett : He was doing research for over five years?
UNK: - Mmm-hmm. - Moffet was legendary
UNK: for total immersion in his subject matter.
Castle : Much like me with you.
Castle : Did you know that before writing a single word
Castle : Of The Butcherbird's Song,
UNK: Moffet spent seven years Iiving as a drug-addicted Eskimo?
Wendy : It's true.
Wendy : He was extremely dedicated to his craft.
Wendy : Even though he owns a ranch in wyoming,
Wendy : he insisted we live in Brooklyn for authenticity.
Beckett : Why did he break into Saint Mark's Church last night?
UNK: Oh. I can only guess it was to pray.
UNK: He'd been extremely troubled recently.
Castle : Do you know about what?
Wendy : I think it had to be his research.
Wendy : When Dave left, he told me he met with someone that morning,
Wendy : and things got heated.
Beckett : And who did he meet with?
Wendy : He didn't say. Just that the man was dangerous.
Castle : Well, what was his new book about?
UNK: Um. The mafia.
Esposito : Hey, where's Castle?
Beckett : He took his client home.
Beckett : Remember, he doesn't work cases with us anymore.
UNK: Hey.
Ryan : So I found out where our vic was yesterday morning.
Ryan : According to his financials, he took a cab ride to Brooklyn.
Esposito : - Where was he dropped off? - This guy's house.
Ryan : Milton Cicero.
Ryan : Works in sanitation.
Ryan : Word is he's totally mobbed up.
Beckett : If our vic was doing research for his book
Beckett : and he asked too many questions,
UNK: Milton here might have gotten suspicious and taken Dave out.
UNK: Milton Cicero : Okay, he did come to my house.
UNK: Milton Cicero : But I didn't kill him.
UNK: Milton Cicero : I swear.
Esposito : - So, how do you know him? - I don't.
Cicero : He just came over, started asking me all these questions.
Castle : About what?
Cicero : Union kickbacks.
Cicero : He wanted to know where all the money comes from.
Cicero : Say, you two have any idea who he really is?
UNK: - Yeah, he's P.J. Moffet, the novelist. - Yeah.
Cicero : P.J. what? The what?
UNK: No, that is Jimmy "Two Guns" O'Malley.
Ryan : Whoa. wait. Uh...
Ryan : The Irish mobster who ratted out his whole crew back in the '80s?
UNK: Bingo.
UNK: He starts telling me all about witness protection,
Cicero : and how the Feds gave him a new name,
UNK: Lanie Parish : Dave Johnson.
UNK: Hold up. Doesn't the mob have a contract out on Jimmy Two Guns' Iife?
Cicero : Do they?
Cicero : I wouldn't know anything about that.
Ryan : Milton, did you try to collect on that reward?
Ryan : Don't tell me that you made a call up to the mob in Boston.
UNK: I didn't not call them.
UNK: Okay, bye-bye.
Beckett : So, I just got off the phone with P.J. Moffet's publisher.
Beckett : Our author is still very much alive.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Dave Johnson was lying about who he was.
Ryan : Yeah, we figured.
Ryan : So, Dave tells Milton that he's Jimmy "Two Guns" O'Malley,
Ryan : and then Milton rats him out to the Irish mob.
UNK: Maybe our vic was a con man.
Beckett : And conning the wrong guy got him killed.