Castle : that he's actually P.J. Moffet.
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : And he's telling everybody he's Jimmy "Two Guns"
Castle : so he can do research for his new novel.
UNK: Yeah, I'm a huge fan.
Castle : The Butcherbird's Song, it's my everything.
UNK: - Please, that's... I have a copy myself. - Hey, hey, hey!
Castle : No, no. So, Billy brings Dave back here, and he pays to have his jacket cleaned.
UNK: Yeah. He even autographed the book for me.
UNK: Uh-huh? Ah. Oh. Isn't that lovely?
UNK: Uh. Hate to burst your bubble, though.
Ryan : He ended up not being P.J. Moffet after all.
UNK: Guy was a con man.
Castle : - Come on! - What? No!
Esposito : And, by the way, Castle, no matter what you say here,
Esposito : it doesn't prove that your new BFF Billy didn't off Dave.
Castle : - No, it doesn't, but his alibi does. - Yeah.
Castle : At the time of the murder, he was front row at The Lion King.
UNK: Arguably the best musical in town.
Castle : Yes, well, you're not wrong.
Castle : But tell them what you saw before you put Dave in the trunk.
Castle : - Hypothetically. - Hypothetically.
UNK: Yeah, before I snatched up Dave,
UNK: I saw him having this knock-down, drag-out argument
UNK: with some tall guy outside his apartment house.
UNK: So, the guy says to Dave,
UNK: "Hey, you better come through Iike you promised,"
UNK: "or there's gonna be serious consequences."
Castle : Admit it, he's not so bad of a guy.
UNK: Ugh. Castle, just because his alibi held and he paid for lunch
Ryan : doesn't make him a great humanitarian.
Ryan : He kills people for a living.
Castle : Yes, but without people like him, people like us would be out of a job.
Castle : Now, what's our next move?
Castle : Locate and identify this mystery man?
Esposito : No, that's our next move.
Ryan : Your next move is to go home.
Ryan : Beckett doesn't want you working the case. I'm sorry.
UNK: No, I get it.
UNK: Totally understand. I'll circle back around and update my client.
Beckett : - Castle. - That's...
Castle : Yeah, that's too much.
Carl : Oh, Captain, my Captain!
UNK: Carl.
Beckett : Hey, thank you for coming up from CSU.
Beckett : I need you to give me a rundown of narcotic signatures.
Beckett : Specifically heroin.
Carl : Basically, every batch of heroin is like a snowflake.
Carl : No two are alike.
Carl : To determine if samples are from the same batch,
Carl : we run a chromatographic impurity signature profile analysis.
UNK: Kate Beckett : Okay. Um...
Beckett : Let's say I have a sample of heroin,
Beckett : and I compare it to another sample,
UNK: and that'll help me determine whether they originated from the same source?
UNK: Exactamundo.
Beckett : Thank you. That's all I needed.
UNK: - What's up, Carl? - Hey.
Esposito : Hey, what are you meeting with CSU's narcotics guy for?
Beckett : You know, Espo, I do have other cases that I have to supervise.
Beckett : So, any luck on finding that mystery man?
Esposito : Ryan's scrubbing street cam footage near David's apartment.
UNK: But, yo, I think we're missing something here.
Beckett : What do you mean?
Esposito : Well, if Dave was a scam artist, he is the oddest one I ever heard of.
Esposito : I mean, yes, he was exhibiting con man behavior,
Esposito : but to what end?
UNK: Uh. To rip people off.
Esposito : Who? His wife?
Esposito : She didn't come from money.
Esposito : The priest took a vow of poverty,
Esposito : and the union guy, Dave never asked him for a payoff.
Beckett : Okay, that's a good point. So what's the upside to Dave's cons?
UNK: Hey, so, I ID'd our mystery man who threatened Dave.
Ryan : Guy's name is Eric Logan.
Ryan : He's a convicted scam artist.
Ryan : Two collars for assault, including one with a deadly weapon.
Beckett : You know, maybe Eric and Dave were working a con together
Beckett : and something went wrong.
Beckett : Any idea where Eric is now?
Ryan : Yeah, I pinged his cell. We got a location.
Esposito : Let's go pick him up.
Uniform : Evidence room.
Beckett : Yeah, this is Captain Beckett.
Beckett : Do we still have the seized heroin from the Vulcan Simmons case?
UNK: Hang on, letme check.
Beckett : Yeah, I'll hold.
Uniform : Yes, we do.