UNK: All right! You guys, it's starting to snow.
UNK: And look, Ugly Naked Guy is hanging candy canes.
UNK: Where?
UNK: Oh. Well.
UNK: That's festive.
UNK: Guys, there's somebody I'd like you to meet.
UNK: Wait, wait. What is that?
UNK: -That's Marcel. Wanna say hi? -No, I don't.
UNK: -He's cute! Where'd you get him? -My friend Bethel saved him from a lab.
Phoebe : That is so cruel.
Phoebe : Why would a parent name their child Bethel?
UNK: That monkey's got a Ross on his ass.
Monica : Is he gonna live with you in your apartment?
UNK: Yeah. It's been kind of quiet since Carol left.
UNK: Why not get a roommate?
Ross : You reach a certain age, having a roommate is just kind of pathet
UNK: That's " pathet. " Sanskrit for " really cool way to live. "
UNK: The One With the Monkey
UNK: I' m doing new material tonight.
UNK: I have 1 2 songs about my mother's suicide and one about a snowman.
UNK: You might wanna open with the snowman.
UNK: -Hi, Joey. -Hey, buddy.
Monica : -So how'd it go? -I didn't get the job.
Ross : How could you not? You were Santa last year.
Joey : Some fat guy's sleeping with the store manager.
Joey : He's not even jolly. It's all political.
Monica : -What are you gonna be? -One of his helpers.
Joey : It's just such a slap in the face, you know?
UNK: Do you know what you' re doing for New Year's?
UNK: Hey, what? What is wrong with New Year's?
UNK: You have Paolo. You don't have to face the pressure...
UNK: ...of finding lips to kiss when the ball drops!
UNK: Man, I'm talking loud!
UNK: Paolo's gonna be in Rome this New Year's.
UNK: -I'll be just as pathetic as you. -Yeah, you wish.
UNK: I've got an idea. Dinner.
UNK: It's perfect. We'll put it between lunch and breakfast.
Chandler : I'm sick of being a victim of this Dick Clark holiday.
UNK: I say this year, we make a pact. Just the six of us. Dinner.
UNK: -Sure. -Fine.
UNK: I was hoping for more enthusiasm.
Rachel : -Phoebe, you' re on. -Oh, good.
Rachel : Hi. Ladies and gentlemen, back by popular demand...
Rachel : ... Miss Phoebe Buffay.
UNK: Hi. Thanks. Hi.
UNK: I wanna start with a song that means a lot to me.
UNK: I made a man with eyes of coal
UNK: And a smile so bewitching
UNK: How was I supposed to know
UNK: That my mom was dead in the kitchen?
UNK: My mother's ashes
UNK: Even her eyelashes
UNK: Are resting in a little yellow jar
UNK: And sometimes when it's freezing
UNK: I feel a little sneezy
UNK: And now I Excuse me? Excuse me? Yeah, noisy boys.
UNK: Is it something you'd like to share with the group?
UNK: No. No, that's okay.
Phoebe : If it's important enough while I'm playing...
Phoebe : ...it's important enough for everyone else.
Chandler : That guy's going home with a note.
David : -I was just saying -Speak up.
UNK: Sorry, l
UNK: I was saying you were the most beautiful woman I'd ever seen.
UNK: And he said that Daryl Hannah...
David : ...was the most beautiful woman he'd ever seen.
UNK: I said I liked her in Splash, but not Wall Street.
UNK: I thought she had a hard quality.
UNK: While Daryl is beautiful in a conventional way...
David : ...you are luminous with a kind of delicate grace.
UNK: Then that's when you started yelling.
Phoebe : We're gonna take a short break.
Chandler : That guy's going home with more than a note.
Ross : Come here, Marcel. Sit here.
Rachel : I can't believe he hasn't kissed you yet.
Rachel : By my sixth date with Paolo, he'd already named both my breasts.
Rachel : Did I just share too much?
Ross : Just a smidge.
UNK: David's, like, a scientist guy. He's very methodical.
Monica : -I think it's romantic. -Me too!
Phoebe : Did you ever see An Officer and a Gentleman?
UNK: He's kind of like the guy I went to see that with.