Finn : What are you giving me?
House : How'd you do the trick?
Finn : If I explain, it becomes mundane. You lose the actual magic.
UNK: What do you mean, "The actual magic"?
UNK: You think you're actually sawing women in half?
Finn : You going to tell me what's wrong with me or not?
House : Magic is cool. Actual magic is oxymoronic.
House : Might not even be oxy.
Finn : You're not going to tell me unless I tell you?
House : You got a nurse to plant the card.
Finn : I can't get a nurse to help me pee.
House : You got a buddy to plant the card.
Finn : The fun is in not knowing.
UNK: The fun is in knowing.
UNK: My head. Oh, I've got a headache.
House : How bad? Is it new?
Finn : It's not too bad.
UNK: I'll just take one of these Vicodin.
House : You eat a lot of beets, you have an electric toothbrush
House : and you sleep less than six hours a night.
Finn : That's impressive.
House : The red betamine from the beets stains the plaque deposits on your teeth,
House : which are then swirled by your spinning toothbrush.
House : Your heavy lids and your prematurely aging skin
House : tell me that you're carrying a major sleep debt.
Finn : That was way cooler before you explained it.
House : It was meaningless until I explained it.
Finn : People come to my show because they want a sense of wonder.
Finn : They want to experience something that they can't explain.
House : If the wonder's gone when the truth is known,
House : there never was any wonder.
UNK: You have tularemia from your rabbits. I put you on antibiotics.
House : You'll be better in a couple of days.
House : Sorry to spoil the mystery.
House : Thank you.
Cuddy : I'll get it.
House : Oh, my God!
Kutner : You're not wearing underwear. Of course, I'm...
UNK: A skirt that tight, you got no secrets.
UNK: A skirt that tight I can tell if you got an I IUD.
UNK: Have you seen Dr. Cole?
UNK: No...
UNK: You're blushing. I am not.
House : Look at me.
House : Oh, my God!
House : How'd you do it?
Cole : So I'm safe?
UNK: In this job, yeah. Your crotch, on the other hand...
House : How'd you do it?
Cole : Prayer, mostly.
House : Just tell me. Does Cuddy have her groove back?
Cole : It'd be rude of me to discuss.
House : You handed over her panties.
House : I don't think gallantry's really an option at this point.
UNK: If I tell you, then where is the magic?
Kutner : He passed out. Ultrasound revealed bleeding around his heart.
UNK: We drained 100 cc before it stopped.
Amber : The antibiotics aren't working.
UNK: It's obviously not tularemia or any other infection.
House : Excuse me, we were talking.
Taub : Bleeding around the heart could mean botched biopsy.
Taub : When Cole was looking for...
House : Why would you accuse the man
House : who decides your fate of screwing up?
Taub : Those really were her panties?
UNK: Cole has traveled through the forest of crustaceans
House : and brought us a treasure.
House : He has earned his reward.
Cole : If I could just get the immunity, I would...
House : No, Sophie. You can't.
House : Use whatever criteria you want.
UNK: 13 : Could be a clotting issue.
Amber : If he developed DIC after the surgery, even a normal biopsy bleeds out of control.