House : So, cardiac arrest and DIC. What's the common denominator?
UNK: Could be cancer. We've been looking at his chest
UNK: 13 : since he got here. It's clean.
Taub : So the main mass is somewhere else.
UNK: Throws off a clot, blocks an artery in his heart, causes the arrest.
House : Good. Go find out where he's hiding his cancer.
UNK: If you swallowed any more metal now would be a good time to tell us.
Finn : My hands feel kind of numb.
Cole : You lost a lot of blood.
Finn : I'm going to die.
UNK: Everybody gets scared in the hospital.
Cole : You're sick, you feel awful...
UNK: No.
Finn : This time tomorrow,
Finn : I'll be dead.
Amber : So who's going on the block?
Cole : He thinks he's dying.
Amber : He's probably right.
UNK: Tomorrow.
Amber : You decide to put me up, I totally get it.
Amber : Nothing personal.
Cole : I haven't decided anything.
Amber : But you don't like me.
Cole : I like you.
UNK: There's some fluid in the lungs.
Amber : No masses.
Amber : I'm manipulative. I play the game.
Amber : I can be a bitch.
Cole : There's a dark spot.
Amber : Damage from where the key ripped through.
Amber : You're probably expecting me to bash the others.
Amber : Give examples of how they screwed up. You know I can. I'm a good doctor.
Amber : As good as anybody around here. Probably better.
Amber : And you know that's the only thing that matters.
House : What's that?
UNK: It's not a tumor, it's another bleed. This one's in his kidney.
Cole : And his thigh. He's bleeding all over the place.
UNK: His timetable may be right on.
Cole : It was creepy. The patient predicted his own death.
House : Would have been more impressive if he predicted that he wasn't going to die.
House : Of course, that takes longer to prove.
Cole : Could be a symptom.
Cole : Sense of impending doom.
Amber : Yeah, could be adrenal gland disorders,
Amber : blood issues, anaphylaxis...
House : If you're going to kiss his ass to protect your ass,
House : at least wait until he's had a good idea.
House : It's a symptom of him being a charlatan.
House : He's a second-rate magician with a mysterious illness.
House : Why wouldn't he predict his own death?
House : If he's wrong, we all forget it. If he's right, he goes out a legend.
Kutner : He got scared right after a transfusion.
Kutner : Tainted blood has been known to cause a sense of impending doom.
UNK: It could also explain the DIC.
House : I predict all your pagers go off right now.
House : But if it had happened...
Foreman : Anyone bother looking at his panel? His immunoglobulin levels are low.
Cole : That doesn't tell us anything specific...
House : Are you acting stupid because you know you're safe? Clever.
Foreman : Low immunoglobulin plus failing heart, plus fluid in the lungs,
Foreman : plus internal bleeding equals amyloidosis.
Amber : He's bleeding way too much for amyloidosis.
House : Say anything about his hands or feet feeling weak?
Cole : He said his hands felt numb, but that's explained by the blood loss.
House : No! Do not give me credit for that.
House : Close doesn't count. That's how people get sucked into this stupidity.
Kutner : He's seizing.
UNK: Somebody stabilize him.
House : The rest of you pull his medical records. Go back 10 years.
House : Look for joint pain, fatigue, anything associated with amyloidosis.
Kutner : Mr. Finn, nod if you can hear me.
Kutner : You had a grand mal seizure.
Kutner : We're giving you liquids and an anticonvulsant.
Kutner : Just try to rest.
UNK: Pulse is dropping. He's stabilizing.
Kutner : You're not going to put me on the block, are you?
Cole : I haven't decided who I'm going to pick.
UNK: It's cool.
Kutner : His legs look swollen to you?
Cole : Slight swelling could be renal.
Kutner : I baby-sat for you.
Cole : I decided I'm going to make my decision based solely on who deserves to be here.
Kutner : That's admirable, though stupid.
Kutner : You shouldn't save the strongest. You should get rid of the strongest.