Monica : Where is everybody? They're 45 minutes late.
Chandler : I can't believe they're not here. I slave and I slave for what?
Chandler : They've ruined Cranberry Day.
Joey : - How late are we? - Forty-five minutes.
UNK: [scene : - Here. - Okay.
UNK: RacheI and Phoebe are already there, so they probably started without us.
UNK: We could just slip in, and no one needs to know where we were.
Ross : - You may want to lose the foam finger. - Oh, no, no, no.
Joey : You just want to put it on your hand.
Joey : - You're not at Thanksgiving? - No, we're late.
Rachel : - What are you doing here? - We're late too.
Joey : We figured we could be late because you'd be on time.
Phoebe : Don't point that thing at me, Tribbiani.
Ross : - Nobody's here? Monica's gonna kill us. - Yeah, where were you?
Chandler : - Well- - Yeah, what's with the trophy?
UNK: Well, we were at a spelling bee.
Rachel : And I won.
Ross : You won an adult Thanksgiving Day spelling bee?
Rachel : Yes. Y-E-S. Yes.
UNK: Let me see this. "Grand Supreme Little Darling, New York Division"?
Rachel : That's me.
UNK: You entered Emma in a beauty pageant?
Phoebe : And it looks like she put makeup on her.
Joey : Wait a second. Where have I seen that cowgirI outfit before?
Ross : I can't believe this. She's our daughter.
Ross : That you would treat her like some kind of show dog is inexcusable.
Rachel : - She won a thousand dollars. - So this is an annuaI thing?
UNK: That's Alicia May Emory's outfit!
Phoebe : Guys, there are people in there who are not getting any happier.
Ross : - What are we gonna do? - I gotta put Emma down for a nap.
UNK: And, Rach, while you're in there, throw something on Alicia May.
UNK: - All right, what are we gonna say? - We'll say that we were mugged.
Ross : You can't get mad at someone who's been mugged.
Phoebe : Good. But you don't look like you were mugged.
Joey : No. Here.
UNK: Hey!
Monica : Do you hear something?
Chandler : - They're out there. - Let me see.
Monica : I can't believe this. They're an hour late, and they're just standing there talking.
UNK: Everything's so distorted. It looks like Joey has a giant hand.
UNK: That says "Rangers" on it. They went to the game.
Monica : Oh, they are in for a world of pain.
Chandler : - Ross' shirt is torn. - They're late and they're sloppy.
UNK: All right, Emma's napping. What happened to your shirt?
Ross : I got mugged, and they stole my pocket.
UNK: We're just trying to figure out an excuse.
UNK: How about this?
UNK: We could say that Monica told us 5 : 00, not 4 : 00. That way we're right on time.
UNK: Or we could plant PCP in the apartment and call the cops on her.
Ross : That would be a good way to get rid of all the PCP we have Iying around.
UNK: We'll just say that she said it was 5 : 00.
UNK: We'll just act casuaI. We're not late, we're right on time.
UNK: "We know you're out there. "
Joey : Who do you think it's from?
Rachel : Oh, God, this is bad. This is so bad.
Ross : Well, let's just go in there and face them.
Phoebe : I'm not going in first. I bet that vein on Monica's forehead is popping like crazy.
Joey : I hate that thing. It's like a bolt of lightning.
UNK: Why don't we play Rock, Paper, Scissors, and whoever loses, goes in first.
UNK: - All right, I'm in. - Ready.