Monica : - Hey, guys. - Hey.
Rachel : - Hi. - Hey.
UNK: We need to talk about something.
UNK: Yeah. We don't feeI like we can host Thanksgiving this year.
All : - What? - Are you kidding?
UNK: Well, it's just with work and the stress of adoption...
UNK: ...we don't feeI like we have the energy.
Chandler : Plus, we don't think it's fair that every year the burden falls on us.
Ross : That doesn't sound like you.
Ross : That's Monica talking.
Chandler : - No, we made this decision together. - She's putting words in your mouth.
Joey : Don't you put words in people's mouths. You put turkey in people's mouths.
Rachel : I can't believe this. This is Emma's first Thanksgiving.
Monica : - No, it's not. - It's not? When was she born?
Phoebe : Well, personally, I think it's great you're giving yourself a break.
Monica : - Thank you, Pheebs. - Sure. It's just as well.
Phoebe : I mean, last year wasn't very good. I think she's losing her touch.
Monica : - What? You are way off, lady. - Am I? Really? Am I?
Phoebe : Well, why don't you cook Thanksgiving dinner and prove me wrong.
UNK: Well, think about it. You'd be trying to top what you did last year.
Phoebe : You'd be in competition with yourself.
UNK: That's my favorite kind.
Monica : Okay, we are doing this.
Chandler : Don't let yourself get manipulated this way.
Monica : Stay out of this, Chandler. This is between me and me.
Chandler : We are supposed to make these decisions together.
Chandler : Did you not watch the Dr. Phil I taped for you?
Monica : - Hey. - Hi. Happy Thanksgiving.
UNK: Happy Meatless Turkey-Murder Day.
Monica : You guys, I ordered some chocolate pies from that bakery on Bleeker.
Monica : - Could you pick them up for me? - You're not making the pies?
Monica : I don't make chocolate pies.
Monica : When I was younger, I entered this pie-eating contest.
UNK: I ate so many that the thought of them makes me sick.
Rachel : Did you at least win the contest?
UNK: Two minutes, twelve pies and a part of one tin.
UNK: - Okay, I'll see you guys at 4. - Can't wait.
Monica : This dinner is gonna be so great. In your face, last-year me.
Phoebe : - Hey, Rach? - Yeah.
Phoebe : What's Emma doing today?
Rachel : Well, let's see, I know that she has a meeting with her lawyer...
Rachel : ...and then she has to make a very big poop.
Phoebe : - Why? - I want to enter her in a baby pageant.
Rachel : Oh, my God. That's the creepiest thing I've ever heard.
UNK: Okay, but before you say no, my friend Suzanne is entering her kid.
Phoebe : And compared to Emma, she's a reaI dog.
UNK: - Phoebe, all babies are beautifuI. - Oh, okay.
UNK: No. Phoebe, just the idea of pitting one baby against another...
Rachel : ...I mean, you know, and judging who's cuter just for a trophy...
Rachel : - And a thousand dollars. - ... is something I'm very interested in.
Rachel : Oh, please, do not tell Ross.
UNK: He still believes that what's on the inside is important.
UNK: Okay. And Emma needs a cowgirI outfit for the competition.
Rachel : Where am I gonna get a cowgirI outfit on Thanksgiving?
Phoebe : Well, I was thinking-
Rachel : Take the clothes off Joey's Cabbage Patch Kid!
Monica : Did someone drop the baton again?
Chandler : Why come all the way from Kansas to do that?