UNK: 'Cause a simpler technique is just to ask.
UNK: I was doing something nice. No.
House : That doesn't fit.
Adams : He's only had three concussions since he was 10.
Adams : It's not enough to cause CTE.
Chase : Three reported concussions.
Chase : These guys are taught in high school how to dupe the tests.
UNK: Guilt? This is really insulting.
Chase : It's not guilt. Park is a friend.
House : So it's guilt.
House : Chase convinced you to leave Mommy and now he feels responsible.
House : No MRI.
House : Do a psych eval, if he doesn't start weeping again, send him home.
Duncan : Dr. Wilson?
UNK: Duncan?
UNK: James.
Duncan : Nice to meet you.
Wilson : It's nice to meet you.
UNK: Um...
Wilson : How are you doing?
UNK: Good.
UNK: Good.
Wilson : I got you this.
UNK: Oh.
Park : Thank you.
Wilson : Go ahead. Okay.
Wilson : It's got three games built-in,
Wilson : but you can download more from the website.
Chase : I know.
Wilson : You already have one.
Duncan : I can always use a backup.
Waitress : Hi. Can I start you with something to drink?
Duncan : Just water, please.
Waitress : You got a GameDeck? Way to go, Dad.
Taub : According to your psych eval,
Taub : the only thing happier than you is Disneyland.
Bobby : I'm sorry you had to see me like that last night.
Bobby : I'm just upset about being in the hospital, I'm on some weird meds.
Bobby : But they must be working, because I'm feeling a lot better now.
Taub : Depression could be the symptom of a serious illness, CTE.
Bobby : Yeah. My aunt sends me every article she can find on it.
UNK: Then you know it could kill you.
Bobby : In the long run, like a lot of things.
Taub : You might be right.
Taub : And an MRI could confirm that.
Bobby : I have enough evidence of head trauma in my file already, so...
Duncan : My mom said you had trouble maintaining relationships with normal people.
Duncan : She also said you were a nice guy.
Duncan : I always figured she was lying
Duncan : 'cause she didn't want me to hate my deadbeat dad.
Wilson : I didn't know.
Duncan : I know, now.
Wilson : You're a bright kid.
Duncan : Thanks to you. Thanks to my mom,
Duncan : I'm also a big, soft-hearted wuss.
Wilson : I think you may have gotten that from both of us.
UNK: I got to go, but it was really nice meeting you.
Wilson : It was nice meeting you, Duncan.
Duncan : You want to hang out again?
UNK: Absolutely. Tonight?
UNK: Tonight?
UNK: Well, I... There's...
Wilson : That would be great.
Duncan : Okay. I'll text you.