UNK: Thank you. How'd you talk him into it?
Chase : He agreed once I promised him anonymity.
Chase : Mr. and Mrs. Doe liked the name John, apparently.
Chase : Unfortunately, we just wasted his time and proved House right.
UNK: Nothing?
Taub : What about that? That's an artifact.
Taub : That's a density.
Taub : I know you think I'm convincing myself,
Taub : but this brain has been hammered for years,
Taub : meaning evidence may be subtle, but it's there.
Chase : Patient's stroking out.
UNK: The good news is ifs isolated ophthalmoplegia,
Taub : which means he didn't have a stroke.
House : Bad news is Taub was right. You're still sick.
House : I said "right", not "competent".
House : Bursts your CTE bubble. You're gonna need a whole new theory
House : to keep Uncle Jesse and his Olsen Twins on the bench.
Taub : Can we discuss my incompetence somewhere else?
Bobby : Dr. House. Could I talk to you for a minute?
Taub : Could be neurosyphilis.
Chase : He's only 22.
Taub : And he's been on the road since he was 14.
House : So he was trash even before he was trash?
UNK: Are you curious about what he wanted?
Taub : I assume he wanted me off the case,
Taub : and you told him I was hit in the head as a child,
Taub : and your mother made you promise to take care of me.
House : He was doing what he always does.
House : Sticking up for the little guy.
House : He told me to apologize to you,
House : or he would excrete down my throat.
House : I'm paraphrasing.
House : So if he should ask, I was a gentleman,
House : or I will excrete down your throat.
Chase : Microscopic polyangiitis fits.
Taub : We should start plasmapheresis immediately.
Chase : We need to run an ANCA panel to confirm first.
Chase : Putting him on plasmapheresis could make him bleed out.
Taub : MPA can progress quickly.
Taub : We may not have time before it reaches his lungs.
House : I think you're right, thus confirming my objectivity.
House : Start the treatment.
House : Miserable yet?
Wilson : He's polite, well-adjusted, and a straight-A student.
Taub : Which means he doesn't need you.
House : So why don't you get out while the butterfly effect
House : is still in the cocoon stage.
Wilson : I'm making him dinner.
House : You don't make an 11-year-old dinner.
UNK: You give him ajar of peanut butter.
Wilson : It'll be fine.
Wilson : I could give this kid a quinoa salad
Wilson : and he would eat it just to be nice.
House : 'Cause he's a gutless placater, just like his dad.
Wilson : He's nice.
House : This is a terrible idea.
Wilson : Because we like each other?
UNK: Yes. Because of the statement, "We like each other."
House : You've known him 25 minutes.
House : All you know about him is that he'd lie about a quinoa salad,
House : whatever the hell that is.
Wilson : You're jealous of an 11-year-old
House : because you are an 11-year-old.
Wilson : So tell me about yourself.
Wilson : I mean you're smart, you're nice, but what else?
Duncan : I don't know. I'm a kid.
UNK: Right.
Wilson : What are you looking for?
UNK: Nothing.
Wilson : You want peanut butter?
Duncan : Do you have prosciutto?
Wilson : You like prosciutto? I'm weird.