Izzie : Hey. I've been looking for you.
MVO : Hey.
Izzie : - I'm on the quints case. - Yeah, I heard.
UNK: They'll need multiple surgeries.
Izzie : I put you on the pager list. So you're in too.
UNK: Yeah, I kind of got my own cases to worry about, so...
Izzie : OK, Alex, was it me?
UNK: Because we seemed to be actually having a normal time, a good time.
Alex : Yeah, we were having a good time.
Izzie : Well, then, was it me? Was it something I did?
UNK: It wasn't you, OK? It was just...
UNK: Look, I didn't feel like doing it. I was tired, you know.
UNK: Izzie smiles : Well, do you feel like doing it tonight?
UNK: Alex half nods but still looks uncomfortable : I'm on call, so...
Izzie : OK. Well, do you feel like doing it now?
UNK: Alex intrigued : Right now?
UNK: People have sex in this hospital all the time.
George : - You hear about the quints? - Yeah, I heard.
George : I gotta get in on that.
Meredith : Yeah, well, that's Addison, so I'm guessing I don't stand a chance.
UNK: So how do you break a guy's penis?
UNK: You know about Steve?
Meredith : Why does every guy I meet
Meredith : come with his own unique set of nightmarish humiliations?
George : - Maybe it's a matter of volume. - Volume? What's that supposed to mean?
UNK: I'm just... There's quality and then there's quantity.
UNK: Meredith accusatory : So, you think I'm sleeping with too many guys? You think I'm some kind of slut?
UNK: I think you are taking some risks.
UNK: I think you'll find yourself in some guy's basement
UNK: being ordered to do things or you'll get the hose again.
Cristina : - Come on. - I'm talking.
George : So you're not over Derek. You want to be, but you're not.
UNK: You're trying to find a replacement, a way to feel better.
UNK: But it's not going to work because a future of meaningless one-night stands
George : and problematic penises is not what you want.
George : You want better, and you deserve better.
George : And not every guy is a nightmare.
UNK: - If it's me, just tell me it's me. - It's not you.
Izzie : Well, then is it a medical thing, or a problem?
Izzie : Because guys have problems sometimes.
Alex : I don't have a problem.
Alex : Get back down here. We're gonna do this until we do it.
Cristina : OK.
Izzie : 911. I'm sorry.
Izzie : Damn it.
Addison : - Where have you been? - I um... I... The nurse was here.
Addison : I've loaded her up with magnesium. Start monitoring her for toxicity.
Dorie : It's too soon. They can't come yet.
Tom : Mom says Graham started puking.
Tom : What is it? What's going on?
UNK: - She's having contractions. - Vital signs are stable.
Addison : Your placenta is laying low. We'll keep an eye on that.
UNK: We want them in there longer.