Steve : Do you think it's serious? It hurts like it is.
UNK: You realize this is insane.
Meredith : We have to stash him somewhere until we figure this out.
UNK: - I can't have people finding out. - I'm not going down for this.
UNK: - It's not my fault you broke his penis. - You broke his what?
UNK: Bailey calls out : Don't make me chase you down. I'm growing a person here.
UNK: Cristina looks pointedly at Meredith : I gotta check on some labs.
Dorie : How's it look?
Izzie : - Not bad. - Not bad?
UNK: "Not bad" is good when you have five babies in your uterus.
Dorie : It's Kate. She kicks me so hard it's like a belly burn every time.
UNK: Izzie raises her eyebrows but looking at Dorie's patient file : You've named them already?
Dorie : I know you think I'm crazy, or maybe just a little bit stupid?
Izzie : Mrs. Russell, I'm sorry if I've offended you...
Dorie : The only thing that will offend me is if you pretend
UNK: you didn't judge me immediately.
UNK: We'll spend a lot of time together, so we may as well be honest.
Izzie : If you had reduced the fetuses even by two,
UNK: the others could've been carried longer, been more developed and healthier.
UNK: You're about the sixteenth doctor who's told me that.
Dorie : This one up here, this is Charlotte.
Dorie : She's the stubborn one.
Dorie : Lodged under my rib cage and won't budge.
Dorie : Over here, Lucy.
Dorie : She's a badass.
Dorie : She gets kicked, she kicks back.
Dorie : Emily, she has the hiccups almost every day.
Dorie : And over here is Julie, she's pretty mellow.
Dorie : Every once in a while she just turns over,
Dorie : which brings us back to Kate.
Izzie : - Who gives you belly burn. - Every time she kicks.
Meredith : We were just bringing him up here because he's got this problem.
UNK: And he's a... a friend.
Bailey : What did your friend take?
Bailey : - Take? - Which erectile dysfunction drug?
UNK: Meredith to Steve : - You took... - Absolutely not, I swear.
UNK: Steve to Meredith : - It was all natural between us. - Shut up.
Bailey : Your condition is called priapism,
Bailey : usually brought on by the overuse of EDs.
Steve : I didn't take anything.
Bailey : We'll have to take your word for it. There's no test to see if you're lying.
UNK: We'll have to look for other causes.
UNK: There'll be lots of labs, lots of procedures.
Bailey : Painful procedures.
UNK: Procedures which might make you wish you never had a penis.
UNK: - Sure you won't change your story? - I swear I'm clean.
UNK: All right. Grey, start his workup.
Bailey : Get some blood. Get him some meperidine for his pain.
Bailey : As of now, your friend is admitted.
Addison : Dorie Russell, she's giving birth to quints.
Derek : Richard said we were on standby.
UNK: Which is no problem. It's not like I have a neurosurgery department to run.
Burke : Yes. Apparently our departments are at her disposal.
UNK: Do you have time to talk to the mom? I want her to meet all her surgeons.
Derek : - Yes, no problem. - I'll come by after I finish in the OR.
Addison : - Thank you, Dr. Burke. - Sure!
Addison : I didn't hear you leave the hotel room this morning.
Derek : I had an early surgery.
UNK: You're sure that's all? Nothing's wrong?
UNK: No, like I said, I had an early surgery.
Cristina : OK.
Dorie : I feel like a beached whale.
Addison : Dorie, this is Dr. Shepherd, he's our head of neurosurgery.
UNK: - Another Dr. Shepherd? - He's my husband, actually.
UNK: Seriously? Wow, look at you two. Everybody must hate you.
UNK: Derek and Addison together smiling : You have no idea.
Addison : Anyway, Dorie, Dr. Shepherd wants to talk to you about Baby "C."
Dorie : - Lucy. - Lucy has hydrocephalus.
UNK: It is a build-up of cerebrospinal fluid on the brain.
Dorie : OK, and that means...
UNK: The fluid puts pressure on the baby's brain,
Derek : which could result in brain damage.