UNK: l'm sorry, the song's over.
UNK: -Did you see me up there? -Every little bit of you.
UNK: l can't believe l sang in front of people and they liked me.
UNK: Did you hear that guy shouting, ''Look at those tips''?
UNK: l mean, did l really help you get a lot of tips?
UNK: Sure.
UNK: -Mon, not that you didn't sound good.... -Good?
UNK: Didn't you hear them? l was great!
Monica : Thank you so much for making me do this. That is the best gift ever.
UNK: Also a good gift : underwear.
Monica : Thank you so much for letting me do this.
UNK: Public bathrooms freak me out. l can't even pee, let alone do anything else.
UNK: But what's great is you don't mind talking about it.
UNK: lt is so amazing that l met you on the same day that Eric broke up with me...
UNK: ...because it's like, you lose a boyfriend, and you get a boyfriend.
UNK: No, don't worry. This is not some rebound thing. l am totally over Eric.
Ross : Good choice, Ross.
Rachel : Hey. Hi. There you are.
UNK: -l've been looking for you everywhere. -Hello. Well, here l am.
UNK: My mom is not bringing the baby back until 9 : 00.
UNK: So l was hoping you and l could have a chance to kind of--
UNK: -Somebody here? -Oh, yeah. That's Michelle.
UNK: -Who? -Oh, just this woman l've been seeing.
UNK: -You've been seeing someone? -Yeah, didn't l mention that?
UNK: l mean, we haven't been going out too long...
UNK: ...but there's this amazing connection between us.
UNK: l mean, in fact just before you came in, she called me her boyfriend.
UNK: l thought it was a little too soon, but also, it felt kind of nice.
Michelle : What are you taking amoxicillin for?
Ross : How great is this? You're already comfortable enough...
Ross : ...to look through my stuff.
UNK: l'm sorry, Michelle, this is my roommate, Rachel.
UNK: And l'm also Emma's mother.
UNK: -Who's Emma? -l told you about my daughter.
Michelle : This is your daughter?
UNK: l could be your new mommy.
Chandler : And done.
Phoebe : Oh, my God.
UNK: l didn't feel a thing. Hey, are you still looking for a job?
UNK: Because you could tweeze circles around that sadistic bitch at the salon.
UNK: -Thanks. Wanna see what it looks like? -Yeah.
Joey : They totally match. They look great.
Joey : They look great. How you doing?
UNK: Yeah, l think it looks pretty good. l was a little worried l was...
Chandler : ...uncovering a birthmark right about there...
UNK: ...but it turned out to be a little piece of chocolate.
UNK: -Chandler, thank you so much. -No problem.
UNK: Listen, that was a pretty girlie hour we just spent.
UNK: We should do something manly to make up for it.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: -Curl my eyelashes. -Yeah!
UNK: For my next song, l think l'll sing something a little more upbeat, all right?
UNK: How about the Pointer Sisters' ''l'm So Excited''?
UNK: And make it bouncy.
UNK: Well, you can probably take care of that on your end.
UNK: l'm sorry l'm late. You'll understand when you see Joey.
UNK: Honey, you're just in time. l'm about to sing another song.
UNK: -Really? ln front of all these people? -And they love me.
Phoebe : -Oh, my God. -She gives the people what they want.
Monica : All right, watch.