Rachel : You are mean boys who are just being mean!
UNK: Don't get mad! No one forced you to raise the stakes.
Rachel : That is not true! She forced me!
UNK: You got the question wrong.
UNK: It was a stupid, unfair question!
UNK: Don't blame the questions!
Chandler : Stop yelling in our apartment! You are ruining moving day for us.
UNK: Chandler!
Ross : I saw what you were doing in the window!
Ross : I saw what you're doing to my sister! Get out here!
Chandler : Listen, we had a good run.
Chandler : What was it? Four, five months?
Chandler : That's more than most people have in a lifetime. Goodbye.
Monica : Hey, Ross. What's up, bro?
UNK: What the hell are you doing?
Ross : What's going on?
Chandler : I think Ross knows about me and Monica.
Joey : Dude, he's right there.
Ross : I thought you were my best friend! This is my sister!
Ross : My best friend and my sister! I cannot believe this!
Chandler : We're not just messing around. I love her.
Chandler : I'm in love with her.
Monica : I'm so sorry that you had to find out this way.
UNK: I'm sorry, but it's true. I love him too.
Ross : My best friend and my sister!
Ross : I cannot believe this!
Monica : This is the last box of your clothes.
UNK: I'm just gonna labeI it "What were you thinking?"
UNK: I was gonna go across the hall and write that on Chandler.
UNK: Guys, I don't wanna make things worse, but...
UNK: ...I don't want to live with RacheI anymore.
UNK: You're so mean to each other.
UNK: I don't wanna end up like that with RacheI. I still like you.
UNK: That's fine because I'm not moving.
Monica : Phoebe, you gotta take her.
UNK: I said some bad stuff...
UNK: ...but RacheI has qualities that make her a good roommate.
UNK: She gets tons of catalogs and folds down the pages of things I'd like.
Phoebe : What else?
Monica : When I take a shower...
UNK: ...she leaves me notes on the mirror.
UNK: I do. I do do that.
UNK: That's nice. I like having things to read in the bathroom.
Monica : When I fall asleep on the couch...
UNK: ...she covers me with a blanket.
UNK: Well, you know, I don't want you to be cold.
Monica : And when I told her that I was gonna move in with Chandler...
Monica : ...she was really supportive.
Monica : You were so great.
Monica : You made it so easy.
Monica : And now you have to leave.
Monica : And I have to live with a boy!
Monica : - She really left. - I know.
Monica : - Thank you. - No problem, roomie.
Monica : - Can I ask you a question? - Sure.
Monica : What the hell is that dog doing here?
UNK: A little toast here. Ding, ding!
Chandler : This isn't exactly the kind of Thanksgiving you planned...
Chandler : ...but for me this has been really great.
Chandler : I think because it didn't involve divorce...
Chandler : ...or projectile vomiting.