Hayley : I'm happy you found her.
UNK: Hey.
Beckett : - What is it? - You tell me.
Rita : I know. I've got a lot of explaining to do.
Castle : You lied to me.
Castle : You looked me right in the eye and you lied.
Castle : Why didn't you tell me about Vikram?
Beckett : - I couldn't. - Come on.
Vikram : The AG's office has strict protocols, Castle.
Castle : You're not with the AG's office anymore.
Beckett : I did what I did to protect you.
Beckett : He gave me a Class Seven distress code.
Beckett : That's life or death. I mean, what did you want me to do?
Castle : Tell me the truth.
Castle : Come on, do you have any idea how worried I was?
Beckett : Yeah, I do. I was gone for 36 hours.
Beckett : A year ago, you were gone for eight weeks.
Beckett : - Eight weeks. - That was different.
Beckett : Sure was. You still don't remember what happened
Beckett : during six of those weeks.
Beckett : And yet, I trusted you. So please, just trust me.
Beckett : I didn't do this to hurt you, I did it to protect you.
Castle : Why am I so angry?
UNK: Yeah, you know what?
Beckett : When the shoe was on the other foot, I felt the same way.
Castle : No, that's not it. It's you. Because I've seen this before.
Beckett : What is that supposed to mean?
Castle : Nothing. Just that we work better as a team.
Beckett : Of course we do.
UNK: Yeah. Together we can figure this out.
Castle : We can figure anything out. Just like always.
Rita : I know.
Beckett : Okay, no more secrets.
Beckett : No more secrets.
Ryan : Let me get this straight. So, you and Vikram here,
Ryan : you're being hunted by a secret death squad
UNK: that's being sanctioned by someone deep inside the CIA.
Ryan : And you don't want any help?
Vikram : Haven't you been paying attention? There is no help.
Esposito : Bro, the AG's office has resources.
Beckett : It wouldn't matter. These people have the power to pull strings,
Beckett : to make evidence, cases, people disappear.
Beckett : We can't work through the system.
Castle : So we have to work outside the system.
Castle : Beckett's right,
UNK: we can't fight a faceless enemy who lives in the shadows
Castle : unless we drag him out into the light.
Beckett : What do you mean?
Castle : Whoever's behind this memo relies on secrecy.
Castle : The one and only thing that LokSat fears...
Beckett : - Is exposure they can't control. - Exactly.
UNK: Ifwe pour enough light on this conspiracy...
Castle : Then whoever's behind it can't come after you or Vikram.
Beckett : Because everyone will be watching.
Castle : And I know exactly how to turn those lights on.
UNK: Tonight at 11 : 00, a live interview with famed mystery novelist Richard Castle
Newscaster : and NYPD captain Katherine Beckett,
Newscaster : with disturbing allegations of a murderous conspiracy...
Castle : Beckett is in hiding right now,
Castle : but I guarantee you she will be here for this interview.
UNK: You're not gonna regret this.
UNK: Tv Station Manager : Hey, thanks for the exclusive, Rick.
UNK: I got eyes on Castle. Oh, no.
Brooks : Don't worry. They won't be making that interview.
Vikram : This is a stupid plan. We should definitely rethink it.
Beckett : It's our only play, Vikram.
UNK: AII right, the live interview is set for 11 : 00.
UNK: We should be there by 10 : 30.
UNK: Castle.
Brooks : Drop it. Drop your weapon!
Brooks : - Put it down. - Okay.
UNK: Walk.
Brooks : Lady, I have never worked so hard to kill one person in my entire life.
Castle : Okay. So did you guys get lost,
UNK: or you were just waiting to the last possible second to save us?
Esposito : A little distracted in there. You got a fully stocked bar, satellite TV.
UNK: And we ordered some sushi on your credit card,
UNK: so I hope you don't mind.
UNK: We got to get his phone.
Beckett : It'll tell us who's been giving him orders.