Rita : I've been trying to get an identity for over a year,
Rita : and every time I get a lead, itjust evaporates.
Beckett : What's this person's connection to Bracken?
Rita : They were partners. As you know, the Senator was working
Rita : with a drug dealer by the name ofVulcan Simmons.
Rita : They were using the profits to fund Bracken's presidential campaign.
UNK: I mean, you must have wondered how they got away with it for so long.
Rita : They were protected by Bracken's mystery partner.
Rita : They were using CIA resources to import the drugs into the country.
Vikram : Wow. That's life imprisonment right there.
Beckett : That's a political nuke.
Rita : That's why they're so willing to kill, to protect their anonymity.
Esposito : Is Bracken normally in solitary?
Guard : No. After he met with Mr. Castle, he attacked a guard.
Ryan : So you stuck him in the hole. Must've figured it was his safest bet.
Rita : William Bracken was just killed in prison.
Rita : This changes things.
Rita : I'm afraid the only way that you and Vikram
UNK: are gonna be able to stay alive is ifyou go on the run,
UNK: and one day I hope I will be able to root out the Big Bad,
UNK: and get the target taken offyour backs.
Rita : One day?
Rita : Yes, dear. I'm afraid the life that you were living yesterday is over.
UNK: Allison Hyde : Detectives. I'm Allison Hyde. We spoke on the phone.
UNK: Hey. Prison was hacked into right before the murder.
UNK: Security cameras in solitary were turned off.
UNK: These guys are professional ghosts.
Hyde : Listen, I'm not here to run roughshod over you.
UNK: Captain Beckett is one ofyours. And rescuing her is priority one.
Hyde : Now, where's Richard Castle?
UNK: Well, we're not sure. why?
Hyde : Honestly, I think he could be our most valuable asset
Hyde : in locating Captain Beckett.
Hyde : But I need to know whether he can be trusted.
Ryan : Castle loves Beckett more than anything,
Ryan : and he's desperate to find her.
Hyde : So you're confident that he's been telling you everything?
Alexis : Other than Bracken's name, there's nothing actionable in the memo itself.
UNK: Only the word "LokSat."
Castle : There's something else written after it, but it's too smudged to read.
Alexis : I'll try and sharpen it.
UNK: "2-0-1-1 ." A "B" and a "D."
UNK: AII right, what does that mean?
UNK: Uh, 2011 could be the year.
UNK: I don't know what "BD" means.
Castle : It's Esposito.
Castle : - Hey, what's up? - Yo. where are you?
Castle : - At the office. - What are you working on?
Castle : Nothing. You sidelined me, remember?
Esposito : Yeah, well, the Assistant AG is here, Allison Hyde.
Esposito : She wants you to come down to the precinct immediately.
Castle : - I can't. - Castle, you were supposed to wait...
UNK: Look, it's gonna take me half an hour to get there.
Castle : Why don't we just jump on a video conference?
Castle : Give me a minute to dial you in.
UNK: AII right, you two should get out of sight.
UNK: I'm not gonna mention we have this document.
Castle : People connected to this thing are getting killed all over the place.
UNK: So no sense putting ourselves in the crosshairs.
Hayley : - Agreed. - Thanks.
Hyde : Mr. Castle. We never met when you were in D.C., but I read the reports.
UNK: You helped us out of a very tricky situation.
Castle : What can I say? My life kind of depended on it.
Hyde : Given the stakes here, I'm going to be blunt.
Hyde : Are you currently in contact with Captain Beckett?
Castle : - No. - But she did rescue you last night.
Castle : Yes, and then she left me. So it's kind of a sore subject.
Hyde : Did she happen to say anything about the man with her? Vikram Singh.
Castle : No. why?
Hyde : When we started digging into him,
Hyde : we noticed some alarming discrepancies.
Ryan : What kind of discrepancies?
Hyde : It appears that he forged his records to get a job with us.
Hyde : Vikram Singh is not the man he's pretending to be.
Hyde : Which means we have to assume that he's up to no good.
Vikrum : Hey, you hungry?
UNK: I made a decision.
Beckett : I'm not running. But you should.
Vikram : Are you crazy?
UNK: Uh, maybe, but I owe it to Rachel and to the others.
UNK: And I sure as hell am not gonna Iet someone chase me away
UNK: from the life that I've worked so hard to create.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Then I'm sticking with you.
Vikram : Are you sure?
Beckett : Because you're not exactly trained for war.
Vikram : Yes, I'm sure. Thank you. That was mean.
Vikram : I just feel like I would be safer with you than not with you.
Rita : You ready?
Beckett : We're staying.
Beckett : Worst case scenario, we're gonna smoke out
Beckett : the mystery man before we die,
Beckett : and I am trusting you to put him down ifwe do.
Rita : Jackson was right. You're a very impressive woman.
UNK: Okay. when you need me, dial this number
Rita : and tell the operator that you want your curtains cleaned.
Rita : I'm really glad we met.
UNK: And ifyou survive, we really must get the families together.
Vikram : Just us again.
Vikram : What now?
Beckett : Now we figure out what the hell "LokSat 2011 BD" means.