UNK: I'm gonna need insulin.
Beckett : Yeah, well, one medical emergency at a time.
Vikram : Is it bad?
Beckett : It could be worse.
UNK: I'm gonna start sewing,
UNK: and you're gonna tell me what the hell is going on here.
UNK: Yesterday morning, I got an alert
Vikram : that a pending inter-agency database search generated a result.
Vikram : Right away I knew it was weird, because the search was two years old.
Vikram : It was instigated by a former agent named Kate Beckett.
Beckett : What was the search for?
UNK: The document it uncovered was
Vikram : a just declassified electronic memo, heavily redacted.
Vikram : From what I could tell, it detailed a meeting
Vikram : between a federal official of some kind and Senator william Bracken.
Beckett : When I started at the AG's office, I ran a keyword search,
Beckett : hunting for criminality connected to Bracken,
Beckett : and I never got a hit.
Vikram : Well, yesterday you did.
Vikram : And five people are dead because of it.
Beckett : You okay?
UNK: Yeah. I just...
Beckett : I thought I would never see him again.
Beckett : I thought that I'd finally put this all behind me.
UNK: No, I don't think you ever get over something like that.
UNK: It becomes a part ofwho you are.
Vikram : My sister died when I was a kid.
Vikram : I still think about her all the time.
Beckett : Tell me everything you remember about the memo.
UNK: Uh, most of it was redacted.
Vikram : But there was a word written in the margin. "LokSat."
Vikram : That made me curious, so I looked it up.
UNK: Came up empty, so I just forwarded the whole thing to Agent McCord
Vikram : and forgot about it.
Vikram : Twelve hours later, they were dead and I was running for my life.
Beckett : Your search must have triggered an alarm.
Beckett : That memo was most likely declassified by accident.
Beckett : Whatever LokSat is, these people will clearly do anything to keep it a secret.
UNK: William Bracken : Detective Beckett, you are the last person I expected to see.
Beckett : Why is that? You thought I'd be dead by now?
Bracken : I don't have the slightest idea what you're talking about.
Beckett : Rachel McCord, Matt Hendricks. Five murdered federal agents.
UNK: - Ringin' a bell? - Not a one.
UNK: And how about this one?
UNK: LokSat.
UNK: How do you know aboutLokSat?
Beckett : Doesn't matter how.
UNK: The question is, what is it?
Beckett : And why is there a hit squad running around the East Coast,
Beckett : killing people to protect it?
Bracken : - We're through here. - The hell we are.
UNK: Just by being here, you've put a target on myback.
Bracken : You may as well kill yourself right now, Kate.
UNK: You have stumbled onto something which is so over your head,
Bracken : I'm amazed you're still alive.
Castle : What did Beckett say that freaked him out so much?
UNK: How do you know aboutLokSat?
Beckett : Doesn't matter how.
UNK: The question is, what is it?
UNK: And why is there a hitsquad running around the East Coast,
Beckett : killing people to protect it?
UNK: LokSat. Never heard of it.
UNK: Me neither. But it clearly scares the hell out of Bracken.
Castle : Figuring out what it means is key.
UNK: And that's exactly what Beckett is doing.
Ryan : Well, why don't we talk to Bracken and find out?
Ryan : No, not you, Castle. You're radioactive with this guy.
Esposito : Yeah, you should stay here and wait for the Assistant AG.
Esposito : She's on her way up from D.C. to bring some federal muscle.
UNK: AII right.
Castle : Hey, Alexis, I have another clue.
Alexis : - So do we. - We?
Alexis : Me and Hayley. Her feelers paid off.
Alexis : Vikram showed up at a hotel in Midtown an hour after they left the prison.
Castle : - Was Beckett with him? - I don'tknow. Wejustgothere.
Alexis : I'll call you as soon as we figure anything out.