UNK: Vikram Singh : - Beckett. - Yeah.
Vikram : Is this really over?
UNK: Hey.
UNK: Hey. Just wanted to say goodbye.
Hayley : It's been fun working with you.
Alexis : You, too. where are you headed?
Hayley : Chicago and then Denver.
UNK: Gonna be living out of a suitcase for the next few weeks,
Hayley : eating room service, watching bad reality television, you know, my life.
Alexis : Well, maybe I can call you sometime if I need some advice.
Alexis : Or to talk about The Bachelor.
Hayley : I'd like that.
Beckett : So do you need a lift, or are you just checking in on me?
Rita : I'm happy you're alive.
Beckett : So do you believe that Allison Hyde masterminded all of this?
Rita : Of course not. Neither do you.
Rita : Hyde was a convenient scapegoat.
Rita : The person behind the LokSat memo is still out there, still thriving.
Beckett : So what should we do?
UNK: We? No. I'm gonna ferret out that son of a bitch.
UNK: You are gonna go home to that good-Iooking husband ofyours.
UNK: - You're not gonna let this go, are you? - I can't.
UNK: Why not?
Rita : What is this obsession in the heart ofyou?
Rita : Your mother's murder's been avenged.
Beckett : I thought I put it all behind me.
Beckett : But it's back, and it's stronger than ever.
Rita : A devil like that is very hard to cast out.
Rita : But you have to try.
Rita : Don't you see the gift that you've been given?
Rita : Allison Hyde was a patsy. LokSat will leave you alone.
Rita : Don't end up like me. Go, live your life.
Beckett : Friends of mine were killed because of me.
Rita : Their deaths weren't your fault, Kate. Surely you must see that.
UNK: Still, I gotta do something.
Beckett : And, you know, maybe in doing it, that'll give me peace,
Beckett : and I'll be able to move on.
Rita : - Do you love Castle? - Yeah.
UNK: Then why do you wanna get him killed?
Rita : Have you forgotten why I never see my husband?
Rita : Attachments are liabilities,
UNK: Ieverage to be used against us by our enemies.
Beckett : So I have to choose between finding the killer and being with Rick?
Beckett : That's ridiculous.
Rita : That's the job.
Rita : Five people were killed because of a redacted memo.
UNK: What do you think is gonna happen if LokSat finds out
Rita : that you and Castle are working together on this?
Rita : You're a big girl. Dive down the rabbit hole ifyou must,
Rita : but think twice about who you bring with you.
Rita : Because unlike McCord and her team,
Rita : anybody who dies now, that blood is on you.
Castle : Hey! How about breakfast for dinner?
UNK: Making smorlets. which is technically dessert for dinner, but we...
Castle : You going somewhere?
Beckett : I'm sorry.
Beckett : I love you so much.
Beckett : What are you doing?
Beckett : I have to go.
UNK: Why?
Beckett : I have to get my head right. I have to figure some things out
UNK: so that we can have a happily ever after.
UNK: Where is this coming from?
UNK: Is it because ofyour AG team?
UNK: Because of Bracken?
Castle : Why are you giving up on our marriage?
Beckett : I'm trying to save it.
Castle : By leaving me?
UNK: Look, ifyou have a problem, we have a problem.
Castle : That's how this works.
Beckett : No, Castle. Not this time.
Castle : Whatever it is, Beckett, we can figure it out.
Castle : Like always.
Beckett : Rick, do you trust me?
Rita : Of course.
Beckett : I need you to trust me now. I have to do this on my own.
UNK: And when it's done, I hope that...
UNK: I hope you'll have room in your heart to take me back.
Castle : You know, before Bracken was killed,
Castle : he told me you'd never be happy just being my wife.
UNK: Please do not tell me that son of a bitch knew you better than I do.
Beckett : I love you.
Beckett : I always will. Forgive me.