Beckett : It's encrypted. Can you crack it?
Vikram : This is military grade encryption. It's gonna take a while.
Beckett : Well, work fast.
Beckett : It's the only link we have to LokSat.
Hayley : Hey, guys.
Hayley : So a funny thing happened on the way to the airport.
Man : Drop the hardware, now.
UNK: Ah!
Vikram : You are so cool.
Hyde : I'll call you when we get to D.C.
Beckett : Just promise me this. No deals.
Beckett : Find out who they really are,
Beckett : and use that to uncover whoever's behind the LokSat memo.
UNK: Five of my agents are dead.
Vikram : Believe me, I'm getting the bastard responsible.
Hyde : But I recommend you keep a security detail at all times.
Hyde : The AG's office can provide a team.
Esposito : She's already got one.
UNK: Any chance I could interest you in a return to washington?
Hyde : I could offer a prestigious command.
Ryan : She's already got one of those, too.
UNK: Uh, thank you, Ms. Hyde, but I'm happy here.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Uh, everyone, can you, uh, gather around forjust one second?
UNK: Gather around, gather around. Come on over here.
Beckett : What are you doing?
UNK: Um, although she is a little bit late reporting to duty,
UNK: Iet us give an official welcome to her first command, Captain Kate Beckett.
Ryan : - Speech. - Speech, Captain, speech!
UNK: You know, I thought I would be spending my first few days here
Beckett : with my head buried in paperwork, but so much for that. Um...
Beckett : It's an honor to be here.
UNK: Especially considering all of the captains that have come before me.
Beckett : And if I was a poet or a bestselling novelist,
Beckett : then maybe I'd have a better metaphor, but, um, the 12th Precinct,
Beckett : she's our home, our haven.
Beckett : And even if she is beaten down or shot up,
Beckett : she's still special.
Beckett : Because this is where we get to make a difference.
Beckett : And I am so privileged to be able to do just that
UNK: with each and every one ofyou.
UNK: So, that being said,
Beckett : stop standing around doing nothing, and get back to work!
Vikram : Guys, I cracked the phone's encryption.
Vikram : The shooters received calls from only one number.
Beckett : - Are you able to trace it? - I already did.
Vikram : It's a government cell registered to Allison Hyde.
Beckett : Yeah, lock down the building. Don't let anyone from the AG's office...
Beckett : They're gone.
UNK: Thanks.
Esposito : ESU intercepted Hyde's team outside of Newark.
Esposito : They confirmed that she should be here.
Esposito : If she ain't, she's in the wind.