UNK: Richard Castle : So what do we know?
UNK: Alexis Castle : Last night, Beckett's old team from the Attorney General's office was killed.
UNK: Right. And then this morning, she gets a call from their new hire, Vikram.
Castle : And all hell breaks loose.
Alexis : Which means everything must be connected to Beckett's time in the AG.
Castle : But how? That was two years ago.
Alexis : - Maybe she stayed in contact. - And kept me in the dark?
Castle : Well, before today, I wouldn't have believed it.
Castle : Now, I can't help but wonder what else she's keeping from me.
Alexis : Don't go there, Dad.
Castle : Easier said than done.
UNK: Richard?
Castle : In here.
UNK: Ah, I thought you two might need a pick-me-up.
Martha : Oh, and look who I found downstairs.
UNK: Hey.
Castle : That's funny, last time I saw you, you said we were done.
Hayley : Look, I feel bad about what happened.
UNK: If I'd known I could have used you as bait,
UNK: I would've stuck around and followed your kidnappers.
UNK: Uh...
Hayley : It was a joke.
Martha : - Not a very good one. - Fair enough.
Castle : - What do you want, Hayley? - To help.
Hayley : I reckon that I owe you that much after what happened.
Alexis : She did give us the clue that found you.
Martha : Well, yeah, after Esposito dragged her down to the precinct.
UNK: Yeah, you're not wrong, Mother,
Castle : but we do need all the help we can get to find Beckett.
Hayley : I was hoping you'd say that, because I've already got feelers out
UNK: to contacts in high-traffic areas across the city.
Hayley : Cab companies, banks, hotels, train stations.
Hayley : I sent them pictures of Beckett and Vikram,
Hayley : asked them to spread them around,
Hayley : plus scan through their surveillance videos.
UNK: Ifyour wife is still in town, we will find her.
UNK: Ah, I told you she was a keeper.
Rita : I've been married to Castle's father for almost 10 years.
Beckett : Jackson never mentioned being married.
Rita : Well, of course not. It's classified.
UNK: In this line ofwork, you make a lot of enemies.
Rita : Attachments are liabilities. Leverage to be used against us.
Vikram : - Sounds romantic. - It can be.
Rita : Absence doesn't always make the heart grow fonder,
Rita : but it sure does wonders for the libido.
UNK: I haven't seen Jackson in nine months.
Rita : I am raring to go.
Vikram : - That's sweet. - So what are you? CIA?
Rita : Oh, God, no.
UNK: I'm a different three-Ietter agency. Much more exclusive.
Beckett : You actually expect me to believe that?
Rita : I did save your life, dear.
Vikram : True that.
Beckett : How did you end up back there? What's your connection to all of this?
Rita : I'm afraid that's also classified.
Beckett : - People died. Friends of mine. - I know.
Rita : And more may die unless you tell me
Rita : everything that has happened up until this point.
Rita : Listen to me, whatever you think this is, it's bigger.
UNK: And ifyou wanna stay alive, you're gonna need my help.
Beckett : It started this morning.
Beckett : I was getting ready for work, and then he called.
UNK: Wow.
Castle : What? That was supposed to be a decoder ring in there.
Beckett : Oh, my God. This is so beautiful.
Beckett : Um, would you mind getting that?
UNK: Yeah. Here.
UNK: Thanks. Oh, my God.
Castle : Captain Beckett's phone.
UNK: Uh, Katherine Beckett, please?
Rita : Of course. Please waitjust one moment.
UNK: Okay, I'll trade. There you go. Thanks.
Beckett : Yeah, this is Beckett.
Vikram : This is an emergency alert, classification Protocol Seven.
Beckett : - I don't... - There's no time.
UNK: Rendezvous at the Hill Theater. Come alone. Tell no one.
UNK: Understood.
UNK: Uh, you know, uh, I'm not interested,
Beckett : so why don't you take me off the list?
UNK: Thanks.
Beckett : Telemarketers. I swear, there should be tougher laws against them.
UNK: Wow. I love this. I'm gonna cherish this.
UNK: Thank you. Mmm.
Beckett : Okay, I've got to get moving. I have a meeting over at One PP.
UNK: Knock 'em dead.
Beckett : Show me your hands.
Vikram : - They're all dead. - I said show me your hands.
Beckett : Don't move.
Vikram : I'm not carrying. I'm just an analyst. I'm a data cruncher at the AG's office.
Beckett : I don't remember you.
Vikrum : I started working a few months ago. Now they're all dead.
UNK: Who?
Vikram : McCord, Hendricks, your entire former team.
Vikram : - How? - One was stabbed at a bar.
Vikram : The others were killed in a car crash.
Vikram : But it wasn't an accident. They were all murdered.
Beckett : How do you know that?
Vikram : Because someone tried to kill me yesterday, too.
Beckett : So then why didn't you pull the fire alarm?
Beckett : The FBI, the NSA?