UNK: The patient has no ax to grind.
House : The patient is nuts.
Brennan : I miss my old life.
Brennan : Helping people who barely have clean water,
Brennan : let alone the kind of medicines we waste by the SUV-load.
UNK: You're nuts. You're gonna be miserable at home, at work, somewhere.
House : The goal in life is not to eliminate misery.
House : It's to keep misery to the minimum.
UNK: Now, that's inspiring.
House : You said you came back to get married.
House : What does your fiancée do?
Brennan : She's a court reporter.
House : Uh-huh. Well, I'm sure Thailand will have courts any day, now.
UNK: Someone's gonna be miserable sometime. Accept it.
UNK: That's how I stay so happy.
Brennan : Why do you care if I stay?
House : You're good.
House : Don't screw it up just because you're miserable.
UNK: I'm gonna stay until the patient's cured,
Brennan : which should be in about an hour.
Patient : You okay?
Patient : Not okay.
Amber : Which one of us is he mirroring?
Kutner : Well, if it was you, he'd be inflicting pain on someone else, so...
Kutner : I'd say he's mimicking whichever one of us happens to be dying.
UNK: The heating blanket wasn't keeping him warm enough.
Kutner : Ordered a whirlpool, got his blood flowing.
Kutner : So far, it's keeping his rash at bay.
House : Rash worse equals cold agglutinins worse.
House : Means what was in his liver wasn't fungus.
Brennan : Yeah. Labs confirmed...
Amber : That it wasn't even pus.
Amber : It was just coagulated blood caused by the cold agglutinins.
UNK: Which you mistook for a cool fungus that you saw after the tsunami.
UNK: Same consistency as... You saw what you wanted to see.
House : Not what was there.
House : Wait a second. Didn't you quit?
Brennan : I spoke to my fiancée. I'm staying.
House : Of course you are.
House : Because you're the exact right amount of miserable.
Foreman : Broad spectrum antibiotics aren't working.
Foreman : It's got to be viral or exotic bacteria.
Taub : There are a thousand microbes it could be.
UNK: We could repeat all cultures. Maybe we just missed it.
UNK: Or we could get an accurate history.
UNK: 13 : We're working on it.
UNK: Well, that'll be good solace to the Widow X.
UNK: 13 : His car was towed, and the tow gate's locked.
UNK: 13 : Guys must be out on a run.
House : That's why I sent two of you.
House : One of you breaks in, the other posts bail.
UNK: 13 : Getting arrested is not what I'm worried about.
House : Not a problem. You know how to kill dogs, right?
UNK: So, we're back to repeating all the cultures.
House : Or we get an accurate history.
Taub : Didn't we just rule out that possibility?
House : You guys ever heard any of my metaphors, yet?
UNK: Well, come on. Sit on Grandpa's lap as I tell you how infections are criminals.
House : The immune system's the police. Seriously. Grumpy, get up here.
House : It will make us both happy.
House : Anyway, cops don't just let crooks run free.
House : They keep fingerprints, mug shots.
House : The immune system does the same thing, only it calls them antibodies.
House : We find out what diseases he's had in his life,
House : good chance that'll tell us where he's been in his life.
UNK: Alice. Your turn through the looking glass.
House : Draw blood and CSF.
UNK: Hey, guys.
Foreman : I haven't signed off on this.
Taub : You seem like a good guy, Cuddy seems decent,
Taub : House doesn't.
Taub : It means either you're gonna give in, or Cuddy is.
Taub : Either way, I'm sorry.