Taub : Yeah. True.
Taub : I'm done.
Patient : You okay?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: We've gotta run some more tests.
Taub : You can clean yourself up.
Wilson : Lesion on the liver.
UNK: Cystic or solid? Solid.
Wilson : Well, you certainly did the right thing by coming to me.
UNK: Yes. I needed a smug oncologist to...
Wilson : An authoritative oncologist.
House : I hate you. Tell me why.
Wilson : I've been scanning literature. Very interesting study in Sweden.
Wilson : Apparently, Giovannini's patients mimic whoever they think's in charge.
House : Any country with that low an age of consent and that high a rate of suicide
House : isn't thinking straight.
Wilson : I am in charge of our relationship.
House : It was a surgery. You were the surgeon. In that setting...
Wilson : You would pick up my laundry if I asked you to.
House : Go ahead. Ask.
Wilson : I wouldn't do that to you.
House : I want all my personal private doctors back right now!
House : Except for Foreman.
Cuddy : Your team, Foreman included,
Cuddy : is dealing with the Great Mayonnaise Panic of 2007.
Cuddy : Frankly, I'm worried it might spread to other continents.
House : Lesion on the liver. Possibility.
House : Why are you doing a pelvic for food poisoning?
UNK: She said her hoo-hoo burned.
House : Lesion on the liver. Ideas?
Amber : Start with a biopsy to rule out cancer.
Kutner : Could be an abscess.
Amber : Needle works for that, too.
UNK: Well, unless it's a vascular hemangioma.
UNK: Aspirate that, and he'll bleed out, we'll kill him.
UNK: If he bleeds out, we know what he had.
UNK: Had?
House : Two diagnoses out of three, he lives.
House : We do nothing, three out of three he dies.
House : Go stick his liver.
Taub : Where's Foreman? We should...
House : You need him to draft your letter of resignation?
Taub : You risking our patient's life to get back at Cuddy?
House : What? No. That would be childish.
House : This is what I'm doing to get back at Cuddy.
House : Who here doesn't have any health insurance?
House : Michael Moore was right.
House : MRIs, PET scans, neuropsych tests, private rooms for all these patients.
House : Fight the power!
Brennan : Sorry. I missed.
Brennan : I have to reposition the needle.
UNK: You're gonna feel another pinch.
Brennan : You still with me?
Patient : I'm here.
Brennan : You feeling faint?
UNK: No.
Brennan : What's wrong?
Patient : It's personal.
Brennan : You got personal problems? You got no memory.
Patient : I'm in a hospital. I don't want to be in a hospital.
Brennan : You're sick, so...
Patient : I'm bored.
Patient : You ask what's wrong, then you ignore the answer.
Patient : Just go on with what you're doing.
Patient : You think everything's okay
Patient : as long as you don't think about it, don't deal with it.
Patient : Is that blood?
Brennan : I think it's pus from a fungus.
Patient : I have fungus in me?
Brennan : If you've been in the tropics in the last few months.
Brennan : I saw this in tsunami survivors.
Brennan : Their skin grafts would ooze black pus sometimes weeks later.
Brennan : Traced the fungus back to the sand in the tsunami tides.
Patient : That's so cool.
Brennan : I think the black pus is fungal.
Brennan : If I'm right, that's where the cold agglutinins are coming from.
Brennan : That's what's driving his memory loss.
Brennan : Amber's putting him on amphotericin. It will cure him.
House : This makes no sense.
Brennan : I'm doing blood tests to be sure, but the sooner we get him on...
House : I'm not talking about the infection.
House : I'm talking about you letting Tonya Harding administer the treatment.
UNK: I'm out of the game. Why?
Brennan : A couple of weeks ago, you named me Grumpy.
UNK: Said I didn't want to be here, wanted to be back in the third world...
UNK: And you realized I'm right just now?
Brennan : I got a confirmation.
House : The patient's nuts.
Brennan : The patient's unbiased.