Foreman : Your boyfriend has me at even odds.
Cameron : So talk to him.
Foreman : I did. He said he's just responding to market forces.
UNK: He is. I got 100 on you.
Cameron : What do you care what other people are betting on?
Foreman : If he's trying to screw with me
Foreman : 'cause he's jealous Cuddy didn't ask him to take this job...
Cameron : Right. You're figuring he's jealous of your misery.
Foreman : He's messed up enough to...
Cameron : The problem is you're not miserable.
Foreman : Then House has been wasting a lot of time.
Cameron : You've been humiliated. Treated like crap.
UNK: You have every right to be miserable, but you're not.
Cameron : Because even though this job is insane, and House is insane, you like it.
Cameron : You always have.
Foreman : You know what's worse than a sanctimonious speech?
Foreman : A sanctimonious speech that's dead wrong.
UNK: See?
Cameron : You belong with House.
UNK: We're gonna use your spinal fluid to tell us where you lived.
UNK: Cool.
Kutner : Not really. It's a poor substitute for an actual history and without...
Patient : Nah. It's cool.
Kutner : Yes. It is.
Kutner : I need you to stay as still as possible. Ignore the pain.
Patient : Bring the pain.
Kutner : I'm not a masochist.
Patient : Neither am I.
Kutner : I know. But I was responding to you responding to...
Kutner : Never mind.
Kutner : I just like experience. If it's new, it's interesting.
Patient : Yeah? Not me.
UNK: I don't just like new, I gotta have new.
Patient : If it's not there, I make it there.
Kutner : Really, I'm just easily bored.
Patient : There are 300 million people in this country.
Patient : If I'm doing exactly what everyone else is doing,
Patient : then who the hell am I?
Patient : You know what I mean?
UNK: We're just about finished.
Patient : I like hot tubs.
Patient : They're nice.
Cuddy : You don't knock?
Wilson : Are you putting K - Y jelly on his phone receiver?
Wilson : An exploding snake in his drawer?
UNK: No.
Cuddy : I'm replacing his Vicodin stash with laxatives.
UNK: Don't. Don't stoop to his level. Why?
UNK: Because he's suddenly gonna realize he's no longer 14?
Cuddy : Either I take his garbage forever,
Cuddy : or I give him a reason to stop.
Wilson : You don't have to make him miserable. Just make him think that he's won.
UNK: I'm not gonna fire Foreman.
Wilson : I said think he's won.
Wilson : Find some other way to soothe his ego. The thing's big enough.
Wilson : You must be able to find some corner to polish.
Cuddy : Where were you two hours ago?
Cuddy : Where were you?
UNK: What do you have? High titres to histoplasmosis.
House : Probably lived in the Ohio River Valley.
Brennan : Also weakly positive on Coccidiomycosis.
House : Weak means older.
House : Means he moved to Ohio from the San Joaquin Valley.
Foreman : Or he happened to visit California.
Brennan : He's also positive for Chagas' Disease.
House : Central America.
Foreman : Or he kissed his maid from El Salvador.
Foreman : Or he sat next to someone from Belize on a flight to Weehawken.
UNK: Or he ate lettuce from Honduras. Yes.
UNK: You're right, buzzkill. This tells us next to nothing.
House : But since that's on the something side of nothing, I thought we'd go with it.
Kutner : His rash is back.
UNK: The hot tub isn't hot enough to keep his body warm.
House : So, we take his body out of the picture. Let's hit him from the inside.
UNK: Lipopolysaccharide.
Foreman : LPS won't just give him a fever.
Foreman : He could hit 110. Fry his brain.
House : Or make him just toasty enough to keep his blood flowing free, like my bowels.
House : You smell that?
UNK: It's not gonna get sweeter.
Foreman : You nailed Brennan for seeing what he wanted to see.
Foreman : You're no different.
Foreman : But you are.
House : You used to like this stuff.
House : You left here because you didn't like what you were turning into.
UNK: Do you like who you are, now?
UNK: Do you like being Cuddy's errand boy?
House : That was just a courtesy flush. I'm not actually done.
Cuddy : You want to induce a fever? Well, unless you're willing
House : to don a white T-shirt and hop into the hot tub with him,
House : I need another way to keep him warm or he dies.
UNK: You could maim him. I could cure him.
Cuddy : I'm not letting you do it.
UNK: You gonna fire me?
UNK: No.
House : Wait a second. What the hell was that?
House : You were won over by my soaring rhetoric?
House : I basically just threatened to hold my breath.
House : You never intended to stop me.
House : You just pretended to stop me,
House : so you could pretend to fail to stop me,
House : so you could stroke my ego.
UNK: War doesn't end until Foreman's gone.
Cuddy : Foreman's not going anywhere.
UNK: And