Chandler : Joey is having a problem. A little girl is beating him up.
Rachel : Joey, come here.
Rachel : Honey, I know. This must be really difficult for you, and
Rachel : I'm sorry, am I hurting you?
UNK: I brought you some housewarming gifts.
Phoebe : Salt, so your life always has flavor.
Phoebe : Bread, so you never go hungry.
Phoebe : And a scented candle for the bathroom.
UNK: Because, well, you know.
Ross : Thanks. Thanks. And thanks, I guess.
UNK: Welcome. I'm Steve Cera, president of the tenants' committee.
Ross : Ross Geller. And this is my friend Phoebe.
Phoebe : Mr. President.
Steve : I came to talk to you about Howard.
UNK: He is the handyman who's retiring next week.
Steve : Everyone who lives here is kicking in $100 as a kind of a thank you.
Ross : That's nice.
UNK: Want to give me a check?
UNK: Not now. You can slip it under my door.
Ross : No, it's not that.
Ross : I just moved in.
Steve : Well, the guy's worked here for 25 years.
Ross : Yes, but I've lived here for 25 minutes.
Steve : Okay, I get it.
UNK: Wait! Look, I'm sorry, it's just I've never even met Howard.
Ross : I mean, I don't know Howard.
UNK: Howard's the handyman.
UNK: Yes, but to me, he's just "man."
Steve : Okay. Fine. Whatever.
Steve : Welcome to the building.
Ross : Can you believe that guy?
Phoebe : I really like his glasses.
Ross : So then President Steve told everyone I was a cheapskate...
Ross : ...and now the whole building hates me.
Ross : A little kid spit on my knee.
UNK: And told me to wipe it off with my $100 bill.
UNK: You really should wipe it off with something.
Ross : You know what?
UNK: I'll throw a party. For everyone in the building.
UNK: And I'll sit them all down and explain that I am not a bad guy.
Ross : I am not a cheap guy. I'm just a guy...
Ross : ...who stands up for what he believes in.
Ross : A man with principles.
Chandler : Sounds like a fun party.
UNK: If you want them to like you, why don't you just pay the $100?
UNK: The party will cost you more.
UNK: That doesn't matter!
Ross : It's my principles! We're talking about my principles!
Rachel : I thought it was about your neighbors liking you.
Ross : They'll like me once they come to my awesome party.
UNK: I gotta get some nametags.
Rachel : And that crazy party animal will be your brother-in-law.
Chandler : Very funny. But don't say that to Monica.
UNK: Don't put any ideas in her head.
Rachel : You do realize that those ideas are probably already in Monica's head?
UNK: Why?
Rachel : Well, because she loves you and because you love her.
Chandler : Yeah, so? What's that supposed to mean?
Rachel : Don't freak out! I'm telling you something you already know.
UNK: She left Richard because he didn't want to have babies.
UNK: And she is a woman. And she's almost 30. And, you know, it's Monica.
Chandler : I don't see it that way. I see two Monicas.
UNK: My friend who lives across the hall and wants a lot of babies.
UNK: And the new Monica who I started to date.
UNK: Now, who is to say what she wants?
Chandler : I'm right.
Chandler : Am I right?
UNK: Oh, absolutely.
UNK: I'm completely different from Richard.
UNK: He's an eye doctor, and I don't wear glasses.
Rachel : You're right.
Rachel : You're absolutely right. That makes everything different.
UNK: It's not different, is it?
Rachel : Not unless different means "the same."