UNK: - We're asking for the money back? - It's for our wedding day.
Phoebe : Now, is this guy gay or straight? Because one of us has to start flirting.
UNK: Charity Guy : You here to make another donation the same day?
UNK: I don't think that's ever happened before.
UNK: Phoebe to Mike : Gay. Go.
UNK: Mike to The Charity Guy : Oh, my God, I love your shirt.
Phoebe : The donation we made earlier? Well, we want it back.
UNK: Charity Guy : Excuse me?
UNK: Okay, that money was for a big wedding we thought we didn't want.
Phoebe : But it turns out we do.
UNK: So you're asking us to refund your donation to the children?
UNK: Yeah.
Mike : This feels really good.
UNK: I'm sorry. I am. But this wedding's just really important to me.
UNK: Hey, it's none of my business. Besides, this is probably a good thing.
UNK: We've really been spoiling the children, what with all the food and warm clothing.
UNK: That's not fair. A person's wedding is important.
Phoebe : And especially to me.
UNK: I didn't have a graduation party. And I didn't go to prom.
UNK: And I spent my sweet 16 being chased around a tire yard...
UNK: ...by an escaped mentaI patient who, in his own words, wanted to :
UNK: "Kill me, or whatever. "
UNK: So I deserve a reaI celebration.
UNK: And I'm not gonna let some sweaty little man make me feeI badly about it.
UNK: She could've been talking about either one of us.
UNK: Okay. Here we go.
UNK: Good luck.
UNK: Tongue, really?
UNK: Hi, I'm Laura. I'm here for your adoption interview.
UNK: Hi, I'm Monica. And this is Chandler.
Monica : - Please come in. - Thank you.
Monica : - Would you like something to drink? - Water would be fine.
UNK: We're so glad that you're here.
UNK: We're excited about getting this process started.
Chandler : Because we love kids. Love them to death.
Chandler : Well, not actually to death. That's just a figure of speech.
Chandler : We love kids the appropriate amount...
Chandler : ...as allowed by law.
Laura : - Your place is just lovely. - Thank you.
UNK: Yes, this building does have a wholesome, family feeI to it.
UNK: I feeI like I've been here before. Any other couples in the building adopting?
Monica : Is that that couple on the first floor? We should get a baby before them.
UNK: That guy tried to sell me drugs.
Chandler : But other than that, wholesome, wholesome building.
Ross : - What? - I realized why I remember this place.
Monica : - Really? What is it? - Oh, it's nothing.
Laura : I went on a date with a guy who lived in this building. It didn't end very well.
Monica : That wouldn't, by any chance, be Joey Tribbiani?
Phoebe : - Yes! - Of course it was.
UNK: We had a great night. In the morning, he promised he'd call and he didn't.
Chandler : Rat bastard!
Laura : - So you're not friends with him? - Oh, God, no.
Ross : - No, no, no. - No. Nope.
Laura : Well, I'm sorry I brought it up.
Laura : So are either one of you planning on staying at home?
UNK: Hello? Anybody in there order a celebrity?
Laura : What was that?
UNK: That's just some crazy guy who roams the halls here.
UNK: He's great with kids, though.
Rachel : - Ross. Oh, my God, are you okay? - Son of a bitch!
UNK: Oh, relax. I didn't say the F-word.
Rachel : Ross, see, I told you! Those swings are eviI!
UNK: That's the last time Emma is getting on one of those things for her entire life.
Ross : No, no, no. Okay, it wasn't the swing's fault. It was my fault.