UNK: Kathy's being really nice and you just walked away.
Chandler : What do you want from me?
Joey : I want you to like her.
UNK: If that's too damn difficult for you, then the least you could do is pretend.
Chandler : -I am pretending. -Then do it better.
UNK: What do you say I go over there and tell her how much I like her?
UNK: I can tell her how much I've been thinking of her.
Chandler : I haven't stopped thinking about her since we met.
UNK: I'm so over the top, want-to-slit-my-own-throat...
Chandler : ...in love with her that for every minute...
Chandler : ...I can't believe my own damn bad luck that you met her first!
Joey : That's pretty good.
UNK: But you might want to tone it down a little.
UNK: I still have a fever? Are you sure that thing's working right?
UNK: Well, we could take it the other way.
UNK: So Amanda just dropped me off.
Ross : That's one of the things I love about her.
Ross : She's old enough to drive.
Ross : You're not going to Mom and Dad's tonight?
Monica : No, sorry.
Rachel : Where's Amanda?
Monica : Could you get me some cough drops?
Rachel : I'm thinking you could bring her...
Rachel : ...and you guys could go up to your old room and not make out.
UNK: Cough drop, please?
UNK: At least she's not going out with me...
UNK: ...to get into R-rated movies.
Rachel : Why don't you just marry her?
UNK: Wait, you can't! I forgot. She's not a lesbian.
Ross : -Amanda and I have a -You have nothing!
Monica : You're not even going out! You're her babysitter.
Monica : You have a 12-year-old girl's job!
UNK: That is so sad.
Monica : And what are you laughing at, Miss My-keg-sucking-boyfriend...
UNK: ...-is-stealing-from-me?
Rachel : So he stole a couple bucks from me. Big deal!
UNK: At least he got me something with it.
Monica : That's mine!
Monica : Would you both please start acting like adults?
UNK: And give me my cough drops!
UNK: -Fine. -Sorry.
UNK: Here.
Phoebe : Thank you.
UNK: At least I made $10 in my relationship.
UNK: You know...?
UNK: Parading goats are parading
UNK: Parading down the street
UNK: Parading goats are parading
Phoebe : Leaving little treats
Phoebe : Does it even work without my sexy voice?
Gunther : I like it.
Phoebe : -Gunther, kiss me. -What?
UNK: Do it, deputy! Do something!
UNK: We aren't exactly sleeping in here, but do you mind?
Chandler : Can I sleep on your couch?
Phoebe : And I'm still waiting
UNK: For my papier-mache man
Phoebe : Thank you, my babies.
UNK: Rachel?
UNK: Did you hear what happened between me and Phoebe?
UNK: We kissed. I didn't initiate it, but I also didn't stop it.
Gunther : I've been feeling guilty.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: So...
Gunther : ...are we cool?
UNK: Okay.
Gunther : I knew you would understand.