House : Can we forget my vices, get back to my virtues?
House : We were missing the fact that
House : just because we called her a dwarf doesn't mean she is a dwarf.
House : Everyone assumed she was, because of her mother.
House : There's no test for CHH dwarfism,
House : so she lost an identity, but we gained a symptom.
Cuddy : If she doesn't have skeletal dwarfism,
Cuddy : then her short stature must be caused by a growth hormone deficiency.
Wilson : And something's wrong with her pituitary gland
Wilson : and based on her size, it's been wrong for a while.
Cuddy : So what connects a long-term pituitary issue
Cuddy : with problems in the lungs, liver and pancreas?
House : You guys and your bickering. Cancer versus autoimmune.
Wilson : Obviously, you think it's something else.
House : Nope. I think it's both.
Chase : Langerhans cell histiocytosis.
House : Also known as,
UNK: "You got your cancer in my autoimmune" disease.
House : The immune component responded to the Still's treatment,
House : led to the short-term improvement.
House : The cancer portion didn't.
Cuddy : We dismissed this earlier, because there were no neurological symptoms.
House : Yeah. It's not your fault.
House : The only neurological symptom was her height.
House : Who could have noticed?
House : This is your pituitary gland.
House : This is the granuloma that's been crushing it.
House : No pituitary equals no growth hormone, equals about that much.
Maddy : She's not a dwarf?
House : Just hormonally challenged.
Abigail : What about my mom?
House : Your mom's the real deal. But you're just a tiny little poseur.
UNK: Your recent ear infections caused your body to release
UNK: a cascade of the same cells that made the granuloma.
UNK: They attacked your lungs, moved on to your liver,
House : then hitched a ride over to your pancreas.
House : We can nuke them with a mild course of chemo
UNK: and then remove the granuloma.
Maddy : And then what? What will happen to her then?
UNK: Well, let me see if I can make this clear.
House : This pill represents
Wilson : a pill.
House : And my mouth represents your daughter's mouth.
House : We deposit the pill in the mouth.
House : You may never be tall enough to play in the WNBA,
House : but you should be able to post up your mom, no problem.
Abigail : What if I don't take the pills?
Abigail : What if you remove the thing in my head and give me the chemo, but not the pills?
Abigail : Would I still get better?
House : Your body needs growth hormone for lots of things.
UNK: Like
House : to grow.
Abigail : I like who I am now.
House : Nobody your age likes who they are now.
House : I do.
House : You like needing help when you want something off a high shelf?
House : Not being able to press an elevator button above the eighth floor?
House : Having to smell ass every time you stand in line?
House : You don't need growth hormone.
House : It's just your ticket out of the freak show.
Maddy : Can't you deliver a diagnosis
Maddy : without making her feel that her life isn't worth living?
House : I'm trying to help her.
Maddy : You're trying to make her taller.
House : Not too tall.
House : Just tall enough to wipe her own butt.
Maddy : Are you high?
House : Higher than you.
Maddy : If my daughter doesn't want to choose the easy path,
Maddy : I won't force her to.
House : Then you're a lousy mom.