Wilson : House! Just give me a minute. You're afraid of the pain.
House : You're not?
Wilson : You can still have pain meds in rehab.
Wilson : Tramadol, gabapentin. Those don't work.
Wilson : They will once you're weaned off the Vicodin.
House : Look, there's Jesus. Better go tell the Romans.
Wilson : Fine, run to Cuddy.
Wilson : You don't think she's going to support me on this?
Cuddy : Well, the stitches are healing nicely, there's no sign of infection.
UNK: Whoa.
UNK: Sorry.
House : Just need her for a tiny moment.
UNK: Small favor.
UNK: Pills.
Maddy : Who's the wit?
Cuddy : Doctor. Don't worry, I'll be firing him soon.
Cuddy : Wait in my office.
House : Incision looks just big enough for a chest tube.
House : Collapsed lung? Someone mistake you for a pinata?
Maddy : Delightful. Usually we just get the elf jokes this time of year.
UNK: No on trauma.
House : Negative PPD.
UNK: What flavor dwarfs are you guys?
Maddy : My daughter and I both have cartilage-hair hypoplasia.
Maddy : Think you can make a pun out of that?
House : Yes. But I don't want to be insensitive.
House : She's got a bit of a short fuse, doesn't she?
Cuddy : It's a bleb. Wait in my office. Bleb's not a diagnosis, it's an evasion.
Cuddy : We'll schedule an MRI to make sure,
Cuddy : but a certain number of these cases are idiopathic.
House : Let me translate that into Tolkien for you guys.
UNK: It means Dr. Cuddy's got no idea
House : why your daughter's lung suddenly popped like a balloon.
Maddy : You think you do?
UNK: Gimme her chart. And my pills.
House : Santa needs us.
House : Did you get that looked at?
Chase : I'm fine.
House : Great. I just admitted a cartilage-hair hypoplasia dwarf.
UNK: Fifteen years old... What are you going to do?
House : I thought I'd get your theories, mock them, then embrace my own. The usual.
Foreman : Wilson told us he ratted.
House : Your choice of verb, I take it?
Foreman : It's appropriate. He betrayed you. And you should take the deal.
House : Unexplained lung collapse and anemia. Cuddy thinks it's idiopathic.
UNK: "Cuddy" and "idiop" being the relevant parts of that sentence.
UNK: Well, I'd say TB, but Cuddy's already ruled it out.
House : Then you'd be just as big an idiop as her.
House : Don't you people know your dwarfs?
Chase : There are over 200 varieties of dwarfism,
Chase : each with different medical complications.
Chase : You can't expect us to be intimately familiar with all of them?
House : The sick dwarfs sure expect you to.
UNK: Cartilage-hair hypoplasia. They have compromised immune systems.
House : Gold star for Cameron.
House : For extra credit,
House : explain to the special needs section of the class
House : why our patient's negative TB test is irrelevant.
Cameron : A PPD involves planting a fragment of TB under the skin
Cameron : to see if the immune system recognizes it.
Cameron : Because of a compromised immune system,
Cameron : our patient could have TB but not recognize it.
House : The little people love you.
House : Let's go see a dwarf about a gallium scan.
UNK: Gallium is a radioactive isotope.
UNK: It travels through your veins,
Cameron : allowing us to see any bright spots that might indicate infection.
UNK: I'm 4'1". That's 1.5 canes in metric.
House : You don't look a day over four feet.
House : I saw in the file that her dad was normal-sized.
Maddy : It's average-sized.
House : Compared to you, I'm sure it was huge.
UNK: So did he have a fetish,
House : or did he just fall in love with your long-legged soul?
Maddy : He grew up in the circus. Said I reminded him of home.
Maddy : Seems like you're the one with the fetish.
UNK: I'm certainly curious about the logistics.
House : Did you stand on a table?
UNK: House!