House : There's no bruise or nothing, but it really hurts.
Doctor : Unfortunately, that pain and lack of bruising is typical of a zygomatic break.
House : Sounds bad.
Doctor : Bones are aligned properly.
Doctor : Which ER did you go to after the car accident?
UNK: Princeton Plainsboro. Here's my discharge slip.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: I'm going to get you some acetaminophen with codeine.
House : I tried that, it makes me nauseous.
Doctor : There's a drug called gabapentin
Doctor : which is good for certain kinds of pain. Great!
UNK: 'Cause I haven't slept in days.
Doctor : Gabapentin's not really going to help with the sleep.
UNK: Oh.
House : Is there something else you can give me?
Doctor : Vicodin's your best bet with sleep issues. Well, thanks so much.
Doctor : Unfortunately, our policy forbids prescribing opiates to new patients.
UNK: Well, how could a clinic have a rule against relieving pain?
UNK: Just with opiates. We find that it helps weed out drug-seekers.
House : You think I'm a drug-seeker? I'm not saying that.
House : Well, then give me the Vicodin. I can't.
House : Because you think I'm a drug-seeker.
Doctor : I just said I didn't.
House : No, you said that the policy was to stop drug-seeking.
House : Then you said I'm not a drug-seeker. Policy doesn't apply.
Doctor : I'm sorry, that's the policy.
House : Gabapentin works on nerve damage.
House : You're prescribing it for a broken face.
House : Might as well hand out Band-Aids for a severed carotid.
Doctor : You're a doctor.
House : Not by this clinic's definition, since I'm neither a moron,
House : nor a mindless drone!
UNK: Security. Forget it.
House : I'll throw myself out.
Abigail : That tube is going all the way down to my liver?
Cuddy : Don't worry, you'll be sedated.
Wilson : Sometimes doctors have to do things
Wilson : that make people uncomfortable to help them.
Foreman : But we always want to respect the patient's wishes
Foreman : and not shove things down their throats.
UNK: Foreman.
Wilson : You haven't given her the sedative.
UNK: No.
UNK: Abigail.
UNK: Abigail.
Foreman : She's unconscious.
Wilson : Check her airway.
Foreman : Airway's clear.
Foreman : Her breath smells fruity.
Wilson : Diabetic ketoacidosis.
Foreman : Hang an insulin drip at.1 mgs per kg per hour!
UNK: Her pancreas is failing. You ready to call House yet?
UNK: SIGHS
Foreman : You were right. The patient's pancreas is failing.
House : Told you you'd come begging me for help.
Cuddy : Her insulin production is almost non-existent.
House : Give me my pills or lose an arm.
Cuddy : The girl is dying! So give me my pills.
Cuddy : Take the deal and I will.
House : You'd rather kill this girl than give me my pills?
Cuddy : I would rather lose one patient now
Cuddy : than the dozens we will lose while you're in prison.
House : Well, have fun explaining that to her itsy-bitsy grieving mother.
Cameron : What if we sacrifice this girl and House still goes to jail?
Cuddy : I'd feel bad. Can we get on with this?
Cuddy : House correctly predicted the spread,
Cuddy : means we've got a global systemic illness affecting lungs, liver and pancreas.
Cuddy : So far. Ideas?
Chase : Langerhans cell histiocytosis attacks multiple organ systems.
Foreman : Histiocytosis usually starts in the brain, then moves to the internal organs.
Foreman : Abigail's brain is fine. Cystic fibrosis.
Wilson : Exocrine function's normal.
Wilson : Hodgkin's lymphoma. It's a systemic cancer, which her dwarfism predisposes her to.
UNK: You have any ideas that aren't cancer? Cancer fits.
Cameron : Autoimmune fits better.
Cameron : We should treat her with prednisone for lupus.
Wilson : That'll spike her blood sugar and put her back in a coma.
UNK: It's much safer just to run a double-stranded DNA test.
Cameron : Not if she dies before we get the results.