House : Nausea's bad this time.
UNK: You can write me a scrip for metoclopramide so I can stop puking.
House : They'd give me that in rehab.
Wilson : Then you should go to rehab.
Wilson : I have a patient.
UNK: I'm so sorry, I know it's little solace, but he went without pain...
UNK: House?
House : Well, look on the bright side.
House : At least you don't have to go by Mrs. Zebalusky anymore.
UNK: That's got to be a relief.
UNK: Mrs Zebalusky : You know this man? I'm sorry, he's sick...
House : You hear my diagnosis on the dwarf? Still's disease.
UNK: Did you even consider those ear infections, or you just wrote it off as a dwarf thing?
UNK: Are you sure he's dead?
UNK: Because Dr. Wilson sometimes misses things.
Wilson : Trying to embarrass me in front of a grieving widow crosses lines that even...
House : Right. I'm pathetic.
House : I'm strung out, I haven't slept, puking every hour,
House : and I still out-diagnosed you.
House : But I'm supposed to let you decide what's best...
UNK: Please.
UNK: Mrs. Zebalusky : Please leave.
UNK: Sorry.
House : I'm done.
UNK: House!
Wilson : You didn't come in here just to embarrass me,
UNK: you can do that any time.
Wilson : Stealing Oxy from a dead man. Yeah. You don't have a problem.
UNK: DOOR OPENING
Wilson : How's the girl?
Cuddy : Much better.
Foreman : House was right.
Cuddy : It happens.
House : I thought we could handle this.
House : Still's disease never crossed my mind.
Cuddy : Don't beat yourself up, I didn't get it, either.
UNK: CHUCKLES
Wilson : I feel like a mob informant.
Tritter : You want to go inside? Got a cafeteria in there, right?
Wilson : I can't testify.
Wilson : Drug addicts hurt the people around them with their habit.
Tritter : House has hurt plenty of people. You included.
Wilson : He saves lives. People that no one else can save.
Wilson : And, no matter how much of an ass he is,
Wilson : statistically, House is a positive force in the universe.
Wilson : Pills let him do that.
Tritter : Vicodin does not make House a genius.
Tritter : Whatever he does on the pills, he can do off.
Tritter : He is just not willing to try.
Wilson : I won't testify against him.
Tritter : Then we'll subpoena you.
Tritter : Your previous statement will be read into evidence
Tritter : and you'll be charged with interfering with an investigation.
Wilson : And you will go to jail.
Wilson : Again, statistically,
Wilson : better me than him.
Tritter : Statistically, the two of you will be in jail.