Chase : Pushing lorazepam.
Chase : If it wasn't neurological before, it sure is now.
UNK: Right upper quad rant's distended.
Adams : He's hallucinating because his liver is failing.
Taub : Elevated transaminases confirm liver failure.
Taub : We'll have to put him on the transplant list in a couple of days.
Adams : It's clearly not the silicone. Could be vasculitis.
Chase : Serologies were negative.
House : Yeah. If you want Adams to hear,
UNK: you might wanna not stand so conspicuously far away.
Chase : I'm making coffee.
Chase : And sometimes I date co-workers. Like everyone else on the planet.
Park : Hepatic fibrosis. If it damaged his platelets, it'd explain the bleeding.
House : Unexpected. I actually thought you might agree with my theory.
House : Because that would mean nothing's your fault.
House : You fell into relationships based on proximity. Of course they'd fail.
House : But I guess I was wrong. You picked perfect women. You just screwed it up.
UNK: How about all five of us sleep together and the $7,000 sex doll?
UNK: It'll solve all of our hang-ups. $7,000?
House : Adams suggests that we all sleep together, and your issue is high prices.
Taub : - Pretty sure she was joking. - Yes.
House : I'm 99% sure that you're right, but I would never forgive myself...
Taub : Those dolls are only $5,000. He must have had it customized somehow.
Taub : Oh, like you didn't check the website.
House : Guess we don't need to ask how your dating life is going.
Taub : I was curious.
Adams : Hepatic fibrosis wouldn't cause difficulty breathing.
Chase : It would if liver failure opened pulmonary AV shunts.
House : Fibrosis fits. Start the patient on steroids. And find out how he pimped his ride.
UNK: Why? Because I don't know the answer.
Wilson : - Foosball? - Can't.
House : Marriage to destroy. Okay.
House : "Okay," as in passive-aggressive reverse psychology?
House : Or as in depressed resignation?
House : "Okay," as in I changed my mind.
UNK: Expand.
Wilson : It's morally reprehensible and bound to fail,
Wilson : but in a weird way, it's a step forward, this thing with Emily.
UNK: Contract. It's real without being real.
UNK: It's a long term relationship that can't actually hurt you.
Wilson : It's a stepping stone. It means you want more.
House : So passive-aggressive reverse psychology. Got it.
House : Try not to come on too strong, okay. Just get to know him a little. Ease into it.
House : True, you could just walk up and stick your hand down his pants,
UNK: but I've heard there's a middle step.
Dominika : Men want to have sex.
UNK: House putting An Earplug In His Ear To Be Able To Listen To Dominika's Conversations : Not with crazy people.
UNK: House putting An Earplug In His Ear To Be Able To Listen To Dominika's Conversations : Well, yes, a lot with crazy people, but not that kind of crazy.
UNK: House putting An Earplug In His Ear To Be Able To Listen To Dominika's Conversations : Well, yeah, that kind of crazy, but...
UNK: Dominika talking Right In The Microphone : They don't care how crazy if she looks like me.
UNK: Dominika talking Right In The Microphone : Okay. Easing.
UNK: Hi. Hey.
UNK: House stopping Them : Off to a place where men don't cheat on the women they love.