UNK: His girlfriend didn't just leave him with a broken heart.
UNK: She left him with a neti pol.
UNK: It's an Indian method of clearing the sinuses during allergy season,
UNK: also known as now.
UNK: to the fluids around the brain.
UNK: Start him on metronidazole.
UNK: If he's lucky, he'll get to see his plastic children walk down the aisle.
Henry : My neck feels much better.
Adams : Your fever's gone, and your liver function's almost back to normal.
Adams : You should be able to go home soon.
Henry : I'm going to have some hospital bills to pay.
Henry : I don't suppose used sex dolls go for anything online'?
Henry : Dr. Adams?
Henry : Can I get your email?
Adams : What for?
Henry : I just thought maybe we could see each other again.
Henry : I can't.
Henry : No, I know it's a professionalism thing,
Henry : but you won't be my doctor when I get out of here.
Adams : It's not that. It's... What is it?
Henry : You said I should change my life.
Henry : You were talking about yourself, too. I know you were.
UNK: Henry. I think you should ask Molly out.
Henry : I should have known this would happen.
Adams : You're a good guy, Henry. You deserve more than a doll.
Adams : Promise me you'll keep trying.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Park clearing Her Throat : Date tonight? No.
Park : So she can't deal. There's someone out there who can.
Park : You just got to find her.
Taub : I'd love to prove House wrong, but...
Taub : I ruined my marriage, broke two people's hearts,
UNK: had two kids who are always gonna wonder why I didn't love their mommy enough.
Taub : It's better if I just focus on what I do have.
Taub : Give that band guy a call.
Park : I'm not that good at guitar.
Park : Or flirting or small talk?
Park : I'm not as pretty as Adams. I have stuffy clothes, and I hate my hair.
Taub : Adams works 80 hours a week fixing bunions on hobos,
Taub : because she can't face getting to know someone new.
Taub : Trust me, you find a boyfriend, she'll be the jealous one.
Chase : See you tomorrow.
UNK: Molly to Henry : Do you
Adams : want to get a drink?
UNK: Chase suspicious : To annoy Park? Or to prove House wrong?
House : Oh, I...
Adams : It's just I think it's time for a change.
UNK: Chase surprised : I don't really think that's a good idea for me right now.
Park : House has a way of getting in people's heads.
UNK: Yeah. Yeah.
Park : No, Mom. I'm still at work.
UNK: I'll be home in a couple of hours. Love you, too.
UNK: Ready? One, two, three, four.
UNK: I fixed blender.
House : So I see.
Dominika : I had fun seducing hooker's fake fiancé.
Dominika : Sorry it didn't work.
House : Yeah. I thought I'd take a break from the whole hooker thing.
Dominika : I think maybe you need milkshake. ls pistachio.
UNK: Well, I'm going to go to bed. See you tomorrow.