UNK: Are you looking at the apartment with those or the transit of Mercury?
Dominika : If night comes, you will be thanking me.
Dominika : They are seeking heat.
House : He's an accountant. How late do you think he's gonna party?
UNK: I brought jar to pee in.
Adams : We diuresed him, but he still needs oxygen.
Chase : Echo shows normal heart function. Could be high output failure from anemia.
Taub : Hematocrit was rock normal.
UNK: Say truffle, charge five dollars.
Dominika : Is that the man who wants to marry hooker?
House : Probably. But he's not the one we're after.
Park : Should we ask? Nope.
House : Oh! How rude of me not to situate you.
House : I'm doing Emily a favor.
House : and expose him as the lying cheater I need him to be.
Taub : I'm guessing she didn't ask for this favor.
House : You know, the noblest gifts are the ones we give anonymously.
Adams : Crackles are non-specific.
House : No neurological symptoms?
House : and by market, I mean Chase.
House : How did band practice go? Great.
Park : Popo needed a ride to the doctor, and my mother couldn't, so...
House : You're terrified of dating,
House : because a previous relationship ended
House : because your latent rage made you vicious in arguments, or...
House : Taub feels confident enough to turn the spotlight on himself.
UNK: Thirty three, Brown grad, family therapist, HOUSE : Nice choice.
UNK: Since you've got two families to therapize.
Taub : First date, we didn't discuss everything important.
House : It was just a one-night stand.
Taub : You're wrong. I actually like her.
UNK: - I'm gonna see her again. - Mazel tov.
House : Great relationships often start with snap decisions aimed at proving me wrong.
Adams : Air bubble in the doll could mean the silicone is degrading.
UNK: If he inhaled some particles... Silicone deposition.
House : That could work. Start him on plasmapheresis.
House : Now, turning to Adams, my theory is tripartite.
UNK: Wanna hear my thesis? It's kind of interesting.
UNK: No man comes oui.
Dominika : But old naked lady in 3-C is eating a whole block of cheese.
UNK: No, might feel a little cold, though. Will \{his hurt?
UNK: Henry noticing Something : - Crap. - Hey.
UNK: Molly happily : I only have a second, but I went to that time travel lecture.
UNK: Whoa.
UNK: Molly noticing The Doll In The Chair : That is awesome.
UNK: Molly noticing The Doll In The Chair : What is it?
UNK: It's so... Ugh... Realistic.
UNK: Molly noticing The Doll In The Chair : And it's all bandaged up.
UNK: Is it one of those CPR things? No.
UNK: Adams embarrassed : We're starting a procedure, a little privacy...
UNK: No, no. It's good that she's here.
UNK: Molly.
Henry : I would like you to meet Amy.
UNK: What?
Henry : I'm serious.
Henry : I know it seems a little strange,
Henry : but she means a lot to me.
UNK: I gotta get back to work.
Henry : You just got here. Sit down.
UNK: Yeah, but I said that I only had a second.
Molly : Enjoy the handouts.