Adams : I think the procedure room might be better for this.
Wilson : You are a horrible person.
House : All I need is to break up one marriage. You've broken up three of your own.
House : You're like the Stephen Hawking of killing relationships.
House : Actually, no, Stephen Hawking is the Stephen Hawking of...
Wilson : Okay, I have work to do.
House : Your computer is off.
Wilson : Sorry, I can't hear you over my stereo.
House : Why do you assume that marriage is better than hooking?
House : We don't know anything about the guy. He could be a serial killer.
Wilson : Even if that were true, it would still be a tossup.
UNK: House getting Up : What kind of guy marries a hooker?
UNK: House getting Up : Someone who hires hookers.
UNK: House getting Up : And someone who hires hookers is not exactly the monogamous type.
UNK: House getting Up : If we expose him as a cheater... You're a coward.
UNK: House holding Up His Cane Like A Sword And Speaking Loudly : Would a coward fight to the end to save a damsel in soon-to-be-proved distress?
Wilson : Absolutely. If what he's afraid of is other damsels.
Wilson : Your last relationship failed so miserably, you ended up in jail.
Wilson : Now you're clinging to this hooker
UNK: when there are about three billion other women out there who aren't call girls.
Wilson : Some of whom are attractive and intelligent.
Wilson : One of whom is living in your apartment and is married to you.
House : You're right.
UNK: House having Some Sort Of Epiphany : Why am I asking you for help?
Park : You shouldn't sleep with Chase.
UNK: Oh, thank God, you got here just in time.
Adams : What do you have against him?
Park : Nothing. But House has a way of getting in people's heads.
Adams : Just like last week when he was prying into your relationship with Chase'?
Adams : It was silly then, and it's silly now.
Park : Why was it silly then?
UNK: I'm not 5' 9" with curves and flowing hair,
Park : so it's impossible for me to get it on with a good-looking guy'?
Adams : Wow. Do you resent me?
Adams : You're the quirky, hard-working sophomore,
Adams : and I'm the evil cheerleader who steals boys?
Adams : If you're not getting any, it's not my fault.
Taub : Should we get the one with the panda on ii or the bird?
Taub : Good choice.
Taub : Pandas eat only bamboo. They know nothing about cereal.
Woman : Your little girl is adorable.
Taub : Thanks. She keeps me very busy.
Woman : You and her mom must be very proud.
Taub : Her mother died in childbirth.
UNK: Amy!
UNK: Henry overjoyed : How'd it go?
Adams : We're growing cultures now,
Adams : but she looked clean, and there was no telltale smell.
Adams : I'm guessing the lump was just an air bubble that got trapped in the mold.
Henry : You bandaged her up.
Adams : I threw in some stitches, too. Just wanted to make her look her best.
Adams : Do you want me to put her in her chair?
UNK: Henry.
Adams : Call a code!