UNK: House stopping Them : You're not invited, obviously.
Harris : Cheating? What are you talking about?
UNK: Well, I hope you're speaking out of some deep kind of moral relativism.
UNK: Because if... Who are you people?
UNK: You're not Emily's fiancé.
Harris : Emily's my sister.
Adams : We called the company that made Amy.
Adams : They said they modeled her after some photos you sent them.
Adams : Who is she?
Henry : We met last Christmas. She's a yoga instructor.
Henry : Totally different from me. She loved Chopin, hated Indian food.
UNK: She changed my entire life for 17 weeks.
Adams : My husband cheated on me.
Adams : With a girl he met on the plane coming back from our honeymoon.
Adams : It's not easy to get past things like that.
Henry : She wasn't unfaithful. She didn't betray me. She just...
Henry : Just wasn't in love with me.
Adams : I know Amy's not going to break your heart,
Adams : but she's also not going to change your life.
UNK: That light's bright.
Henry : Sorry. What's happening to me?
Adams : Is your neck stiff? Yeah.
Adams : I think you have meningitis.
Emily : I'm not leaving the business. I'm just leaving you.
Emily : I didn't want you to feel bad.
House : So, let me get this straight.
House : I'm being dumped by a hooker who's worried about my feelings.
UNK: You're married. Half your clients are married.
House : And you're a hooker.
Emily : My other guys sneak around.
Emily : But you'll take me into the bedroom while your wife's in the next room.
Emily : That's just mean.
UNK: Oh, thank God.
House : The marriage, it's a sham.
UNK: The only real thing about it is the Green Card she's gonna get at the end of it.
UNK: So, if you wanna get the meter running...
Emily : It's still mean.
House : It's not a marriage. It's a felony.
Emily : I've seen how she looks at you when you're together.
Emily : Trust me, she likes you.
Emily : And I've seen how you look at her.
Adams : At this rate, he'll be dead by the time we get the cultures back.
Taub : Spinal fluid was full of white cells. Meningitis could be carcinomatous.
Park : Cytology showed nothing.
Chase : An amoebic infection would cause fever and meningitis.
Adams : But not liver failure. It could if he had a clot.
UNK: How would amoebas get past his cribriform plate?
Taub : He went swimming in a frozen lake in New Jersey?
Chase : Adams said his ex-girlfriend was a yoga instructor.
Adams : Maybe he sprained his chakras.
Chase : Yoga nuts are way more likely to be into alternative medicine.
UNK: He had this weird little teapot in his house.
UNK: House turning Around Suddenly : What was it like?
Henry : I don't know. Little, weird, teapot-ish.
UNK: Was it like that? Yeah.
UNK: You think he drank some sort of toxic herbal tea?
UNK: Yes, if by tea you mean salted tap water,
UNK: and by drank you mean poured up his nose.