Foreman : The stroke was caused by a clot in her middle cerebral artery.
Foreman : Started her on tPA.
Foreman : Should dissolve the clot and hopefully prevent brain damage,
Foreman : but we won't know for sure until she regains consciousness.
House : Or she has another stroke.
House : Arthritis, heart disease. Why can't this kid act her age?
Foreman : JRA doesn't affect the blood. That means the clot's a symptom of something else.
Cameron : It's a symptom of polycythemia.
Cameron : She's fully hydrated and her blood's still thicker than pancake batter.
House : Well, thick blood explains the stroke.
UNK: It could also have caused an autoimmune response,
House : which would explain the JRA kicking into gear.
House : But what explains the thick blood?
Foreman : Lack of oxygen forces the body to overproduce red cells.
House : What explains the lack of oxygen?
Chase : Carbon monoxide fumes, cigarette smoke.
UNK: I doubt our patient's a smoker.
Chase : Dad could be. He's not.
Chase : He says he's not. Hey!
House : Don't make me turn the hose on you two.
House : Chase is right.
House : You two go check the house, see if Dad's a closet Marlboro Man.
Cameron : You're intentionally punishing us.
House : By making you do your job? Does seem kind of cruel, doesn't it?
House : Take along a carbon monoxide detector to check for leaks,
UNK: and, you, start her on hydroxyurea to control her red blood cell production.
UNK: Dig out a Merck Manual, Medieval edition.
House : Tell you how to drain a pint or two so she doesn't clot again.
Jasper : Dr. Cameron!
Jasper : I got you flowers for helping my sister.
Cameron : That's so sweet.
Chase : Does your dad know you're down here?
UNK: Yes.
UNK: "Congratulations on your bundle of joy."
Chase : Something you forgot to tell me?
Cameron : You should take these back to where you found them.
UNK: Okay. Excuse me?
Chase : Can you make sure these flowers
Chase : and this kid both get back to where they belong?
UNK: Sure.
UNK: Thanks. Let's go. Come on.
UNK: Wait.
DERAN : So, you're just draining blood from her?
Deran : You're not testing it? You're not fixing it?
Foreman : Your daughter's vascular system is engorged with blood.
Foreman : Draining some reduces the chances of another stroke.
Foreman : We're also starting her on a drug that suppresses the production of red cells
Foreman : so we don't have to keep doing this.
Foreman : Good chance she'll make a full recovery.
Deran : She hasn't spoken yet.
Foreman : Give her time.
UNK: Security Guard : This your boy?
Deran : Where have you been? Exploring. See ya.
Deran : Thank you.
UNK: You know you can't just run off without telling me.
UNK: Okay. Can I have $2?
UNK: SIGHS
Chase : Oven's a long shot.
UNK: They'd smell the gas long before anyone got sick.