UNK: SIGHS
Chase : This isn't right.
Chase : You dumped me. You don't get to be mad.
Cameron : We had a really good thing.
Cameron : You broke the rules. I'm angry.
Cameron : I'll get over it.
UNK: CHASE GRUNTS
Cameron : She's being abused.
Foreman : A bloody t-shirt doesn't equal abuse. Kids get hurt all the time.
Chase : That amount of blood?
Foreman : Oh, crap.
Foreman : You two are agreeing again.
UNK: Her father's overwhelmed. Hectic job,
Cameron : his wife passed away last year, he could easily be taking it out on the kids.
Foreman : Or she had a nosebleed and grabbed a t-shirt.
Chase : She's so ashamed of a nosebleed
Chase : she has to hide the evidence in a vent under her bed?
Cameron : She's socially isolated, the brother's always in trouble, it's classic signs.
Foreman : But no physical signs.
Foreman : No marks on her body, no bruises at all.
Cameron : What if it's sexual?
Janie : We should call Social Services.
House : Well, this sucks.
House : Either it's abuse, or it's not abuse,
House : which means either it's a symptom or it's completely irrelevant.
House : Either way, we got to waste half a day figuring out which.
House : Full physical exam.
House : Look for bruises we may have missed, check her mouth and do a vaginal exam.
Chase : We can't do a vaginal exam on a six-year-old without the dad's consent.
Chase : And if he's abusing her, he'll never say yes.
UNK: "Never" is just "reven" spelled backwards.
Foreman : Have you been abusing your daughter?
Deran : What? Why would you...
Foreman : We found this hidden in a vent under her bed.
Deran : I don't know anything about this. Maybe she had a bloody nose?
Foreman : We need to examine her for abuse.
UNK: You can't really think I... Maybe you, maybe the school bully
UNK: maybe the creepy neighbor.
UNK: I'm guessing you're not paying as much attention as you should be.
Foreman : Do you even know where your son is right now?
Deran : Yeah, he was here just... Here a minute ago.
Deran : She isn't being abused.
Foreman : Unfortunately, that answer doesn't help me.
Foreman : If you have abused her,
Foreman : you're obviously gonna lie about it. I'm not lying!
Foreman : We need to do a vaginal exam. No.
Deran : She may be dying,
Deran : she still can't talk and you're gonna waste your time with this?
UNK: Either you consent and we waste a few hours doing the exam, or you refuse
Foreman : and I call Social Services and they waste three days doing an investigation
Foreman : which ends with them doing the exam anyway.
CAMERON : Okay. I'm gonna look inside your mouth. Open wide.
UNK: I need to look at your chest and your back next, okay?
Cameron : I know you can't talk, so stop me if you get scared.
Cameron : Before you came here, did anyone hurt you? Make you bleed?
Cameron : I need to look in your vagina now. Do you understand?
UNK: I'm a doctor, so it's okay. All right?
Cameron : Bend your knees, keep your ankles together
Cameron : and just let your knees fall to the side, okay?
Cameron : Oh, my God.
Cameron : She has cuts all over her genital area, like slices.
Cameron : Some are almost healed, but some are new.
Chase : She could be doing it to herself.
Foreman : She's a little young to be cutting.
Foreman : She's a little young for a stroke.
Chase : Depression accounts for the cuts, molestation accounts for the depression.
Foreman : But do the cuts account for all that blood? They weren't deep enough.
Chase : So she's getting cut, but that's not the source of the blood?
Foreman : The other obvious source is forcible penetration.
UNK: The obvious source of the blood, not the cuts.
Cameron : There was no tearing, there's no evidence at all.
Chase : So we have no explanation for the cuts or the blood.
Chase : Where is he?
Foreman : What if our original assumption was wrong?
Cameron : Meaning what?
Foreman : We found a t-shirt covered with blood hidden in a heating vent.
Foreman : How do we know it's even hers?