UNK: It's why you stink after eating garlic.
House : Jack waters his beanstalk every day for a week
House : he's oozing bean curd out of his pores for a month.
House : Every time you gave the little tykes a hug you gave them a dose of testosterone.
UNK: Small for you, but more than their little bodies can handle.
UNK: So...
Deran : I did this to them?
Deran : Just holding their hands?
UNK: Uh-huh.
Deran : If I stop using it?
House : You'll be floppy, they'll be fine.
UNK: Give it back!
House : He'll still be eight.
UNK: SIGHS
UNK: GROANS
UNK: You okay?
Wilson : Yeah, I think so.
House : Talk to Cuddy? No, not yet.
Wilson : I don't know what to say.
House : Just be straight with her.
Wilson : I'm not sure what that is.
Wilson : I can't stop thinking about her.
House : In what way?
Wilson : Maybe she's right. Maybe...
Wilson : Maybe this is worth exploring.
UNK: Are you sure that she feels...
Wilson : She sent me flowers.
Wilson : How do I do this?
Wilson : What do I say?
House : Cameron would tell you to say how you feel.
House : Me? I'd get her drunk.
UNK: I'm not gonna say anything.
UNK: I'm just gonna walk into her office and I'm gonna kiss her.
House : That's a bold move.
House : Cuddy likes bold.
UNK: Yeah, you're right, if you spoke, you'd just say something stupid.
Wilson : Yeah, I mean I'll either get a girlfriend or get fired.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Yeah. Okay.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: DOOR CLOSES
Wilson : You! You! You!
UNK: You were gonna let me do that?
House : You made a compelling argument.
Wilson : You sent those flowers to me!
House : Yes! Because you took her to a play.
UNK: And because, actually, you do wanna march down there and kiss her.
Wilson : No! I don't.
House : Yes, you do.
UNK: SIGHS
Wilson : You're right.
UNK: Seriously?
UNK: No.
Wilson : You're a jerk.
House : Night, Wilson. Night, House.
Cameron : They're beautiful.
Cameron : I thought about what you said.
UNK: And
Cameron : I really don't want a relationship with you.
House : I know.
Chase : I also know you like flowers.
Cuddy : I don't get the whole May-December thing.
House : Give him a break. May-October at worst.
Cuddy : Well, why can't it be October-October?
House : May is when things start to get hot.
Cuddy : If that guy wasn't trying so hard to keep up with a woman half his age,
Cuddy : he wouldn't have almost killed both his kids.
House : Guy gets a little something-something,
House : couple of kids have to die... Circle of life.
Cuddy : So many people,
Cuddy : so much energy and drama
Cuddy : just trying to find someone who's almost never the right person anyway.
Cuddy : It just shouldn't be so hard.
House : I got tickets to a play.