Cameron : I'm taking you back to your father.
UNK: GASPS
Foreman : The mass is small. About a centimeter across.
Chase : Firing the biopsy needle.
UNK: MACHINE BEEPING
Foreman : You nick an artery?
UNK: No.
UNK: She's in V tach. No pulse.
Foreman : Charging 50. Clear.
UNK: Clear.
UNK: Clear.
UNK: Arrhythmia must have been a reaction to the hydroxyurea.
Chase : We have to stop the drug therapy.
UNK: Her bone marrow will just go back to overproducing blood cells,
Cameron : she'll keep having strokes and we'll have to keep bleeding her.
UNK: Forever.
UNK: We resect the tumor, hormone levels go back to normal, her symptoms go away.
UNK: Great plan, except for the fact that her tumor's not a tumor.
Foreman : It's a benign cyst.
UNK: If it's not a tumor, that just leaves an environmental source.
Foreman : I'm feeling another late night.
Foreman : I'm gonna leave you two alone.
Cameron : You're kidding me, right? What?
Foreman : The answer's right there. It's just a question of finding it.
Foreman : You don't need me for that.
UNK: COIN RATTLING
UNK: Don't get the mochaccino
Cameron : they screwed up and put hot chocolate in the dispenser.
Deran : Thank you.
Wilson : You were right. The eight-year-old kid grabbed my ass.
Cameron : I shouldn't have encouraged him.
Chase : Well, I was a boy once. I know how they think.
UNK: You were a pervert at eight?
UNK: Maybe eleven.
UNK: I didn't realize you were gonna get hurt.
Cameron : I'm sorry I misled you.
House : You didn't.
Chase : You have feelings for me.
Chase : You come back to me again and again.
Cameron : For sex. It's a simple physical... Come on.
Chase : You have feelings for puppies and patients that you barely know.
Chase : But when it comes to a guy that you've worked with for three years,
Chase : had sex with, spent the night with...
UNK: You telling me you feel nothing?
Chase : Absolutely nothing?
Jasper : Get away from her! Don't touch her! I'll kill you if you touch her!
UNK: Jasper! CHASE : Get him off!
Chase : He's biting me. Get him off!
UNK: CHASE GROANING
UNK: GROANS
UNK: PHONE RINGING
House : Somebody better be dying.
Cameron : Lucy's big brother's got a crush on me, so he bit the crap out of Chase.
Chase : Just thought you might want to know when one of your employees
Chase : gets attacked by a sociopath.