House : Sociopaths, no.
UNK: PHONE RINGING
Cameron : How do you know?
House : Not just regular aggressive,
UNK: he's out-of-his-mind - on-hormones aggressive.
Chase : You think he's...
House : Better figure out what's killing the girl, because her brother's got it, too.
CHASE : Jasper's got a hundred times more testosterone
UNK: than a healthy eight-year-old.
Chase : But we scanned his brain and reproductive tract,
UNK: no hormone secreting tumors.
UNK: I'm not surprised. What's more likely?
Foreman : Brother and sister get the same type of tumor at exactly the same time,
Foreman : or they both play in the same toxic sandbox?
Cameron : Yes, you would think that if for some reason you were completely unaware
UNK: of the fact we spent the entire night testing everything from that home.
Cameron : It was all negative.
House : You went home?
House : Good for you. Delegate.
Cameron : We're not his subordinates.
House : Making it all the more impressive.
Chase : What if it's genetic?
UNK: Well, anyone else think it's more than a coincidence
Chase : these kids have symptoms that could be caused by a brain tumor
Chase : which is exactly what killed their mom?
CHASE : You just said there were no tumors.
Foreman : We scanned both their brains.
Chase : They looked clean.
UNK: So did their mom's, until it didn't.
Cameron : It can't be genetic. Mom had none of the same symptoms.
Chase : Yes, she did, if the symptoms were pubic hair and menstruation.
Cameron : That's ridiculous. If menstruation is a symptom of brain cancer
Cameron : then I should be on chemo right now.
House : That's ridiculous. You're way too skinny to be menstruating.
UNK: What if the mom had other problems?
Chase : Symptoms her doctors ignored on account of the fact she was already dying?
UNK: Pull all her medical records.
House : Find any similarities to our patients.
House : And punch the little brat on the nose so he doesn't have a stroke like his sister.
Jasper : I'm not sick.
Foreman : Just trying to keep you that way.
Jasper : I want Dr. Cameron to do mine.
Foreman : Trust me, you don't want her cutting you right now.
Deran : So Jasper's behavioral issues...
UNK: They could be a function of the increased testosterone.
Foreman : Hopefully, he'll be a delight as soon as we figure this out.
Lucy : My tummy hurts.
LUCY : It hurts! No, it doesn't.
Jasper : Don't be such a baby.
Lucy : My tummy hurts!
UNK: Where in your tummy? It hurts!
Lucy : It hurts!
UNK: SCREAMING
Foreman : Stomach pain is from a cyst in her pancreas.
UNK: I found two more in her kidneys and one in her lung.
Foreman : They weren't there 48 hours ago.
Foreman : Hormones are making her body go haywire.
House : She gets one in her brain or heart, she's dead.
House : No pressure, though.
UNK: Her mom was perfectly healthy until she got cancer.
Chase : She had none of the symptoms the kids have.
Cameron : It's not genetic, it's not environmental.
UNK: It's gotta be a pituitary adenoma.
House : Yes! That would make complete sense if they had one.
Cameron : Just because we haven't found anything on the scan doesn't mean it's not there.
Cameron : We should remove her pituitary gland.
House : Two siblings, same condition.
UNK: It's gotta be genetic or environmental.
UNK: We add in the same time and we're back to just environmental.
Chase : Yes, and that would make complete sense if there was anything in her environment.
Cameron : Just because we haven't found anything yet...
Foreman : She's been out of her environment for four days and she's still getting worse.
Cameron : I'm getting the father's consent.
UNK: No!
House : We have no evidence.
Cameron : This is your process, House.
Cameron : You asked us what two plus two is.
Cameron : We've eliminated every number except for four.