Kutner : You're skipping steps because it's Cameron.
Kutner : You haven't figured her out, you want to see how far you can push.
House : I'm skipping steps because our patient is skipping steps
House : on the way to being dead.
UNK: If you got a better idea...
Kutner : We should remove her spleen.
Kutner : Splenic lymphoma explains the damaged platelets, the heart, the lungs.
House : If this doesn't work, spleen is all yours.
House : Unless I kill her, of course.
House : Not only will this allow us to clock your brain's processing speed,
House : you'll also get free cable for the first three months.
House : What's this?
Sarah : A blue car. Is that part of the test?
UNK: No, my lease is up next month. You like it?
House : I'm gonna ask you a series of questions
House : designed to stimulate left-brain function,
House : logic, reasoning, problem solving.
House : Or as my mentor Old Ben liked to call it, "The dark side."
House : If we find slow areas, we know we found damage.
House : We treat, you go home. Ready?
Sarah : I'd nod yes, but I can't move my head.
House : This pen is red. Its ink is red. Is all ink red?
UNK: No.
Cameron : Nerve conduction's 12.8 meters per second, right within range.
Kutner : Cameron's letting him cut into our patient's skull
Kutner : based on nothing but dead bugs and someone else's runny nose.
House : There are two pints in a quart.
House : Four quarts in a gallon. How many pints in five gallons?
Sarah : Who's that?
House : That's my old boss. And by "old," I don't mean "former".
Cuddy : Insulting me is not gonna make me go away.
House : You're not here, obviously, I'm not trying to make you go away.
House : Hint, the answer is a number.
UNK: Um...
UNK: 40?
Cameron : 12.4 meters per second. Conduction's still normal.
Cuddy : Dr. Cameron? You're actually assisting him with this?
Cameron : Yes, because I'm actually familiar with this case.
Cuddy : Well, I'm familiar enough to know
Cuddy : that cutting into this woman's brain is not necessary.
Sarah : Is she serious?
House : She's certainly not funny.
House : Put the phone down, pick up the baby. Make us all happy.
Cuddy : Okay, settle down, baby. It's okay. We'll be done in a minute.
Cameron : BP's dropping.
House : Get it back up. I got a whole stack of these.
UNK: Give her 10 cc dopamine.