Cuddy : Do not play his games because you will lose.
Cameron : You hired me to do this job, let me do it.
House : Oh! I'm sorry, looks like you guys are in the middle of a conversation.
House : I can wait until Cuddy leaves.
Kutner : You are gonna leave soon, aren't you?
Sarah : I mean, the nurses have got your baby out there.
House : Not that they're going to kidnap it or anything,
House : but I figured that the new mother brings the baby to work
House : because she wants to listen to all the cooing.
Cameron : If you're gonna wait, you can wait outside.
House : Unless the new mother brings the baby to work
House : because she wants to dump the baby,
House : because she hates the baby and thinks she made a big mistake.
House : You can't trust that Wilson guy with anything.
Cameron : Lisa, are you...
Cuddy : It's not a big deal, I was having a bad day.
House : Is Wilson gonna be in trouble?
Cuddy : For betraying my trust in a vulnerable time? No.
Cuddy : Why would that bother me?
House : He was worried, he made a bad choice.
Cuddy : It's not a big deal.
House : I know it seems like crap, you probably feel like crap, but it's not.
House : Legally, you haven't adopted her yet.
House : There's no obligations, no strings. It could be undone tomorrow.
UNK: Emotionally, you'll feel guilty for a while,
House : but the kid, she won't even know you existed.
Cuddy : You saying I should give her back?
House : Much better than having a mother who doesn't give a crap.
UNK: Thanks.
Cuddy : I'm just gonna go drop it off at the pound.
Cameron : What did you want?
House : We got a green light. Go draw the patient's blood.
UNK: Why?
House : To see if it clumps in the cold.
Thirteen : She's making you confirm your theory before you treat?
House : She approved the bath.
UNK: She just thought we ought to do a test to confirm.
Kutner : That's more of a yellow light, isn't it?
Taub : So, she lets you nuke the patient, no problem,
Taub : but makes you jump through hoops to give her a bath?
Taub : Why would she do that?
Forman : I think she was playing you.
House : Go draw the blood.
Sarah : I didn't realize the nurses allowed any visitors in here.
Sarah : They don't.
Sarah : We'll just do these problems, and then you have to go. Okay?
UNK: Okay. I need to draw some blood.
Kutner : I had a crush on my teacher in fourth grade. And fifth.
Tammy : It's more that... Johnny was a non-verbal autistic.
Tammy : Then for Sarah, he talks, makes eye contact. He's like a regular kid.
Tammy : Since she got sick, he started going back away from us.
Tammy : I had to bring him in for a visit.
Kutner : Tell you what,
Kutner : I'll close the blinds so the nurses don't ask questions.
Kutner : You can stay as long as you want.
Kutner : We should have the results in about an hour.
Sarah : I'll be here.
Sarah : Good job.
Foreman : One minute at 39 degrees.
Thirteen : Oh! Damn. Sorry.
Foreman : You all right?
Thirteen : Don't be paranoid. I feel great.
Thirteen : Didn't expect the meds to work this quickly.
Foreman : Let's not get ahead of ourselves, you might not even be on the real drug.
Thirteen : Several patients have shown improvement. I know my test results have been better.
Thirteen : I know I have more energy.
Foreman : You ever hear the term "placebo effect"?
Thirteen : I guess I do have a few reasons to feel good.
Thirteen : But let's not get ahead of ourselves, you're good,
Thirteen : but not "curing Huntington's" good.