House : You think we'll bond?
House : Is that cute?
Cuddy : A little.
House : If I threw up on you, you'd be pissed.
Cuddy : Your puke isn't as cute.
House : That's 'cause of your hips. If she would've just gestated a little longer,
House : her stomach sphincter would be fully mature.
House : But, no, we have to walk upright,
House : which means that baby's head is too big for mommy's hips.
House : And by the way, your hips may be an evolutionary improvement.
House : So we've evolved to find baby puke cute.
House : 'Cause otherwise we'd kill them all before they became functional.
House : Bonding's over. I got to go see another baby.
Sarah : So, I can just live spleen-free?
Kutner : Plenty of people live perfectly normal lives without...
House : Spleen's fine.
Kutner : It's not her brain.
House : Of course it's her brain.
UNK: You've looked at her brain, you took off her skull, you found nothing.
House : Didn't look in the right part. Didn't look in the heart part.
House : In the womb, blood has to bypass the lungs since they don't work yet.
House : When we're born, we take our first big breath, lungs expand,
House : and the ductus closes. Yours didn't.
Kutner : She has a Patent ductus arteriosus.
House : When you get stressed, your blood pressure goes up
House : Which means that when you get stressed, you get un-stressed.
House : That's why you're so good with those annoying kids.
House : And why, when your blood pressure dropped,
House : you were able to identify Cuddy as an annoying human being.
House : Good news is we can fix the heart.
House : Bad news for the annoying kids.
Cameron : She's incredible.
Cuddy : Thank you.
Cuddy : Great work today.
UNK: I should have trusted your instincts. I will in the future.
Cameron : I quit.
Cuddy : I think I just apologized. If you want, I can get down on my knees.
Cameron : It's not because of you.
Cameron : I approved an insane procedure with no proof, no evidence, no...
Cuddy : You made the right call.
Thirteen : The problem was a brain problem. Without the procedure,
Cuddy : House never notices the increased left brain function.
Cuddy : She'd be dead if you hadn't said yes.
Cuddy : I know.
UNK: But
Cameron : I'll always say yes to House. I studied under him. He's in my head.
Cameron : And if you gave anyone else this job, they would always say no.
Cameron : Because... Well, because they should.
Cameron : House is insane.
Cuddy : Which leaves me.
House : I'm sorry.
Sarah : Hey, buddy.
Sarah : It's okay, buddy, come here.
Sarah : I missed you so much. I missed you.
UNK: How are you?
UNK: Good. Yeah? You look so handsome.