UNK: Absolutely.
Wilson : What's she like?
Cuddy : She's eight weeks old.
Cuddy : Are you asking me about her politics or her sense of humor?
Wilson : My cousin had a kid. They acted like they knew the thing
Wilson : from the time it was two minutes old. I just thought...
Cuddy : She cries, she eats, and she poops.
Wilson : What's wrong?
Cuddy : I don't feel anything.
Wilson : You're tired.
Cuddy : I'm not sleep deprived.
Cuddy : She sleeps fine. I'm obviously not hormonal.
Cuddy : I know I'm supposed to feel amazement.
Cuddy : I'm supposed to love her.
Sarah : I just...
Cuddy : I don't feel anything at all.
Cuddy : Sorry. Maybe I'm just tired.
Cuddy : Thank you for stopping by. I'm okay.
UNK: Lisa,
Wilson : if you're...
UNK: I'm feeding her, I'm changing her, and I'm burping her.
Cuddy : I'm doing everything I'm supposed to do. She will be okay.
Cuddy : Please go back to work.
Thirteen : It is the blood, but the clotting proteins aren't the problem.
Foreman : It's her platelets. Looked like they had bite marks in them.
House : So, now you're agreeing?
House : Either you folded because I gave you crap, or you broke up, or...
Foreman : We disagree, you blame our relationship.
Foreman : We agree, you blame our relationship.
Foreman : Don't you see a problem there?
House : Yes. Don't you?
Taub : Could be lymphoma.
UNK: Not with a normal LDH.
Kutner : ITP fits. We should start her on methotrexate.
UNK: Absolutely. And total body irradiation.
Taub : Because she failed the bleeding time test?
Kutner : TBI will promote cancers, kill her digestive tract.
House : Don't forget, stop her from bleeding into her brain.
Kutner : It's premature, reckless, and potentially lethal.
House : True. Must be somebody's job to stop me from being reckless and irresponsible.
House : Nobody can stop me from being premature.
UNK: I got a patient with ITP. I want to hit her with radiation.
Cameron : I'm gonna have to call you back.
UNK: Methotrexate. Good point.
House : On the other hand, if she bleeds in her brain,
House : she's gonna need a special ed class of her own.
UNK: Fine.
UNK: Really?
Cameron : Yeah. If you think it's right, do it.
UNK: Hmm.
House : Some people thought you were going to be brutal, marking your territory.
UNK: Who? Nobody.
House : Just because I call him nobody, doesn't make me a racist.
UNK: I'm not going to play games.
Cameron : If you come to me with a request, and it makes medical sense, I'll say yes.
House : I need oral sex.
House : I'm pretty sure biological imperative qualifies as medical sense.
Cameron : Can I return my phone call now?
House : I don't really see how that's going to be possible.
Thirteen : Patient won't respond to methotrexate, bleeding time hasn't improved.
House : You have a medical dilemma for me, I have one for you.
House : I need a reason to not do total body irradiation.
Foreman : Other than that Cameron said you can't.
House : She said I can.
Kutner : Then why don't we just do it?
House : Because it's premature, reckless, and potentially lethal.
Kutner : Then why don't we just don't do it?
House : Because that would let Cameron in on the fact
House : that I never intended to do it.
Taub : This is gonna be convoluted, isn't it?
House : Figured I'd ask for something really crazy so she'd shoot me down,
House : and get the whole, "I can control House" thing out of her perky little system.
House : So the next time I went back and I asked for something marginally crazy,
House : it would seem marginally reasonable, and she'd say yes.
House : So, yeah, slightly convoluted.
Taub : You're screwed.
Thirteen : Unless we irradiate her.