UNK: Good news, I don't need your approval for some crazy, unproven treatment.
House : I just need to do a test.
UNK: You want to remove your patient's skull.
House : Remind me to revoke Kutner's telephone privileges.
Cameron : I didn't realize that was an AMA-approved treatment for MS.
House : Not searching for MS, but what set it off. Equine encephalitis.
House : Turned a cool breeze of MS into a Cat 5 storm.
Cameron : I didn't realize your patient was a horse.
House : There's been human cases.
Cameron : Not when it's 30 degrees outside. Transmission is by mosquito.
House : So, she got bitten six months ago.
House : Or it's some other infection.
House : Whatever it is, it's running rampant
House : in the left side of her brain. When I get in there I'll get you the specifics.
Cameron : You're asking me to let you cut off the top of someone's head.
Cameron : I need more than "I'll know it when I see it."
House : So, you want proof before you let me go looking for the proof?
House : This is the test.
Cameron : You have to give me something.
House : Cuddy's gonna love you. The patient, on the other hand, is gonna hate you
House : until the day she dies next week.
House : Actually, this idiot will probably forgive you.
Foreman : You gonna help or what?
Thirteen : I want kids.
UNK: Um...
Foreman : I think these kids are already spoken for.
Thirteen : Not now. But since we're dating I just thought you should know.
Foreman : I thought, because of your illness...
Thirteen : So did I.
Thirteen : Even when I didn't know if I had it or not,
Thirteen : I just assumed I couldn't take the chance. But now,
Thirteen : even though I know I have it, it feels like an option.
Cuddy : You really don't have to keep buying me things.
Wilson : Just open it.
Cuddy : This is nice.
Wilson : The picture is actually your gift.
Wilson : That's your baby.
Wilson : I took her picture to one of those places that does that age enhancement thing.
Wilson : And according to the kid who works there,
Wilson : this is a pretty good approximation
Wilson : of what your daughter will look like 18 years from now.
Cuddy : That's sort of cool.
Wilson : Right now, she's just this weird little creature
Wilson : that sleeps and poops and cries.
Wilson : But that is who she's going to be.
Wilson : You will be teaching her how to ride a bike,
Wilson : giving her advice about friends and school and having her heart broken,
Wilson : she'll ignore most of it, but some of it will stick.
Kutner : You're gonna be there for her through all of that.
Wilson : You just have to get through this part. That's all.
Cuddy : It's very sweet.
Cuddy : I'll pay you back for the photo.
Wilson : Don't worry about it. That's just the picture that came with the frame.
Wilson : You can chuck it.
UNK: A kid with a raging viral syndrome
House : and three dead mosquitoes.
House : I'm off to storm the Bastille.
Cameron : These aren't mosquitoes.
House : Fruit flies. Close enough.
Cameron : Acute viral nasopharyngitis?
Cameron : One of her students has the common cold?
House : Team's not what it used to be.
House : On the other hand, Kutner ran his endoscopic ultrasound, didn't find peep.
Cameron : So, disproving it's her pancreas proves it's her brain?
UNK: Yes!
House : You used to do this job. Remember? It's what used to pass for evidence.
Cameron : Now I do this job. You brought me three dead bugs and a runny nose!
House : I can't find you the proof you want because it's trapped inside her head.
House : The only way I can get at it is to cut it open and rip it out,
UNK: which, apparently, is the one test you won't let me run.
House : So, either I do this or I do nothing.
Cameron : What do you want me to do? Say yes just because you're House?
House : I'd certainly like that, yeah.
UNK: Yes.
Kutner : Cameron actually said yes?
UNK: No, I'm just obsessive about clean cuticles.
Kutner : Sawing off the top of her skull
Kutner : and placing electrodes on her brain is insane.
House : Right, we should be re-testing her pancreas for the umpteenth time.