UNK: I spent the whole 40 days with this
John : attaché to the Minister of Defense.
John : The most buttoned-down woman you'd ever meet,
UNK: except when she did this dance.
John : She agreed to tell me stuff.
UNK: Okay, you got half a good story there.
UNK: Karma.
UNK: Greg House : Best way to rid yourself of that guilt is to confess your sins.
UNK: This pain, it's right. It's comforting.
John : It makes me think that somehow it all makes sense.
UNK: What do you mean 40 days?
John : When they found out
UNK: what she'd told me...
UNK: Greg House : Carnival in Bolivia's only eight days.
UNK: Greg House : You have any idea what a chestnut looks like?
UNK: Greg House : You idiot!
UNK: Samira Terzi : Who are you calling an idiot?
UNK: Greg House : Whoever knew that John was stationed in Brazil, not Bolivia.
UNK: Brazil?
UNK: Greg House : Well, then, I guess I'm talking to you, idiot.
UNK: Agent Smith : It's the same region. It's the same parasites, same diseases.
UNK: Greg House : But not the same language.
UNK: Greg House : In Bolivia, chestnuts are chestnuts.
UNK: Greg House : Brazil, on the other hand, has castanhas-do-pára
UNK: literally, chestnuts from Pára,
UNK: Greg House : because it would be stupid for people from Brazil to call them Brazil nuts.
UNK: Agent Smith : So, he ate Brazil nuts. Big deal.
UNK: Greg House : No, he ate a lot of Brazil nuts, which is a big deal,
UNK: Greg House : because they contain selenium,
UNK: Greg House : which in high doses causes fatigue, vomiting, skin irritation,
UNK: Greg House : discharge from the fingernail beds and hair loss.
UNK: Greg House : Any of that sounding familiar?
UNK: Agent Smith : Can you treat it?
UNK: We already started.
UNK: Treatment's chelation, the same as for radiation sickness.
UNK: Greg House : The only difference is it works a lot better on nut poisoning.
UNK: Agent Smith : So, what's the problem?
UNK: Samira Terzi : You're an idiot.
UNK: Lou Alfonso : Why is she shivering?
UNK: Travis Brennan : Low serum calcium is a side effect of the treatment.
UNK: Travis Brennan : I can give her a calcium supplement.
UNK: Casey Alfonso : My arm hurts.
UNK: The infusion rate has to remain high for the treatment to work.
UNK: Lou Alfonso : Is it working?
UNK: Eric Foreman : You feel that?
UNK: Yeah, it hurts.
UNK: Travis Brennan : It's working! This is fantastic.
UNK: There's a lot you could learn at my fellowship.
UNK: If you knew the procedures I could teach you...
UNK: Of course, we'd need a nurse to prep.
UNK: Samira Terzi : I know how to kill a man with my thumb.
UNK: Greg House : Actually, I was just trying to make another euphemism for sex.
UNK: Samira Terzi : So was I.
UNK: Sidney Curtis : Oh, God. How can you flirt with this idiot?
UNK: Sidney Curtis : He lied to us again and again. He broke laws, ethical codes...
UNK: Greg House : I was right.
UNK: Sidney Curtis : That doesn't mean everything.
UNK: Samira Terzi : It means a lot.
UNK: Dr. Curtis, Dr. House. I appreciate your help.
UNK: Allison Cameron : Hey. Hey.
UNK: Allison Cameron : When you were dying,
UNK: Allison Cameron : you tried to infect me,
UNK: Allison Cameron : because you knew I'd fight for you
UNK: Allison Cameron : if I thought I was dying, too.
UNK: Are you bringing this up now so I'll forgive you for messing with my patient?
UNK: Allison Cameron : I'm happy I changed jobs.
UNK: Allison Cameron : But I know I'll never have that sort of
UNK: excitement.
UNK: Eric Foreman : You miss people trying to kill you?
UNK: No.
UNK: Allison Cameron : I miss people doing whatever it takes to get the job done.
UNK: Allison Cameron : I guess that's why I'm having trouble giving it up.
UNK: Allison Cameron : I shouldn't have helped them mess with your patient.
UNK: Eric Foreman : They had to screw with me. I've gotten everything wrong.
UNK: Allison Cameron : I don't believe it.
UNK: Allison Cameron : You're not gonna get everything right.
UNK: Allison Cameron : But you're never gonna get everything wrong.
UNK: Morning!
UNK: Chris Taub : Where have you been the last two days?
UNK: Overslept. We saved speed racer.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : She had polio. We cured it with vitamin C.
UNK: Greg House : Yeah. I cured depression with tonic water once.