UNK: Eric Foreman : That's why you're finding it, because you're looking for it.
UNK: Polio?
UNK: It's crazy. House wouldn't think so.
UNK: Eric Foreman : So, go find House and tell him your theory.
UNK: Eric Foreman : Take a personal day. Seriously. Get out of here.
UNK: Travis Brennan : You don't have the power to fire me.
UNK: Eric Foreman : But I do have the power to kick your ass off my case.
UNK: I'm starting the botulism treatment.
UNK: Eric Foreman : The rest of you, look for confirmation.
UNK: Sidney Curtis : He should be brought up on charges.
UNK: Greg House : Okay, relax.
UNK: Greg House : I'll take your book out from under my piano.
UNK: Sidney Curtis : He's dying of radiation sickness. He's obviously in pain.
UNK: Sidney Curtis : All of which could have been avoided if you hadn't interfered...
UNK: Sidney Curtis : What was that for?
UNK: Greg House : Radiation sickness kills specific cells at specific times.
UNK: Greg House : His hair should be coming out in clumps before he's writhing in pain.
UNK: Greg House : Since it's not, I know who's trying to kill him.
UNK: God.
UNK: Greg House : It's blood cancer, Waldenstrom's.
UNK: Sidney Curtis : Radiation can cause infections, which set off neuropathy...
UNK: Greg House : If you had any real evidence of foul play,
UNK: Greg House : you'd be torturing Bolivians
UNK: Greg House : instead of putting me into a state of anticipatory sexual arousal.
UNK: Samira Terzi : Can we treat for both?
UNK: Greg House : Bad idea. Unless you're the one who's trying to poison him.
UNK: Samira Terzi : I'll arrange for plasmapheresis and chemo.
UNK: Sidney Curtis : Are you gonna trust him after what he did?
UNK: Samira Terzi : I don't have to trust him to agree with him.
UNK: Greg House : You make a good point.
UNK: Greg House : I've been wrong every time and she still won't listen to you.
UNK: So, either she really likes me or she really hates you.
UNK: Greg House : And I got a ride in the jet.
UNK: Allison Cameron : Oh, hi. What are you doing here?
UNK: Just came to say hi.
UNK: Allison Cameron : Hi again.
UNK: Where's Mrs. Bearman?
UNK: Eric Foreman : Sent her home.
UNK: Allison Cameron : I was scheduling her for an MRA.
UNK: Eric Foreman : If we gave MRAs to every patient with a headache...
UNK: Allison Cameron : This wasn't just a headache, it was the worst in her life.
UNK: And lucky for you, I'm a neurologist.
UNK: Eric Foreman : She went to a wine and cheese tasting. Both triggers for migraines.
UNK: Allison Cameron : She's never had a migraine before.
UNK: Eric Foreman : And I never had a blueberry bagel,
UNK: but for the first time I had one.
UNK: Allison Cameron : Bagels don't kill people.
UNK: This is a classic ticking bomb aneurism.
UNK: Eric Foreman : Wow. This taught me a lesson.
UNK: Eric Foreman : I guess when I mess with other people's patients,
UNK: Eric Foreman : I risk looking like an officious bitch.
UNK: Allison Cameron : We're gonna have to track down Mrs. Bearman.
UNK: Allison Cameron : Wait. Never mind.
UNK: It's funny.
UNK: Allison Cameron : It's not funny, it's totally immature.
UNK: Robert Chase : It is funny.
UNK: Robert Chase : You just can't appreciate it, because you're the victim.
UNK: Allison Cameron : Yeah. I deserve shame and ridicule for offering a consult.
UNK: Allison Cameron : Unheard of for a doctor.
UNK: Robert Chase : You didn't offer a medical consult.
UNK: Robert Chase : You offered a dealing-with-Foreman consult.
UNK: Allison Cameron : For the good of the patient. It's what House would have done.
UNK: Robert Chase : Maybe House will hear about it and tear up with pride.
UNK: Allison Cameron : You think I'm trying to impress him.
UNK: Robert Chase : I think that for someone who's not involved in his team,
UNK: Robert Chase : you're remarkably involved in his team.
UNK: Robert Chase : Let it go.
UNK: Robert Chase : Let him go.
UNK: Robert Chase : And that's mature.