UNK: Sixty-eight year old male, non-smoker.
UNK: Greg House : Sixty-eight's a good run.
UNK: Greg House : That'll leave something in the lock box for the rest of us. Next?
UNK: Jeffrey Cole : That's your breakfast?
UNK: Greg House : Technically, it's Wilson's lunch.
UNK: Twenty-month old baby, persistent rash, fever...
UNK: Greg House : Too much crying.
UNK: Chris Taub : Female college student with... Too much drama.
UNK: Eric Foreman : You don't care about the crying or the drama,
UNK: Eric Foreman : 'cause you won't see the patient.
UNK: Eric Foreman : And you'd treat Methuselah if his snot had an interesting color.
UNK: Eric Foreman : Means you've already decided which case you wanna take next.
UNK: Greg House : Tell me about speed racer.
UNK: Travis Brennan : Female, seizure with visual and auditory processing deficiency.
UNK: Travis Brennan : I did a consult, and...
UNK: Greg House : What kind of race car?
UNK: Dragster.
UNK: Continue.
UNK: Jeffrey Cole : You're gonna take a case based on the car she drives?
UNK: Greg House : Nothing says, "Thanks for saving my life"
UNK: Greg House : like a test drive in a car that accelerates faster than a space shuttle.
UNK: Eric Foreman : You can't save her life, 'cause she's not dying.
UNK: Her labs show signs of dehydration,
UNK: Eric Foreman : means the problem's just likely heatstroke.
UNK: Kind of hard to get heat struck in four and a half seconds.
UNK: Eric Foreman : Not when you're wearing a three-layer fireproof suit.
UNK: Excuse me, Dr. House?
UNK: Greg House : No. Lazy ass called in sick again.
UNK: We can give him the message.
UNK: Agent Smith : May we talk in private?
UNK: Greg House : So, either it's heatstroke, in which case we take the afternoon off,
UNK: Greg House : or it's one of the diagnoses that you guys are gonna have for me in two minutes.
UNK: Greg House : You're in charge.
UNK: Eric Foreman : I know.
UNK: Cop? He's not packing.
UNK: Amber Volakis : Your dad's either a cop or a security guard.
UNK: Lawrence Kutner : Or she carries a weapon.
UNK: Greg House : You're with the CIA.
UNK: Agent Smith : One of our employees just returned from an assignment sick.
UNK: Now, we believe he may be the victim of an assassination attempt.
UNK: Sure.
UNK: Greg House : You wanna close the door?
UNK: Door?
UNK: Greg House : Well, I assume you're gonna drop trou at some point during the dance,
UNK: Greg House : I don't see why I should share.
UNK: Agent Smith : This isn't a joke.
UNK: Agent Smith : If you're willing to help us, we need to leave now.
UNK: Greg House : If I have to walk somewhere, there better be at least five girls involved.
UNK: Greg House : And they better be working their way through college.
UNK: Okay, what have you got?
UNK: Travis Brennan : Hereditary brain disorder, transient ischemia
UNK: Travis Brennan : or paraneoplastic syndrome.
UNK: Eric Foreman : None of those go away with IV fluids. It's heatstroke.
UNK: Greg House : Or Cushing's or calcium deficiency.
UNK: Who's your friend?
UNK: We use the term life partner.
UNK: Greg House : Get a fresh history, neurological exam and an MRI of her head.
UNK: Greg House : Fifteen minutes for the lap dance,
UNK: a half-hour to scrub the guilt off my soul...
UNK: See you in 45!
UNK: Agent Smith : Dr. House, we need to hurry.
UNK: Greg House : Yeah, we need to hurry.
UNK: Greg House : Little advice.
UNK: Greg House : I mean, obviously the Village People played out the whole cop thing.
UNK: Greg House : But come on, CIA?
UNK: Greg House : You seriously expect anyone to believe that?
UNK: Agent Smith : It helps when you have props.
UNK: Travis Brennan : Keep your eye on my pen.
UNK: Travis Brennan : Very good.
UNK: Eric Foreman : Any nausea or vomiting before the seizure?
UNK: No.
UNK: Casey Alfonso : My dad had some, but he's always like that before a race.
UNK: Could have been food poisoning.
UNK: You two eat breakfast together? No.
UNK: Travis Brennan : Any history of sciatica or spinal injury?