UNK: So... So...
Cuddy : Why did I ever ban alcohol from the cafeteria?
Cuddy : Before I forget, there's a brush,
UNK: tortoise shell handle, natural bristles.
UNK: It wasn't in the box. If you could look for it?
House : Like the Lindbergh baby.
House : You dating anyone?
Cuddy : We don't have to...
House : Look, it's just standard lunch conversation.
Cuddy : Not for us.
House : Okay, well, if you've gone over
House : to the "we don't talk about things" side,
UNK: then I got a pot roast in the oven.
UNK: No.
Cuddy : I haven't dated anyone since you.
House : You know what they say, once you go gimp...
UNK: We should talk about your leg.
House : You think I have unresolved issues,
Wilson : and you are the unresolved issues.
UNK: Yes.
UNK: But I think it's more than that.
Cuddy : Your life, your choices...
House : I did it to fix my life.
House : No, wait.
UNK: No, I did it because I am a deeply unhappy person.
House : No, I did it to get sympathy from you.
House : I did it to piss you off. I did it because I'm not over you.
House : Or I was over you and I was moving on.
UNK: I did it because I wanna know
House : what it's like not to be in pain.
House : I did it because I wanna feel more pain.
House : Whatever the reason, it was a bad reason and a bad idea.
House : That's all that matters.
House : Good lunch.
Cuddy : House! Talk to me.
House : I already did.
Cuddy : No, you just parroted back
UNK: what Wilson and I have been saying to you the last few days.
House : Get out of my way. No.
Cuddy : You pulled a stitch.
Cuddy : House, please. Just talk to me.
House : You want to know how I feel?
House : I feel hurt.
Ruby : I know.
Jerry : I'm sorry.
House : It's not your fault.
Afsoun : Did I make the wrong choice?
Afsoun : Five years, through every opening, every installation,
Afsoun : every day and every night,
Afsoun : he was there the whole time.
Thirteen : Except the first time you were diagnosed.
Thirteen : You broke up with him and you had to go through all of that alone.
Thirteen : Maybe that's the real reason you're doing this piece,
Thirteen : so that this time, you can have him with you.
Thirteen : You still could.
UNK: Hi.
Jerry : Lisa Cuddy. Nice to meet you.
Cuddy : I'm sorry about the other day.
UNK: I... There was some personal things going on in my life
Cuddy : and I wasn't at my best.
Jerry : Well, in retrospect,
Jerry : my approach could've come off as a little creepy.
UNK: No.
Cuddy : On a scale from one to creepy,
Cuddy : you were, maybe, mildly unnerving.
UNK: Rach.
Taub : Sorry I ducked your calls. I keep making the same mistakes,
Taub : but at some point... Chris.
Rachel : I'm pregnant.
Taub : I didn't expect that.
UNK: Sorry, I was checking the stitches on my penis.
Thirteen : Your leg okay?
House : It's healing. Good.
Thirteen : Just came to grab the radiation therapy forms.