Thirteen : Luca, hand me the oxygen mask behind you.
UNK: Luca!
UNK: Congratulations, it's a gestational sac.
UNK: You can't see anything this early. I know.
Ruby : I just figured this would help me process what's happening.
Ruby : There's a lot we gotta figure out.
Taub : We have almost eight months.
Taub : You're not having doubts, are you?
Ruby : No. Are you?
Taub : Definitely not.
UNK: A nice, cozy home for little Ruben.
Taub : It's a family name. It's a sandwich.
Taub : Named for my family.
Taub : It's just House.
Cuddy : I swear to God, stay out of my personal life.
UNK: Where's the downside here?
UNK: Huh? Jerry is cute,
Julia : he's a Senior VP,
Julia : he kite-surfs in Costa Rica every winter, and he loves his mother.
UNK: Seasonally?
Cuddy : Or is that just the kite-surfing?
Julia : Is this about House?
UNK: What?
Cuddy : Like, I secretly wish I could alter the laws of the universe,
Cuddy : change who we are and magically make it work out?
Julia : Yes, that's exactly what I'm asking.
UNK: And my sarcasm indicated "no."
Julia : No. Your sarcasm indicated you wanted
Julia : to avoid actually saying anything.
Julia : Look, Lisa...
Julia : All I know is you seem stuck.
Julia : And I don't like seeing you like that.
Foreman : She got worse in the hyperbaric chamber, it's not CO poisoning.
Thirteen : I think we should consider infection and test the assistant.
Thirteen : I couldn't get his attention, he was in a daze.
Foreman : - You think that's a symptom? - He's in love with her.
UNK: He's probably just overwhelmed and couldn't decide what to do.
House : What's he been doing since she was admitted?
House : Did he bring anything from the patient room into the treatment room?
Foreman : Few things. A handbag, flowers, a stuffed elephant.
House : Does she seem like the kind of woman who needs a stuffed animal?
Thirteen : Who are you calling?
Thirteen : Oh. Of course.
House : What are you wearing?
House : Oh. I can see what you're wearing. Go to her room.
Thirteen : This is a nanny cam.
UNK: Congratulations. We've become her latest work of art.
Thirteen : It shouldn't have surprised us.
Thirteen : All her work is based on personal traumas.
Thirteen : She's had Luca taking notes, videotape her treatments,
Thirteen : collect things, like sharps and bandages.
Thirteen : It'll all go into a gallery installation.
UNK: Well, then, I guess as long as the exploitation is properly motivated,
Taub : it's all okay.
Chase : Ultrasound showed a cyst on her pancreas. We drained it...
Taub : Why are we even discussing this case?
Taub : She lied to us, it's opening us up to malpractice...
House : Our practice opens us up to malpractice.