House : I think you just figured out that you were mortal.
House : Just a bag of cells and waste
House : with an expiration date.
House : You wanted to act out, you wanted people to notice.
House : Maybe you even prayed for a different answer this time.
Wilson : You're forging my name on prescriptions again.
UNK: No.
House : What you just said implies that I stopped at some point.
UNK: Twenty minutes ago, I put a notice out to all local pharmacies
Wilson : to require verbal authorization
UNK: before filling in my prescriptions.
House : You have any idea how much extra work you've just given yourself?
House : You're not gonna last a week.
Wilson : I've been dealing with this for years,
Wilson : but it's over.
Wilson : Your liver, your hearing,
Wilson : never mind the fact that each scrip you write is a separate felony.
Wilson : You will serve time. So could I.
House : You've chosen this moment to give me crap about my Vicodin use?
Wilson : You filled this three days ago,
Wilson : now it's almost half gone.
House : So is my leg.
UNK: It's a month's supply.
Wilson : The amount you're taking has nothing to do with physical pain.
UNK: Okay.
House : So, maybe I am trying to numb myself a little.
House : Because I'm trying to change.
UNK: I'm trying to stop being self-destructive.
Wilson : So, you can only handle not self-destructing by being self-destructive?
House : What do you want from me?
Wilson : I don't know, House. But I'm worried about you.
Wilson : I don't know how many times I can watch you
Wilson : cut off pieces of yourself.
Wilson : Now it's the ICU, next time it'll be the morgue.
Wilson : You're miserable and you're angry.
Wilson : And I want you to actually deal with that
Wilson : and not just try to medicate the issue away.
UNK: No.
House : You know what I feel right now?
House : I don't feel miserable or angry. I don't feel good or bad.
House : I feel nothing.
House : Which feels great.
Wilson : What are you doing?
House : Moving on. In the direction of my house,
UNK: where I've got some more pills.
Nurse : You're discharging yourself against doctor's orders,
Nurse : you've got to check that box.
House : I'm a doctor, so technically...
Nurse : Wouldn't it be easier if you just checked the box?
House : Why are you still here?
Afsoun : I'm going as soon as the nurse brings me something for my eczema.
Afsoun : I figured it was irritated by the paint thinner
Afsoun : poured on me in the gallery.
Luca : Does this mean something?
House : It's not eczema.
House : And it's not cancer.
Chase : It's Wegener's granulomatosis.
UNK: The biopsy confirmed that what you thought was eczema
Chase : was actually a swelling of the blood vessels in your skin.
Chase : It also explains the pancreatitis and the mass in your brain.
Chase : And it's treatable.
Luca : What's the treatment?
Chase : We could do steroids alone,
Chase : to shrink the growth in your brain.
Chase : But it's much better to add another course of radiation.
Afsoun : Radiation? On my brain?
Afsoun : But it made me fuzzy last time.
Afsoun : It was harder to work.
UNK: I'm still slowed down from it.
House : And it'll get worse.
House : But, you know, dying can also do a number on your ability to think.
Jerry : I'm sorry. I can't do the radiation.
Luca : They just said it was the better treatment.
Luca : It could save your life.
Afsoun : My life's not worth anything if I can't do my art.
Luca : You have friends, people who care about you.
Afsoun : This is my brain, my work and my life, Luca.
Luca : You have more!
Luca : This is not some great performance piece anymore.
Luca : This is just crazy.
Jerry : I'm sorry.
Luca : I can't watch you die.
Luca : Not when you can save yourself.
Luca : Goodbye, Afsoun.
House : Good for you.