Thirteen : I'll do it.
Thirteen : He's going through a tough patch right now.
Thirteen : If this is the distraction he needs
Thirteen : to keep him in his hospital bed,
Thirteen : I'm sure it's better than any of the alternatives.
House : That was incredibly condescending. Did it work?
Foreman : Why do you keep ducking your wife's calls?
UNK: Ex-wife.
Foreman : I'm sure she just wants to congratulate you
Foreman : about knocking up a 22-year-old nurse.
Taub : I haven't told her yet.
Foreman : But you have told her you're not gonna
Foreman : sleep with her anymore, right?
Foreman : How are you planning on letting her know?
Foreman : Just invite her to the bris?
Taub : I'm trying to let her down easy.
Taub : Rachel never wanted to have kids,
Cuddy : I don't want to hurt her feelings.
Foreman : Yeah, you are all about feelings.
Taub : I've loved Rachel for 20 years.
Taub : What if she never speaks to me again?
Foreman : She's gonna find out. It better be from you.
Foreman : You can't cheat your way out of this one.
Thirteen : What is it?
Afsoun : Just the nausea.
Luca : She said her back was hurting earlier.
Thirteen : What's the pain level on a scale of one to 10?
UNK: Five.
UNK: - We know we can't take her word for it. - We can't.
Thirteen : Fun, huh?
Thirteen : Roll on your side.
UNK: Grey-Turner's sign.
Thirteen : We're done playing.
Thirteen : Your pancreas is releasing corrosive enzymes.
Thirteen : It'll eat away at the surrounding organs.
Chase : But you must know that.
Chase : The doctor who diagnosed you would have said
Chase : what will happen if you don't get treatment.
UNK: Just tell them.
UNK: If you know what's wrong with you,
UNK: tell them so they can fix it.
Afsoun : How many projects have we done together?
Afsoun : You're always so worried.
Afsoun : Have you ever gone wrong trusting me?
Thirteen : That pancreatic cyst we drained, it's back.
Thirteen : And she doesn't care at all.
House : You think she actually is suicidal?
House : I would.
UNK: But how does she give herself the cysts?
Thirteen : Tox screen was negative, and there's no sign of trauma.
House : There is another explanation.
UNK: The reason that she didn't react isn't 'cause she wants to die.
House : It's 'cause she knows she can't do anything about it.
UNK: Whatever she has, it's fatal.
House : That should narrow it down.
Luca : What are we doing here?
House : Testing a theory.
House : It's based on some stuff you can't understand,
House : like RR variability.
House : And some stuff you can,
House : like the fact she shaved her head
House : in an art piece four months ago.
Luca : That was a commentary on society's...
House : It was a commentary on the fact
House : that it was gonna fall out anyway,
House : and she wanted to hide why.
UNK: Cancer?
Luca : Are you sure about that?
House : See that tumor-ish thingamajig near her brainamabob?
House : Are you getting this?
House : Game's over. I won.
House : Primary CNS lymphoma with associated paraneoplastic syndrome.
Luca : Is that really what it is?
UNK: Yes.
Afsoun : Four months ago, I had some vision and balance problems
Afsoun : and New York Mercy diagnosed me.
Afsoun : The tumor was too close to the brain stem to cut out,
Afsoun : so they did a few rounds of radiation.
Afsoun : But it didn't work, and they sent me home.
Luca : That was around the time you broke up with me.
Afsoun : We were having a fling. It wouldn't have been fair to involve you.
Luca : I'm involved now. You just didn't want to open up.
Afsoun : Luca, my mind was not clear then.
House : And then you cleared it.
House : You realized you could use your death to make your magnum opus.
House : Maybe you wanted to show that no one can cheat death,
UNK: even with an entire team of doctors with unlimited resources.
House : Or maybe your first doctors
House : didn't treat you like a person,
House : just a series of symptoms.
House : You wanted to recreate that depersonalization,
House : and I was the man to see.
Afsoun : If that was what I thought, I don't any longer.
Afsoun : You spent time with me,
Afsoun : you took this personally.
House : No, I didn't.
House : And I don't actually think your piece is about anything.