Foreman : How many of those have you had today?
House : I don't know. Is "your mother" a number?
Foreman : The patient is a fraud.
Foreman : I found a puncture in the dorsal vein of her left foot.
House : Shooting up heroin wouldn't explain...
Foreman : Not heroin,
Foreman : she was injecting herself with her own red blood cells.
Foreman : It caused her heart issues,
Foreman : and when her hematocrit evened out,
Foreman : we mistook it for internal bleeding.
UNK: That must've been a very distinctively shaped,
House : and awfully talkative puncture
House : for you to get all of that.
UNK: The browser history on her laptop helped.
Foreman : She was researching blood doping, among other things.
House : She was researching me?
Foreman : For months.
Foreman : This isn't about creating art in the moment.
Foreman : It's about you.
Foreman : She set you up.
Soltes : We sent a uni over to his apartment and the hospital.
Wilson : Yeah, he won't be there.
Soltes : Any ideas?
Wilson : When you find him, you're gonna arrest him?
Soltes : Is there some reason you think I shouldn't?
Wilson : Knowing him, he'll be in a bar.
Wilson : He'll find one that matches how he feels inside.
Wilson : It'll be the most dark, depressing hole
Wilson : you can find in New Jersey.
House : Now you're just pissing me off.
Luca : - I'm really sorry. - I didn't know she researched you,
Luca : - I had no idea she... - You don't know anything?
House : Then why are you talking?
UNK: Please, don't take it out on Luca.
House : I'll take it out on whoever I think will irritate you the most.
Afsoun : I thought you would understand someone
Afsoun : who uses their work to deal with pain.
House : I didn't realize that search engines could look within the soul.
Afsoun : You're standing in front of me in a hospital gown.
UNK: What the hell is the point of this?
House : What personal trauma are you exploiting...
House : Sorry. Mining for its artistic potential?
Afsoun : My illness.
Afsoun : I did the blood doping to intrigue you, but I was already ill.
Luca : Wait. You're really sick?
House : - Why me? - Do you know what you have?
UNK: Yes. So tell him.
Afsoun : If I do, there won't be any game for him.
Afsoun : And then, there won't be any art for us.
House : Why me?
Afsoun : I don't answer those questions.
House : You know, there's a lot of games I could play
House : that don't involve dealing with narcissistic, manipulative posers.
Afsoun : But this is a puzzle tailor-made for you.
Afsoun : You don't know which of my symptoms are real,
Afsoun : which are fake, which ones I'm not even telling you about.
Afsoun : I know that intrigues you.
Afsoun : Do you really want to end it now?
UNK: No.
Chase : You want us to waste a bed on her?
House : You took an oath,
House : an oath to be cool.
House : At least that was the one I mumbled under my breath
House : while everyone else was doing the boring one.
Foreman : Even if she is sick, which I don't believe,
Foreman : she also says she has a diagnosis.
Foreman : So, it's either just a lie or it's just a game.
House : So what? I like the game, it's fun.
House : Go get a blood culture. Check for parasites and bacteria.
Thirteen : This is the new House?
Foreman : Half the leg power, twice the irresponsibility?
House : The new House is about making my life healthier.
UNK: I never said anything about yours.
House : Go get her blood.