Foreman : How do we know she's actually sick?
House : Her being sick is a clue.
Foreman : She would have let that guy set her on fire for the sake of her work.
Foreman : You think she's scared of a little arrhythmia?
Foreman : She probably huffed paint thinner.
Foreman : She would have let him set her on fire
Thirteen : because of the honesty of her work.
Thirteen : Faking an illness doesn't fit. Thirteen's right.
House : At least her conclusion was.
House : Everything else was laughably wrong.
House : If the patient induced pancreatitis
House : and a heart attack, she'd be suicidal.
Chase : Exactly. She's risking her life all the time.
UNK: Exactly. If she wanted to be dead,
House : she'd be dead a long time ago.
House : Pretending to cheat death pays better than watercolors.
House : Coxsackie B fits. But do a spiral CT
House : of her biliary tree to rule out gallstones.
Foreman : Fine. I'll get the CT.
House : Sure, I'd be happy to come with you.
House : Thanks for asking.
Foreman : You're supposed to stay in bed. Doctor's orders.
House : If you really cared about me,
House : you wouldn't be so obvious when you scheme to prove me wrong.
House : You volunteered because you want to CT her lungs,
House : not her biliary tree.
House : You want to find fibrosis and prove your paint thinner theory.
House : If I don't come with, when you fail,
House : you'll pretend you never tried.
House : I don't really have a choice now, do I?
UNK: Since I've seen your pay check, I probably shouldn't...
UNK: But canned beans aren't so bad.
UNK: Once they're cooked over an oil drum fire
House : under a bridge with the king of the hobos...
Foreman : Pale, diaphoretic, tachycardic.
Foreman : BP 80 over 40.
Foreman : Internal bleeding?
House : Get her out of here and scope her.
Jerry : - I'm sorry.
Chase : The colonoscopy didn't find the bleed,
UNK: so we gotta look by your liver.
Afsoun : Luca, please. We need to document everything.
Foreman : Hold this.
Foreman : I'm just below the celiac artery.
Foreman : No blood.
Chase : Could it be leaking into her thighs?
Foreman : No swelling, no asymmetry...
Chase : So where's the blood going?
Chase : Why are you looking down there?
UNK: Because I don't like beans.
Cuddy : You stood me up. Sorry.
UNK: I should have scheduled my patient's internal bleeding for Thursday.