UNK: Captain Fowler : Thank you for coming, Detective.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
UNK: What I am about to tell you cannot leave this room.
Beckett : Yeah. Understood, sir.
Fowler : These six victims had their throats cut.
Fowler : They were mid to upper-level drug dealers.
Fowler : Two were teenagers.
Fowler : They were all murdered in the past few months
Fowler : when a new drug ring muscled in
Fowler : and took over most of the uptown heroin and cocaine trade.
Fowler : A new drug ring?
UNK: Well, who are they?
Fowler : The commissioner asked me to find that out and shut them down.
Fowler : But they're invisible, these guys.
Fowler : They don't use banks, so we can't follow the money.
Fowler : They make sure their street dealers never meet their suppliers.
UNK: So when you bust a dealer, he doesn't know who he's working for.
Fowler : Exactly. So, three months in and we have nothing.
Fowler : We don't even know any of their names.
Fowler : Except for Lazarus.
Beckett : - And who is Lazarus? - The leader.
Fowler : Not his real name, of course.
UNK: Then yesterday, a phone intercept led us to this woman.
Fowler : Elena Markov.
Fowler : She copped to being a low-level drug courier in the ring.
Fowler : Born in Russia, she came here as a mail-order bride,
Fowler : divorced her husband,
Fowler : she learned to speak English better than we do
Fowler : and was getting by as a freelance translator.
Fowler : She'd never been in trouble before.
UNK: At least, not till now.
ELENA : I needed work and I heard about a way to make money.
UNK: Elena Markov on Video : All I had to do was call a number, so I did.
UNK: Elena Markov on Video : Once I got in, I couldn't get out.
FOWLER : Who was your contact in the ring?
UNK: Elena on Video : I didn't have one.
UNK: Elena on Video : I would get a text with a time and a place.
UNK: Elena on Video : And I'd get a package with a note hidden inside
UNK: Elena on Video : that would tell me where to take it.
UNK: Fowler on Video : Did you ever, um, see anyone? Did you ever interact with anyone?
UNK: Elena on Video : Everything was anonymous.
UNK: Elena on Video : I don't know them, they don't know me.
UNK: Elena on Video : It needs to stay that way.
UNK: I just wanna get my life back.
UNK: It looked like another dead-end.
Fowler : Then, this morning, Elena got another text from the ring.
Fowler : This time, they wanted to meet her to offer her a promotion.
Beckett : Which would give you guys the chance to get eyes on someone.
Fowler : It's the break we've been waiting for.
Fowler : So, we leveraged Elena to take the meet,
Fowler : but she tried to commit suicide.
Gates : She's in intensive care under police guard.
Beckett : Sir, I'm sorry to hear about that,
Beckett : but what does this all have to do with me?
UNK: The meeting is set for 5 : 00 today
Fowler : and a chance like this is not gonna come back around.
Fowler : So we combed the NYPD database
Fowler : for someone about Elena's age and appearance,
Fowler : who speaks fluent Russian,
Fowler : in case that's relevant.
Fowler : Only one name came up.
UNK: Yours.
Beckett : You want me to go in her place?
Fowler : To the Widmark.
Fowler : Show up, meet your contact and leave.
Fowler : In and out.
Beckett : What if they found out that you turned Elena
UNK: and that this is all a trap?
Fowler : Then they wouldn't be meeting at the Widmark Hotel.
Fowler : We were very careful.
Fowler : No one knows she's made contact with us.
UNK: Still, there's the risk that they could see Detective Beckett
Gates : and realize that she's not Elena.
Fowler : In the text, they asked Elena to wear a red scarf.
Fowler : Which tells us that they don't know her on sight.
Fowler : My people will be in place watching every move you make.
Fowler : We can even fit you with a monitored mic if you like.
Fowler : Detective, something big is going on out there
Fowler : and this is our best chance to find out what.
Fowler : But the meeting is in two hours.
Fowler : So, I need your answer.
UNK: GUNFIRE ON COMPUTER
UNK: CELL PHONE RINGS
UNK: MAN ON COMPUTER : Reinforcements...
UNK: Castle.
Beckett : Wow, you sound like you are getting a lot of writing done.
Castle : I blame you for that.
Castle : When are you coming back?
UNK: Uh, I don't know, a couple of hours. I have a meeting.
Beckett : Don't ask me what it is.
UNK: Well, now I have to ask.
UNK: Look, I have to get going, I should be back in time for dinner.
Beckett : Maybe we can have a glass of wine together.
Castle : I will decant something amazing.
UNK: Okay. I love you, bye.
Gates : I have to tell you, I don't care
Gates : for Captain Fowler's hard-sell tactics.
Gates : This is a narcotics operation. It's not your problem.
UNK: So, you can walk away and I'll take the heat.