Jones : How does that strike you?
Beckett : It's very generous.
UNK: But I'm gonna need to meet Lazarus.
Jones : That's not an option.
Beckett : I need to know who I'm doing business with.
Beckett : It's a matter of trust.
JONES : All right.
Jones : I'll pass along the request.
Jones : But you'll remain our guest here until I get an answer.
UNK: Please see Miss Markov to a bedroom.
Harden : Sir, can I have a word, please?
UNK: Sure. Would you excuse me, please?
UNK: Yes.
UNK: SIGHS
Jones : What's the problem?
Harden : She's the problem. She's all wrong.
UNK: TELEPHONE RINGS
UNK: RINGING CONTINUES
HARDEN : I've been watching her.
Harden : She acted like she didn't know why she was here.
UNK: RINGING CONTINUES
Martha : - Esposito. - BECKETT : Javi.
Beckett : Javi, it's me.
Esposito : Beckett, where are you? We've got half the force looking for you.
UNK: Hey!
UNK: No, listen, get a trace on this phone, get eyes on me.
Beckett : I don't know where I am or who the hell Elena Markov is,
Beckett : but her story is a lie.
UNK: She's more than just a low-level courier.
Jones : You never like it when we bring new people in.
Jones : Especially above you.
Harden : That's not what it is. Not this time, okay?
Harden : She was afraid.
Jones : All right, you keep an eye on her.
Jones : If she is wrong, then you get to do the honors, okay?
Harden : Let's go.
GATES : Are you telling me that we can't trace Beckett's call?
UNK: It's a voice-over-Internet line fed through an anonymizer.
UNK: Okay.
Gates : Can we at least narrow it down to the area where the call was made?
UNK: No. It was routed through the Ukraine, bounced all over Europe.
Esposito : These guys know security.
Gates : Captain, why did Beckett tell us
Gates : that Elena Markov was more than just a courier?
Fowler : I have no idea.
Gates : So, there's nothing about her that you haven't told us?
Fowler : Absolutely not. Every part of her story checked out.
Castle : - But... - But what?
Fowler : We didn't have enough time to go deep.
Fowler : Not with things moving this fast.
Fowler : We didn't even know Miss Markov until yesterday.
Gates : Well, maybe you didn't know her at all.
UNK: Looks like we can fix that. Hospital just called, she's conscious.
Gates : Go talk to her, get to the bottom of this.
Fowler : I'll go with you. She knows me.
UNK: Hey. PANTING
Castle : You guys have not been returning my calls.
Castle : Where's Beckett?
Gates : Mr. Castle, why don't you come into my office.
UNK: INDISTINCT TALKING IN THE DISTANCE
UNK: VEHICLE APPROACHES
UNK: Quickly.
Castle : Do we have any idea where she is?
Gates : Traffic cam footage caught a white van
UNK: headed away from the Widmark right when she was abducted.
Gates : We think she was in it and we're trying to track it down.
Gates : There are reasons for hope here.
Castle : I'd love to hear them.
Gates : First of all, they didn't make her as a cop,
Gates : they think she's Elena Markov,
Gates : which buys us time.
Castle : She's pretending to be Elena when she doesn't know who Elena is?
Castle : She can't keep that up forever.
Gates : Well, hopefully she won't have to.
Gates : Once Elena tells us everything that she knows about this,
Gates : it could lead us to Beckett.
UNK: Miss Markov regained consciousness about an hour ago.
UNK: Doctor Bailey : She's stable, so we transferred her out of ICU.
Ryan : Has she said anything yet?