Harden : I love these woods.
UNK: You know, my dad used to take me
Harden : hunting up here when I was a kid.
Harden : I spent days learning every rock, every tree...
Harden : All the secret little places to hide.
Harden : Over the years, it's come in handy.
UNK: You know, I had you made
Harden : from the moment you walked through the door.
Harden : I could see it in your eyes. I thought,
UNK: "No way this woman is a killer."
UNK: No.
Beckett : You don't want to kill me, Harden. You know I'm a cop.
UNK: Yeah, I've killed cops before.
Harden : In fact, a few of them are your new neighbors.
Beckett : My people will hunt you down. They will kill you.
Beckett : But we can make a deal.
Beckett : You help me take down Lazarus, you can set any deal you want.
UNK: No, I'm good with the deal I got. Thank you.
UNK: BRANCH SNAPS
UNK: GASPS
UNK: Elena?
UNK: You got balls. I'll give you that.
UNK: You're not gonna kill me?
Elena : He sent me because he owed you. He said he wanted you to live.
Beckett : Who sent you?
Beckett : Who wanted me to live?
UNK: Lazarus.
FOWLER : Tactical teams raided the compound at 0600 this morning,
Fowler : shortly after your call.
Fowler : The place was empty. Everything's gone.
GATES : The mansion itself is held in a trust by an offshore corporation.
Gates : It'll be months before we find out who the real owners are.
FOWLER : If ever.
Castle : And what about Vulcan Simmons?
FOWLER : My team picked him up this morning in Washington Heights.
Fowler : Nowhere near the compound.
GATES : They've been questioning him all morning.
Beckett : He had an alibi for last night.
FOWLER : We'll go after him, but without evidence,
Fowler : it'll be difficult to make any of your allegations stick.
Castle : Are you saying we have nothing?
UNK: FOWLER SIGHS
Beckett : No, not nothing.
UNK: "Future Forward"?
Beckett : Yeah, part of the money laundering operation,
Beckett : whatever it was,
Beckett : they're funneling a lot of cash into that account.
Castle : See what happens when I leave you alone?
Beckett : Babe, I wasn't alone.
Beckett : When they were interrogating me,
Beckett : the only thing that kept me going was thinking about you.
Beckett : About our future, the wedding.
Beckett : You were with me the whole time.
Castle : Well, at least it's not a total loss.
Castle : Now that the police know that Vulcan Simmons is Lazarus,
Castle : they'll be watching him.
Castle : He will not be able to rebuild his operation.
Beckett : He's not Lazarus.
Beckett : If he was, then I would be dead.
Beckett : Vulcan Simmons is just a figurehead.
Beckett : Someone else is behind this, someone higher up,
Beckett : someone who wanted me alive.
UNK: Who?
UNK: It's someone bigger.
GATES : This can't be right. ESPOSITO : I'm afraid it is, sir.
FOWLER : You're saying that's what "Future Forward" is?
Fowler : A political super PAC, that's where the money was going?
Ryan : Yeah, and that's the connection to
Ryan : Evan Potter, our would-be victim.
ESPOSITO : Potter did all the legal work to establish
Esposito : the super PAC for a client of his,
Esposito : a wealthy hedge fund manager with significant political connections
Esposito : named Jason Kochler.
RYAN : It would appear as if drug money
Ryan : were being funneled into Future Forward's accounts.
ESPOSITO : Nearly $160 million in the past several months.
Ryan : It was then legally laundered passing
Ryan : through an anonymous shell corp
Ryan : and a second secret super PAC.
UNK: What do you mean "legally laundered"? Where's that money now?
Esposito : It's gone. Federal tax and banking laws
UNK: that regulate these kind of super PACs
UNK: make it impossible for us to find out
Esposito : where that money actually came from or went.
CASTLE : Someone must be able to tell us.
Ryan : - Evan Potter. - ESPOSITO : No.
Esposito : He just set up the PAC for Kochler. He didn't run it.
GATES : Then we need to bring Jason Kochler in here.
RYAN : We can't.
Ryan : He died of a heart attack this morning.
Beckett : That's why you couldn't find the money.
Beckett : Someone's using it to build a massive political war chest.
FOWLER : But who?
Esposito : It's impossible to know.
UNK: SENATOR BRACKEN : Those of you who know me
UNK: know that I've gotten where I am today
UNK: Senator Bracken on Video : by doing whatever it takes to get the job done.
UNK: Senator Bracken on Video : That is the kind of leadership this country needs,
UNK: Senator Bracken on Video : and that is why I am forming an exploratory committee
UNK: Senator Bracken on Video : for a run for the presidency of the United States.
UNK: CHEERS AND APPLAUSE
REPORTER : Senator Bracken, an early frontrunner,
UNK: Reporter on Video : is rumored to have significant funding
UNK: Reporter on Video : already lined up from major contributors.
Beckett : Hiding behind Vulcan Simmons, funding his campaign with dirty money,
Beckett : killing whoever gets in his way, just like he did with my mom.
Jones : It's him.
Beckett : And we have no way of proving it.
Castle : Maybe the feds will find something.
Beckett : No. Bracken is so well insulated, it's genius, actually.
Beckett : He has all the campaign funds that he needs
Beckett : without having to compromise
Beckett : or be beholden to any special interest groups.
Castle : But if it really was him,
Castle : why wouldn't he just let you die in the woods?
Castle : Why would he send Elena to save you?
Beckett : Because when I stopped the assassination last year,
Beckett : I saved him
Beckett : and he told me that he owed me.
Beckett : And now, we're even.
Beckett : So, the next time that we see each other...
Castle : Come to bed.