UNK: Evan Potter : Who in the hell are you?
UNK: SILENCED GUNSHOTS
UNK: DOG BARKING
Beckett : It's done.
Harden : Show me.
UNK: What?
Beckett : No, we don't have time for this.
Harden : I said, show me.
UNK: Now.
UNK: BARKING CONTINUES
Beckett : Like I said.
Beckett : I'm done auditioning.
Beckett : You tell Lazarus, he wants to play games, then this deal's off.
Harden : Yeah, we should get back.
Ryan : Just got off with hospital security again.
Ryan : Building's locked down, we got teams going through,
Ryan : but there's no sign of Elena.
Castle : We still have no idea who this woman really is.
Fowler : I'm afraid we do.
Fowler : Security video shows her leaving her room alone.
Fowler : And the officer's throat was cut in the same exact manner
Fowler : as the murdered drug dealers.
UNK: Same angle, same left-handed stroke, favoring the carotid.
GATES : That's what those text messages meant,
Gates : about packages being delivered.
Gates : She wasn't a courier for the ring.
Esposito : She was their contract killer.
Castle : A contract killer.
Castle : That's who Beckett is out there impersonating and you didn't know?
Gates : Mr. Castle...
Castle : And now, this woman is out there somewhere.
Castle : Do you have any idea what's gonna happen to Beckett
Castle : when the real Elena shows up?
Fowler : We're doing everything we can.
Castle : Well, it's not enough.
Esposito : - Hey, come on, man. - CELL PHONE RINGS
Gates : This is Gates.
UNK: What?
UNK: Where?
POTTER : She told me to get down on the floor
Potter : and then she said she was a cop.
Potter : And that if I wanted to live,
Potter : I had to do exactly what she said.
Potter : And then she went to the kitchen and she came back
UNK: with ketchup and beet juice,
Potter : and she told me to lie as still as possible
UNK: and to hold my breath.
GATES : Mr. Potter,
Gates : did she say anything else about where she was?
Gates : Where they were keeping her?
Potter : Yeah, she said it was some kind of a compound.
Potter : She didn't know where,
Potter : but that she would try to get a message out soon.
Ryan : At least we know she's still alive.
FOWLER : This guy who was with her,
Fowler : - did you see his face? - No.
Potter : I had my head down.
Fowler : Do you have any idea why members
Fowler : of a drug ring would want you dead?
Potter : No, that's not my world.
Gates : You're an attorney at Tyre, Potter and Langston.
Gates : What kind of law do you practice?
UNK: It's mostly corporate.
Potter : Trust administration.
UNK: Did you do any criminal law?
Potter : No, none.
Castle : I hate this.
Castle : She's out there somewhere, has no idea how much danger she's in,
Castle : and I can't help her.
Esposito : No. You can't.
Esposito : But this is Beckett we're talking about.
UNK: She might be your fiancee, but she's also a damn good cop,
Esposito : so don't sell her short.
Esposito : She'll figure out a way to let us know what's going on.
Esposito : And when she does, we'll get her out.
UNK: And what if it's not in time?
Jones : So, how did it go?
Beckett : The package was delivered, without any issues.
UNK: Good.
Jones : Clean yourself up.
Jones : Lazarus wants to see you.
Esposito : Come on.
UNK: SIGHS