UNK: Doctor Bailey : Just that she's glad to be alive.
Fowler : So she's lucid?
UNK: Doctor Bailey : Yes. But she's also extremely weak from her ordeal,
UNK: Doctor Bailey : so, please, I'd ask that you limit
UNK: Doctor Bailey : your time with her as much as possible.
UNK: We need answers, so we're gonna
Esposito : question her as long as it takes.
UNK: The room is just up here, 3410.
RYAN : I thought you had an officer guarding her.
Fowler : We do. He must be inside with her.
ESPOSITO : Elena Markov...
UNK: Son of a bitch!
Esposito : We have an officer down.
Esposito : Officer down!
Ryan : Elena's gone.
UNK: Either she killed them and fled...
Ryan : Or someone else did and they grabbed her.
Ryan : They took Elena.
UNK: That means Beckett's cover's blown.
UNK: She's as good as dead.
BECKETT : Dear Rick,
UNK: Beckett voiceover : I don't know how much time I have, even to write this letter.
UNK: Beckett voiceover : What I do know now is that I'm in this.
UNK: And the only way I'm gonna make it
UNK: Beckett voiceover : out alive is to see this through.
UNK: Beckett voiceover : I'm sure everyone is looking for me
UNK: Beckett voiceover : and if they figure out I was here,
UNK: CSU is gonna search this house.
UNK: They're gonna look for blood, and they will find it.
UNK: Beckett voiceover : Which will lead them to this letter.
UNK: Babe, it's your letter.
UNK: And I hope you never have to read this,
UNK: that I can tell you all of these things in person.
UNK: But if something happens, and I don't make it,
UNK: I need you to know that our partnership,
UNK: our relationship,
UNK: is the greatest thing that has ever happened to me.
UNK: You're an amazing man, and I love you with all of my heart.
Harden : Mr. Jones wants a word.
Harden : Let's go.
UNK: SIGHS
JONES : I've got surprising news.
Jones : Lazarus agreed to meet with you if you agree to an assignment.
Beckett : What assignment?
Jones : You complete the assignment, you get the meeting.
Jones : Take it or leave it.
UNK: Deal.
Beckett : What do I have to do?
Jones : What you do best.
Jones : Kill him.
Jones : And make it clean.
HARDEN : We're here.
Beckett : Where's here?
Harden : All you need to know is that the target's in that house.
Beckett : - Is he alone? - Yeah, as far as I know.
Harden : Use this.
Harden : Lazarus doesn't want it to be
Harden : connected to your other kills.
UNK: GUN CLICKS
UNK: Well, he's gotta be important. Who is he?
Harden : He's the next name on the list.
Beckett : What does he do?
UNK: Now, why are you so curious, all of a sudden?
UNK: You ever hear of recon?
Beckett : I like to know what I'm walking into.
Beckett : Is he a cop?
Beckett : Is he a drug dealer? Are there guns in the house?
Beckett : Curiosity keeps me alive.
Harden : Guy's a civilian, a nobody.
Beckett : If he's a nobody, then why are we killing him?
Harden : Because they told us to.
UNK: Look, is there a problem here?
Beckett : Yeah, there's a problem. I don't work like this.
Beckett : I do my homework, I control the variables, and this is sloppy.
Harden : You know, maybe Lazarus wanted to see how well you improvise.
UNK: I don't know, maybe I do, too.
UNK: Now...
UNK: Are you gonna kill him or what?
UNK: GUN COCKS
UNK: MAN SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY ON TELEVISION