Esposito : It's empty.
Beckett : Check for the phone.
Castle : It's been moved.
Beckett : You inside, drop your weapon!
Beckett : There's a hole in the floor!
Beckett : You guys, he's below us. Let's go!
UNK: Hey!
UNK: Noah Lewis, 52. Did a stint in the Army back in the '90s.
UNK: Has no recent record of employment.
Esposito : He told the neighbors that his mother was bedridden
Esposito : and that he was taking care of her.
Beckett : So they just assumed that he was the good son.
Esposito : Yeah, but the relationship was far from rosy.
Esposito : Four years ago, his mother had him
Esposito : committed to a state mental institution
Castle : after he threatened her with a knife.
Esposito : So, I got in touch with the state-appointed shrink
UNK: who's treating him.
Esposito : He says that Noah has borderline personality disorder
Esposito : and exhibited violent tendencies.
Castle : So it's him. Any record of where he was 30 years ago?
Esposito : We're a little bit more focused on where he is now.
Esposito : We have teams still combing the neighborhood.
Esposito : Put out a BOLO, but so far, nothing.
Ryan : Your theory about the killer's MO may have just paid off.
Beckett : You found something?
Ryan : Yeah, from February of '83.
Ryan : The day after you saw that body,
Ryan : police ticketed an abandoned pickup truck
Ryan : they saw by the roadside, near Hollander's Woods.
Ryan : The truck belonged to a farmer,
UNK: who'd loaned it to a young woman, a migrant worker,
Ryan : to go out and make a supply run.
Ryan : When the cops told the farmer that they'd found his truck,
Ryan : he assumed that she'd just run off.
Castle : So he never reported her missing.
Ryan : No. He didn't want to get her in trouble with immigration.
Castle : Did he remember who she was?
UNK: Yeah, and he had a photo.
Castle : What was her name?
UNK: Rosalita Campo.
Esposito : We'll dig deeper into Noah, see if we can connect him to that area 30 years ago.
Beckett : We'll find him, Castle. I promise.
Beckett : I'm supposed to head off to my review. Do you want me to postpone?
UNK: Uh, no, I should go with you.
UNK: I'll be all right. I'll call you when I'm done, okay?
UNK: Okay. All right, bye.
UNK: Bye.