UNK: God!
UNK: Are you okay? You okay?
UNK: Yeah.
Newscaster : Still more gruesome discoveries
Newscaster : and many more questions
Newscaster : at the rural property of noted psychologist Van Holtzman,
Newscaster : as authorities continue to find
Newscaster : the buried bodies of his victims.
Beckett : I thought you were practicing your speech for tonight.
Castle : Oh, yeah, I was. I just, um...
Castle : I couldn't help but wonder.
Castle : If it wasn't for him, for that day in the woods,
Castle : would I even be here? Would we be here?
Beckett : Babe, we're not here because of him.
Beckett : We're here because of who we are
Beckett : in the face of people like him.
Beckett : That's why you write mysteries. That's why I became a cop.
Beckett : We're both trying to bring justice to this world.
UNK: Now,
UNK: I'm gonna go and get dressed
Beckett : so I can be very proud tonight of who you are.
UNK: Michael Connelly : Murder, mystery, the macabre.
UNK: Michael Connelly : Tonight's honoree has mastered them all.
Castle : For years he's kept his readers under
UNK: Michael Connelly : his spell with his electrifying prose.
UNK: Michael Connelly : I'm very proud to present this year's recipient
UNK: Michael Connelly : of the Poe's Pen Career Achievement Award,
UNK: Michael Connelly : my good friend, Richard Castle.
Castle : Michael Connelly, ladies and gentlemen.
Castle : Thank you very much, Michael.
UNK: And, um, my thanks to all of you for this honor.
Castle : You know, I've spent a lot of time the last few days
Castle : thinking about how I got here.
Castle : The long hours. The blank pages.
Castle : Most people think that writing is a solitary profession,
Castle : that we spend our days in our imaginary worlds,
Castle : fighting, loving, dying.
Castle : But we don't do it alone.
Castle : Because anything that's good in our writing comes from truth.
Castle : And the truth is,
Castle : I'm here because of the people in my life.
UNK: Mother,
Castle : you will always be a star in my eyes.
Castle : And, Alexis, you amaze me every day.
Castle : You two are my redheaded pillars of unconditional love.
Castle : To my friends at the 12th Precinct,
Castle : you let me in.
UNK: Especially, you two, Javier, Kevin.
UNK: You made me your brother-in-arms, and I thank you for that.
Castle : And, Kate.
Castle : Seven years ago, I thought I would never write again,
Castle : and then you walked through the door,
Castle : and my whole world changed.
Castle : You were right. You said I had no idea.
Castle : But now I do.
Castle : This is because of you.
Castle : Because of us.
UNK: Always.
Martha : That was a lovely speech, darling.
UNK: Oh, well, I was inspired.
UNK: Castle, who's gonna be your inspiration if Beckett becomes state senator?
Lanie : Yeah. You won't be able to follow her around anymore.
Castle : Oh, I don't know. Maybe I'll write a political thriller next.
UNK: Jenny Ryan : Ooh, I would so read that.
Alexis : Beckett, if you do run, I'll help with your campaign.
Kaufman : Thank you.
Gates : It's a pretty big step, Kate.
Gates : Have you decided what you're going to do?
Beckett : Not yet. But whatever it is, I'm looking forward to the adventure.
UNK: One thing's for sure. Things are gonna change.
Castle : Well, I know one thing that'll never change.
Castle : What we all have.
Castle : A toast. To us.
Castle : To us!
UNK: Cheers.
Beckett : It's the precinct. There's been a murder.
Beckett : - What? - Oh.