UNK: Hey. Hey.
Alexis : Are you busy? I can...
Castle : No, I was just, um,
Castle : reading something I wrote a long time ago.
Alexis : Dad, how old were you when you knew?
Castle : Knew what?
Alexis : That you wanted to be a writer.
Castle : Since I was a kid, I guess. Why?
Alexis : I'm finishing my junior year,
Alexis : and I have no idea what I want to do.
Alexis : By the time you were my age, you'd already published your first book
Alexis : and now you're winning this amazing award
Alexis : because you followed your passion.
Alexis : How can I be amazing if I can't find mine?
Castle : Trust me, you will. Or...
Castle : Or it'll find you.
Castle : And one day you will look back and you will realize
Castle : that every experience you've ever had,
Castle : every seeming mistake or blind alley,
Castle : was actually a straight line
Castle : to who you were meant to be.
Castle : And whatever you become, there is no question in my mind,
Castle : you are going to be amazing.
Castle : And you know how I know?
UNK: How?
Castle : 'Cause you already are.
UNK: Administrative Aide : They're ready for you, Detective.
Ryan : Take a seat.
Kaufman : So, Detective Beckett.
Kaufman : Says here you took the captain's exam.
Beckett : Yes, sir.
Kaufman : What makes you think you're qualified to be Captain?
Beckett : My experience in the 12th Precinct
Beckett : has made me comfortable in a leadership position, and at this point...
Kaufman : What I mean is,
Kaufman : what makes you think you're even
Kaufman : qualified to be an NYPD detective?
UNK: Sir?
Kaufman : Your job is to enforce the law.
Kaufman : Yet you have repeatedly ignored it.
Kaufman : In Los Angeles, you investigated a case
UNK: outside of your legal jurisdiction.
UNK: But... You used your badge
Kaufman : to pursue a personal vendetta against Senator Bracken,
UNK: crossing the line and endangering
Kaufman : the lives of others numerous times.
Beckett : Sir, that man was a murderer...
UNK: You have withheld case information from superiors
Kaufman : and flown in the face of authority whenever it suits you.
Kaufman : Not to mention your working relationship with Richard Castle.
Kaufman : Tell me, Detective,
Kaufman : how often have you let your personal feelings for your husband
Kaufman : dictate your actions in pursuit of a suspect?
Beckett : Sir, that is unfair. I never let...
UNK: And when he went missing, you used your position
Kaufman : and a great deal of the taxpayers' money to search for him,
Kaufman : enlisting the aid of fellow detectives.
Kaufman : And, well, you are infamous
Kaufman : for being the inspiration for the fictional NYPD detective Nikki Heat,
Kaufman : who spends more time on her back
Kaufman : than she does pursuing killers.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : Detective Beckett, how do you expect to lead,
Kaufman : or even continue in your current job,
Kaufman : when it's clear you've exercised such poor judgment?
UNK: Sir, if you would look at my record...
Kaufman : We are looking at your record.
Kaufman : You are not qualified for a captaincy,
Kaufman : and, in my opinion, you are not qualified to be a detective.
Kaufman : Thank you. You can go.
Beckett : You're wrong, sir.
UNK: Trooper Collins : Excuse me?
Beckett : I said, you're wrong.
Beckett : In every case you have referenced,
Beckett : I have not only successfully brought the killer to justice,
UNK: but I did so with the utmost respect for the law
Beckett : and for the department I represent.
Beckett : And regarding my relationship with Mr. Castle,
Beckett : he has proven to be a brilliant partner
Beckett : and he's always had my back.
Beckett : And as for his fictional representation of me,
Beckett : I'm proud to have been his inspiration, and I am proud to be his wife.
Beckett : You asked, how do I expect to lead?
Beckett : By continuing to fight for what's right, not for what's easy.
Beckett : My job is to protect the citizens of New York
Beckett : and I will do it by doing my job better
Beckett : than anyone else and getting results.
Beckett : I don't cross the line, I put myself on it.
Beckett : And if you have any other questions,
Beckett : then you can ask the families of the victims that I have served.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : Detective Beckett.
UNK: Paul Gibney : Sit down.
Gibney : That was an impassioned and powerful response.
Gibney : In fact, it was exactly what we were hoping for.
Kaufman : This wasn't a performance review.
Beckett : Then, why would you attack me like that?
Kaufman : We wanted to see if you could defend yourself.
Kaufman : Kate, this was an audition.
Beckett : For what?
Gibney : Your future.
Gibney : We've been looking for someone like you.
Gibney : Someone who isn't corruptible.
Gibney : A certifiable hero, who the people can get behind.
Gibney : Kate, you're bigger than what you're doing now, you know it.
Gibney : It's why you went to DC, why you took the captain's exam.
Gibney : You want a bigger stage, and we want to give it to you.
Gibney : We think you have an amazing future.
Beckett : Doing what?
Kaufman : We'd like you to run for New York State Senate.
Castle : State senator?
Beckett : And they say it's just the start.
Beckett : Apparently, the party has had their eye on me for a while now.
Beckett : They think that people are looking for someone like me.
Castle : And what do you think?
Beckett : I don't know, Castle.
UNK: I'm a cop, not a politician.
UNK: Did I ever tell you that I was in Model UN when I was a kid?
Beckett : My mom was one of the chaperones.
Beckett : And after watching me, she said,
UNK: "You know, Katie, you can grow up and be anything you want."
UNK: I just wanted to be her. Just wanted to make a difference.
Castle : And you have.
UNK: The question now is, can you make a bigger difference?
UNK: Castle, if you saw the way
Beckett : that they attacked me in that room...
Beckett : And in a campaign it would only be worse.
Beckett : You, Alexis, my dad, Martha, you guys would all be fair game.
Castle : We're a tough bunch.
Beckett : So you think I could do it?
Castle : I know you can.
Beckett : They said that I aced my captain's exam.
Beckett : I could probably have my own precinct within the year.
Castle : When do you have to decide?
UNK: Soon.
Castle : Well, whatever you decide, I will back your play.
Kaufman : Thank you.
UNK: Beckett. That matchbook lead paid off.
Esposito : The unit that we put on that bar
Esposito : spotted Noah Lewis heading inside.
Esposito : ESU just took him down.
Beckett : They found him.
Noah : Where's my mother?
Beckett : Being autopsied.
Noah : I warned her,
Noah : but she wouldn't stop running her mouth at me.
Noah : Now she doesn't say a word.
Noah : It's what she deserved.
UNK: And what about the others? Did they deserve what they got?
Castle : We know what you've done, Noah. Who you really are.
Beckett : Tell us about Emma Malloy.
Noah : I'm not good with names.
Castle : You know her.
Beckett : Where were you the night before last?
UNK: Out. Out where?
Beckett : Neighbors said your car was gone.
Noah : I took a drive.
Beckett : Did you drive to the woods?
UNK: And what about this girl? Zoey Addison?
Castle : She was seen getting into your car, Noah. Now, she's gone.
Noah : Mmm. She's pretty.
Castle : Is she dead?