Esposito : Registered as Jane Smith. Not her real name, I'm guessing.
Beckett : So we still don't know who she is.
Beckett : Did she have a car when she checked in?
UNK: No. Cab dropped her off.
Beckett : Which means someone took her to those woods.
Castle : How long has she been staying here?
Esposito : About two weeks.
Beckett : Espo, check the drawers.
Beckett : See if we can find anything to ID our victim.
UNK: Beckett.
Beckett : Photos, all of the same woman.
Castle : And look at this.
Beckett : License plate numbers. Hundreds of them.
Castle : Along with the registered address of each vehicle.
Beckett : Why would she have that?
UNK: Look at the plate numbers.
Beckett : Each one has the letters "X" and "Z" in it.
Beckett : Our victim's looking for someone specific.
Castle : Yeah. But who?
Esposito : I think I know someone we can ask.
UNK: Frank Malloy : I knew something bad would happen to Emma.
UNK: Frank Malloy : I was trying to find her, to stop her.
Beckett : Mr. Malloy, what was your daughter doing in the city?
Frank : Two months ago, a friend of hers disappeared.
Frank : Emma was trying to find her.
UNK: Wait. Was this her friend?
Frank : Yeah, Zoey Addison.
Castle : And what exactly do you mean by she "disappeared"?
Frank : Zoey had a boyfriend that was beating on her.
Frank : So she took his car and was on her way to stay with Emma,
Frank : but she never showed.
Frank : A couple days later, the cops found
Frank : the car by the side of the road
Frank : with a busted radiator,
Frank : but no sign of Zoey.
Beckett : Did they talk to the boyfriend?
UNK: Oh, yeah, but he was two states away with an alibi.
Frank : He reported the car stolen,
Frank : so the cops just figured that Zoey was on the run
Frank : and ditched it for another ride.
Frank : But Emma knew that Zoey wouldn't do that.
Frank : Not without calling.
Frank : So Emma took a leave from her cashier's job
Frank : to try to find her, retracing her route.
UNK: Em found a waitress at a truck stop
UNK: who saw Zoey get in the back of a white sedan.
Beckett : With New York plates containing the letters "X" and "Z"?
Frank : Yeah. The waitress told Emma
Frank : it had an oval sticker in its back window that said "NYC."
Beckett : That's what she was doing in the city.
Beckett : She was trying to track the car Zoey got into.
UNK: Mr. Malloy, do these woods mean anything to you?
Beckett : Is there any reason that Emma would be in them?
Castle : Were they on Zoey's route, maybe?
Castle : Somewhere near where she disappeared?
Frank : No, Zoey was coming from Pittsburgh. The opposite direction.
Castle : And all this time, no one's heard anything from her?
Frank : Zoey didn't have family.
UNK: Hell, if it wasn't for Emma,
UNK: no one would've even known that she'd disappeared.
Castle : That's why I could never
Castle : find the girl I saw in the woods.
Castle : He targets people who won't be missed.
Castle : Hitchhikers, stranded motorists.
Castle : He asks them a couple of questions. If they fit the profile,
Castle : he kills them.
Castle : And if not, he's just some good Samaritan giving them a ride.
Castle : That's why he didn't kill me. It would've attracted attention.
Ryan : Thirty years.
Castle : How many times do you think he did this? Ten? Twenty? A hundred?
UNK: I should've found a way to stop him.
UNK: Castle, you were 11 years old.
Beckett : And what happened to you back then was terrible.
Beckett : And I know that you're thinking of this case
Beckett : as a way to exorcise those demons,
Beckett : but we don't know what we have here.
Beckett : We don't even know if this is the same person.
Castle : Of course it's the same person!
UNK: See, Emma must've been able to do what I never could.
Castle : She tracked him down. That's why he went after her.
Castle : I have to find this guy, Kate. I need to end this.
Beckett : Guys, is there any way to check
Beckett : police records from 30 years ago?
Beckett : See if there were any abandoned cars ticketed
UNK: within a 50-mile radius of Hollander's Woods?
Esposito : Sure. We just have to call
UNK: all the municipal police departments in the area...
Ryan : And wait for them to stop laughing
Ryan : long enough to beg them to check their dusty storage rooms.
Ryan : You're serious?