UNK: Witnesses.
Castle : When he does it, he wears a mask.
Castle : Now, why would he do that? Wear a mask when he kills them?
Castle : I don't know.
Castle : If you had to guess.
Castle : What kind of psychosis would drive a man to do that?
UNK: Something terrible in his childhood?
Holtzman : The mind of a psychopath is not that simple.
Castle : But he kills them anyway.
Castle : So why would he need to hide his face behind this?
Holtzman : Maybe he's not hiding it.
Holtzman : Maybe this is his true face,
Holtzman : the monster he knows he really is.
Holtzman : And he wants his victims to see it and fear it before they die.
Holtzman : Maybe his real mask
Holtzman : is the man he has to pretend to be every day.
Castle : His voice?
Castle : I know it sounds crazy.
Ryan : Because it is. Castle, we already have a suspect.
UNK: Ah, the perfect suspect.
Castle : Because Dr. Holtzman knew intimate details about his patients,
Castle : he set Noah up to take the fall,
Castle : just in case anyone got onto the murders.
Castle : And Holtzman was in New Hampshire, at Dartmouth, in 1983.
Esposito : He's a family man. Married to his wife for 24 years.
UNK: Kids, well-respected, never been arrested.
UNK: And witnesses, they saw the victim get into Noah's car, not Holtzman's.
UNK: I can't explain that yet. But Holtzman is behind this, and...
UNK: Babe, the voice, is it possible you're misremembering?
Beckett : You've made this killer your personal boogeyman.
Beckett : You said so yourself, you wanted him to be more formidable.
Castle : You don't believe me.
Beckett : He's clean. He has no connection to this case.
Beckett : We've got nothing to go on.
Esposito : Less than nothing.
Esposito : All we have is a 30-year-old voice ID
Esposito : from a witness who was a kid at the time.
Beckett : Look, Castle, we want to solve it as much as you do.
Castle : You know what?
Castle : I expected this from these guys, just not from you.
UNK: Castle!
Beckett : I'm sorry.
Beckett : You said it was him. I believe you.
Castle : Except you're right. There's nothing we can do.
Castle : We'd have to sit on him for years, hoping he makes a move.
UNK: This is not how this story was supposed to end.
Beckett : I was thinking,
Beckett : how did he make those victims disappear without a trace?
UNK: Well, he would have had to have taken them somewhere.
Beckett : Somewhere his family didn't know about.
UNK: He'd have to have a lair. A storage space, somewhere.
Beckett : Too many things could go wrong.
Beckett : There could be a flood, a nosy manager.
Beckett : He would have to find a place over which he had absolute control.
Beckett : So I did a property search.
Beckett : It came up empty on him, but I did find this.
UNK: Farmland? Yeah.
Beckett : Owned by Holtzman's parents, both deceased.
UNK: It's in a trust. Holtzman is listed as the sole trustee.
Beckett : It's possible his wife doesn't know about it.
Castle : It's only a few miles from where Emma was hit by that truck.
Beckett : Tax records show that there's a barn on the property.
UNK: He must've held her there.
Castle : It's private, in the middle of nowhere.
Castle : The perfect lonely place.
Beckett : Only I would never get a warrant.
Frank : And if I searched it without one,
Beckett : then any evidence I would find would be inadmissible.
Castle : 'Cause you're a cop.
Beckett : But you're not.
Beckett : It would be trespassing.
Beckett : You would be breaking the law. But if you found something...
Beckett : And I know how much this means to you.
Beckett : So whatever you decide, I will back your play.