Beckett : We need to know exactly what we're dealing with, here.
UNK: So, happy manniversary.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : Detective Beckett. A word.
Gates : Close the door. Oh, yeah.
Gates : I just got a call from One PP.
Gates : They want me to take you off shift
Gates : tonight for a performance review.
Beckett : Um, sir, my review's not scheduled for another three months.
UNK: Do you think that this has something to do with the captain's exam?
Gates : No, they don't ask for a meet to discuss exam results.
Gates : They notify you by mail.
Beckett : So, what's going on?
UNK: I don't know. And none of my sources are talking.
UNK: But they want you there at 7 : 30.
Castle : Well, maybe it's good news.
Castle : Maybe you're getting an award, too.
Castle : Career achievement in homicide.
Castle : Yeah. Okay, it's probably not that.
Castle : But still, it could be good news.
Beckett : Well, then why is my cop sense telling me it's bad?
UNK: Tory Ellis : Hey, guys. Got something.
Tory : I was running those license plates on Emma's list,
Tory : seeing if any of the owners have criminal backgrounds,
Tory : when I noticed this car, registered to an address
Tory : right down the street from the coffee shop
Tory : where Emma went the day she was killed.
Castle : She was surveilling that car.
UNK: She must've thought it was the one
Beckett : that Zoey got into at the truck stop.
Castle : And when the owner of the car realized
Castle : she was onto him, he went after her.
UNK: Whose car is it?
Tory : That's the weird thing. It belongs to this woman.
UNK: "Connie Lewis."
Tory : But she's 72 and has no criminal record.
Beckett : What's her address?
Castle : There it is. White sedan, "X" and "Z" in the plate,
Castle : NYC sticker in the window.
Castle : Exactly as Emma's witness described.
UNK: Yeah, but how's a 72-year-old woman connected to all of this?
Beckett : You okay?
UNK: After all these years, I may finally get some answers.
Beckett : Mrs. Lewis? NYPD.
Castle : It's open.
Castle : TV's on.
Castle : Mrs. Lewis? Can you hear me?
Beckett : Mrs. Lewis?
Beckett : Mrs. Lewis?
Beckett : Mrs. Lewis?
Beckett : Mrs. Lewis?
UNK: Lanie Parish : There were no outward signs of trauma or carvings in her skin,
UNK: Lanie Parish : but until I get her back to the morgue, we can't rule out homicide.
Castle : How long has she been dead?
Lanie : Based on decay, I'd say about three years.
Beckett : How did no one notice?
UNK: Our killer did, and he used her car.
Beckett : And maybe her place.
UNK: Beckett.
Esposito : Look what I found in the kitchen.
Beckett : The same matchbook that we found in Emma's hotel room.
Castle : If Emma was tailing the killer, she could have followed him there.
Ryan : I tracked down Lewis's next of kin.
Ryan : Only family listed is a son.
Ryan : Found this number for him in her things.
Beckett : 910 area code. Where's that from?
Ryan : North Carolina.
Beckett : Okay, I'll handle the notification. See what he knows.
Castle : Not much if he hasn't seen her in three years.
UNK: What kind of a son doesn't check on his own mother?
Ryan : Not all families get along.
Ryan : My father didn't talk to his brother for 20 years...