Castle : Hello, I'm serious and brooding Richard Castle.
Castle : And I am friendly, accessible,
UNK: ruggedly handsome Richard Castle.
UNK: Alexis Castle : Wow, Dad. Could your head get any bigger?
Castle : Can you blame me?
Castle : I'm accepting the Poe's Pen Career Achievement Award.
Castle : It is the biggest honor a mystery writer can get!
Castle : I am joining the pantheon of greats
Castle : to whose heights I have always aspired.
Castle : So, which big head?
UNK: Uh, I like the ruggedly handsome, smiling giant you.
Alexis : I like the serious, brooding giant you.
UNK: Oh.
Castle : All right, Mother, you are the tie-breaker.
Castle : Which of these should be hanging
Castle : behind me at the ceremony next week?
UNK: Martha Rodgers : Oh. Darling, you know I refuse to play favorites.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : I love both of my son's big heads equally.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : All right, I am off to meet a friend of mine
UNK: Martha Rodgers : whose father just passed away.
UNK: Oh, Martha, I am so sorry. Oh, no, no, don't be.
Martha : He had a rich, full life.
Martha : And, more importantly, he has a rent-controlled loft in Chelsea.
Martha : Which, if I play my cards right,
Martha : could be mine.
UNK: Bye.
UNK: Well, there's the death-as-opportunity spirit we all love.
Beckett : Oh, looks like we have an opportunity of our own.
Castle : Oh! Let's head out.
Castle : We'll go head-to-head later.
Castle : See where I'm heading?
Castle : You know, with this award, you going for captain,
Castle : we could be New York's newest power couple.
Beckett : Oh, Castle, don't jinx it. I haven't even
UNK: gotten my exam results back yet.
Castle : It's you. You aced it.
UNK: No, man, it was a guy with the ax in his heart.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : He bled out in the Barcalounger.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : We called him Lord of the Flies, remember?
UNK: Javier Esposito : No, no, no, you're wrong, bro.
UNK: Javier Esposito : It was the pet shop owner whose wife fed him to the dogs.
Beckett : What are you guys fighting about?
UNK: Uh, the first case that Captain Montgomery
Ryan : partnered us on, 10 years ago today.
Castle : Really, it's your manniversary? And I didn't get you anything.
Esposito : There's still time.
UNK: You the folks from the 12th?
UNK: Trooper Collins : I'm Trooper Collins. Thanks for coming out of your jurisdiction.
UNK: Trooper Collins : Our victim's a Jane Doe.
UNK: Trooper Collins : It appears she was attacked in the woods and chased onto the road,
UNK: Trooper Collins : where she was hit by that truck.
UNK: Trooper Collins : Because of the assault, we're classifying the death as a homicide.
Castle : Any idea where she was coming from?
UNK: Trooper Collins : It's state game land. Not a house for miles.
UNK: Any ID on the body?
UNK: Trooper Collins : No. And we ran her prints, but they're not on file.
UNK: Trooper Collins : We've got our teams out there searching the woods,
UNK: Trooper Collins : but we found these tucked into her bra.
UNK: $50 bill, keycard, and a cash receipt.
UNK: Trooper Collins : From a coffee shop in the city. Dated yesterday.
Esposito : This card looks like a hotel key.
UNK: Trooper Collins : But it's not from anywhere around here.
UNK: Trooper Collins : We think maybe she was staying in the city.
UNK: Trooper Collins : We were hoping you could help us track down
UNK: Trooper Collins : who she is and what she was doing here.
Beckett : Yeah, of course.
UNK: Trooper Collins : Trooper Collins? These carvings on her face...
UNK: Trooper Collins : The crosses? Freaky, right?
UNK: Trooper Collins : We think she was maybe running from whoever did that.
Beckett : They look ritualistic.
UNK: Trooper Collins : Yeah, and it gets freakier.
UNK: Trooper Collins : Just as that trucker hit the girl,
UNK: Trooper Collins : he says he saw something emerge from the woods.
UNK: Some thing?
UNK: Trooper Collins : A dark figure wearing a mask.
Castle : What kind of mask?
UNK: Trooper Collins : He was pretty shaken, so we didn't press.
UNK: Trooper Collins : We'll get a full statement from him once he's been treated.
Castle : Where is he?
UNK: At the hospital in Woodbury. Excuse me. Trooper Collins, go.
Castle : We need to talk to that driver.
Trucker : I tried to stop, I did. But she just came out of nowhere.
Castle : Mr. Walters, the trooper said you saw something in the woods.
UNK: Yeah. It almost didn't seem real,
Trucker : like it was some kind of ghost.
Trucker : Freaky as all hell.
Beckett : Can you describe it?
Trucker : It wore a dark, ragged coat with a mask like a doll's face.