Castle : Like porcelain? Yeah.
Trucker : It was white, with black where the eyes should have been.
Castle : Were there markings on it?
UNK: Yeah. Like what?
Trucker : Like streaked teardrops coming from the eyes.
UNK: Uh, and the face, it was, uh...
Castle : Bisected with two black lines, like a cross.
UNK: Yeah. How'd you know that?
Beckett : Castle, what's going on?
Castle : It was real.
Beckett : What was real?
UNK: Beckett, I've seen that mask before.
Castle : The sketch is from the truck driver.
Beckett : You ready to talk about it?
UNK: I was 11 years old.
UNK: Uh, my mother was touring with Pippin.
Castle : I was in New Hampshire, staying with the family of a classmate
Castle : for President's Day weekend.
Castle : Their home abutted a few hundred acres of state forest
Castle : called Hollander's Woods.
Castle : We were told never to go into the woods alone.
Beckett : Somebody told you not to, so you had to do it anyway.
Castle : I walked for hours.
Castle : I was cold, completely lost.
Castle : And that's when I saw him.
Castle : A figure, clad in black, kneeling.
Castle : And after a few moments, he left.
Castle : And that's when I saw her on the ground.
UNK: Her? A body.
Castle : The first body I ever saw.
UNK: Her throat had been slit
Castle : and those same symbols were carved
UNK: Trooper Collins : into her forehead and her cheeks.
Castle : I touched her arm.
Castle : I remember thinking how cold it was.
UNK: Van Holtzman : Tell anyone what you've seen here today,
UNK: Van Holtzman : and I'll find you and kill you.
UNK: Van Holtzman : Do you understand?
UNK: Go!
Beckett : Why do you think he let you live?
Castle : I don't know.
UNK: I waited till I got back to the city to call the police,
Castle : from a payphone. I was too scared to let them know who I was.
Beckett : And who was the girl?
Castle : That's just the thing.
Castle : They searched the woods with cadaver dogs.
Castle : They never found a body.
Beckett : So you never figured out who she was?
Castle : I checked local papers.
Castle : No one in the area had been reported missing.
Castle : When I got older, I checked with missing persons,
Castle : even the FBI database for anyone matching her description
Castle : or any crimes involving those symbols or that mask.
Castle : But there was nothing.
UNK: It was like it never happened.
Castle : And after a while I started to wonder if it had.
Castle : That day in the woods, Kate,
Castle : that's why I do what I do.
Castle : I'm driven to figure out the story
UNK: because I could never figure out that one.
Beckett : Why didn't you ever tell me this before?
Castle : I think I didn't want it to be real.
Castle : But it is real.
Castle : He's real.
Castle : He killed before, and he just tried to kill again.
Ryan : I checked with the police department near Hollander's Woods.
UNK: Their logs do show that they received a call
Ryan : in February of '83 reporting a body.
Ryan : But, after coming up empty, they assumed it was a prank.
UNK: Okay, what about the FBI database?
Ryan : There's been no other occurrences in the past 30 years
Ryan : of any assaults or murders with this MO.
Ryan : Beckett, this thing that Castle says happened, it was decades ago.
Ryan : Is he really sure about this?
Beckett : As sure as I've ever seen him. Hmm.
Beckett : So, our Jane Doe.
Beckett : Anything on that coffee shop receipt?
Ryan : Yeah, a barista there remembered seeing our victim.
Ryan : She wasn't a regular, but she'd been in
Ryan : several times in the past few days.
Beckett : Was anyone with her?
Ryan : No. She came in alone.
Ryan : She'd get her drink, take a seat
Ryan : and spend hours staring out the window.
Beckett : Okay, why don't we set up a canvass of the neighborhood?
UNK: Maybe someone there knows who she is.
Ryan : After all these years, do you really think it could be the same killer?
Beckett : We won't know until we find him.
UNK: Yo.
UNK: That keycard that we found on the victim?
UNK: It was tracked to an extended-stay motel, out in Queens.
Esposito : She paid cash for the room, didn't present an ID.