Noah : I can't help you.
Castle : Where do you take them?
Castle : The others? How do you make them disappear?
Beckett : We have your car, Noah. Your house. We will find evidence.
Castle : Did Emma find evidence?
Castle : Is that why you went after her? Because she got too close?
Castle : Is that why you shot at us?
Noah : You were in my house!
Noah : Don't you see? I'm the victim here. I'm the victim.
Beckett : What's wrong?
UNK: It's just... He's been getting away with it for 30 years.
UNK: I thought he'd be more formidable.
Ryan : We have a problem.
Ryan : I just spoke with CSU.
Ryan : So far, they haven't found anything in the house or the car
Ryan : that links Noah to Emma or Zoey.
Castle : So we can't connect him to either of their murders?
Beckett : What about his mother's?
Esposito : Autopsy results indicate that she died of natural causes.
Ryan : Right now, all we have this guy on is mishandling a body.
Castle : He shot at us.
Esposito : Yeah, but he was hiding in the closet at the time.
Beckett : He can claim he didn't know we were cops. He can plead out.
Ryan : Castle, we can't even link this guy to Hollander's Woods.
Ryan : In '83, he was at a military academy, all the way in South Carolina.
Castle : It was President's Day weekend.
UNK: He could've been on vacation or just skipping school.
Esposito : Except those records are gone.
Esposito : So there's no way to prove it.
UNK: All a jury's gonna hear
UNK: is that he was 1,000 miles away from New Hampshire.
Esposito : Without evidence, we don't have a case.
Beckett : The key to this is Emma.
Beckett : We need to place his car in the area at the time she was attacked.
Beckett : Let's coordinate with Collins and set up a canvass up there.
UNK: There's got to be a place he goes,
Castle : somewhere out of the way where he puts the bodies.
Beckett : You said that he was seeing a shrink?
UNK: Trooper Collins : Yeah. A, uh, Dr. Van Holtzman.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : You know, maybe Noah said something
UNK: during his sessions that could help us.
Beckett : Where do we find Holtzman?
Castle : If Noah ends up walking,
UNK: you're gonna have to have me committed.
Beckett : Excuse me, we need to speak with Dr. Holtzman, please.
Receptionist : Of course. Just a moment.
Beckett : Listen, if after seven years of your crazy theories
Beckett : you haven't already been committed,
Beckett : then I think you're pretty safe.
UNK: Hi, I'm Doctor Holtzman.
UNK: Dr. Van Holtzman : I understand you've been looking for me.
Beckett : Yeah, I'm Detective Beckett. This is Richard Castle.
Beckett : We need to speak with you regarding one of your patients.
Esposito : Noah Lewis? Of course.
Holtzman : Let me just finish with these prescriptions and I'll be right with you.
UNK: Okay.
Castle : Beckett, I know that voice.
Castle : From that day in Hollander's Woods.
Castle : It's him. He's the killer.
UNK: Castle, that was over 30 years ago. You can't possibly...
Castle : Kate, when he spoke I could feel the knife at my throat.
Castle : I will never forget that voice as long as I live.
Holtzman : Sorry about that. Shall we talk in my office?
Holtzman : Please, have a seat.
Holtzman : I wish I could say that I was surprised to hear what Noah had done.
Holtzman : But he was very troubled.
Holtzman : We did everything we could for him, while he was in our care.
UNK: Uh, Dr. Holtzman, how long have you been treating Mr. Lewis?
Holtzman : Four years. We got him stable after his mother committed him.
UNK: But a condition of his release were
UNK: state-mandated sessions every month.
Beckett : And what did the two of you talk about?
Holtzman : Anger. Intimacy.
UNK: His animosity toward women.
Castle : You went to Dartmouth?
Holtzman : Yes, for undergrad.
UNK: Uh, when was the last time you saw Mr. Lewis?
Holtzman : A few days ago. He was quite agitated.
Holtzman : He thought someone was following him.
Holtzman : I thought he was just being paranoid. So I adjusted his meds.
Beckett : And you had no idea that he was about to do something violent?
UNK: None.
Castle : He's done this before, you know.
Castle : Abducted women, killed them in the woods.
Castle : Possibly for years.
Holtzman : How do you know?