Ryan : Just like in these crime scene photos?
Beckett : Okay... So?
Ryan : So, when the cabinet door is closed...
Beckett : There's blood spatter on the door panel behind it.
Castle : Which means the door was closed when Anton was shot.
UNK: Yep. Now, see this smear of blood on the inside edge of the door.
Ryan : CSU said that this came from a finger.
Ryan : So somebody grabbed the door from the inside, pulling it open.
Castle : If someone was in there when Anton was shot...
Becket : They saw our killer.
Castle : A witness!
Ryan : Yeah, not only that, I think our witness might be a kid.
UNK: What?
Ryan : They left that on the inside of the cabinet.
Ryan : It's a permission slip for a class trip.
Ryan : No usable prints on it, but it does have today's date.
Castle : Kennedy Elementary.
UNK: That's less than a mile away.
Castle : Assuming an afternoon dismissal, Anton was shot at 5 : 00 p.m...
Beckett : Someone from that school was in this van when Anton was killed.
Castle : Someone from Mrs. Ruiz's second-grade class.
UNK: Principal Silva : I can't imagine it's one of Mrs. Ruiz's students.
UNK: Principal Silva : Why would they even be in that area alone?
Beckett : Well, we'll know more once our Youth Officer
UNK: is done talking to them.
Beckett : Now, what time did Mrs. Ruiz's class let out yesterday?
UNK: At 3 : 00 p.m.
UNK: Principal Silva : And each child was picked up by a parent or authorized guardian.
UNK: Okay, and I'm gonna need a list of all of their names
Beckett : so we can determine where they were at 5 : 00 p.m. Of course.
UNK: Detective Miranda Daniels : Detective Beckett? Mrs. Ruiz and I talked to all the students.
UNK: Detective Miranda Daniels : None of them seems to be your witness.
Castle : Except one of them has to be.
Beckett : You know, maybe we should talk to them again.
Daniels : If they're afraid to come forward, that's not gonna help.
UNK: Principal Silva : Or perhaps they didn't see anything.
UNK: Principal Silva : Either way, these children shouldn't be subjected to endless questions.
Beckett : No, I understand, but we have to find this witness.
UNK: In cases like this, a child is often more likely
UNK: to open up to somebody who's not an authority figure.
UNK: A classmate, a friend.
UNK: So, basically, we are looking for someone who won't intimidate them.