Castle : know another writer?
Castle : Tell you what. Everyone look to your left.
Castle : You're looking at a writer.
Castle : Except for you guys on the end. You're looking at the wall.
Castle : We are all writers.
Castle : If you can tell a story, you can write a story.
UNK: So...
Castle : Let's do that right now. Let's write a story.
Castle : It can be about a little boy or a little girl just like you.
Castle : It can be as silly or as scary as you want it to be.
Emily : Can I write about having a tea party?
Castle : Of course you can.
Sophie : Mr. Castle, is it okay to make things up?
Castle : Of course. Yes, you can make things up,
Castle : or you could, um, write it based on
Beckett : something that happened in real life.
Castle : Is everyone ready?
Castle : And go!
UNK: Piece of cake.
UNK: Have we found a link between our two vics?
UNK: Other than Anton getting in Jaffe's car that night? Not so far.
Esposito : And Anton's never been in trouble with the law.
Beckett : You talk to Anton's parents?
UNK: Yeah, they never heard of Jaffe.
Esposito : I'm telling you, these guys, they lived in different neighborhoods,
Esposito : they moved in different circles.
Beckett : They drive off together, and then the next day they both end up dead?
Beckett : They're connected. We just gotta find out how.
UNK: I got something else.
Esposito : After Clark Jaffe was killed, someone tossed his place.
Beckett : Killer was looking for something.
UNK: Mrs. Ruiz : If you don't hydrate, they'll eat you alive.
UNK: Ah, thank you. That's very kind.
UNK: Mrs. Ruiz : So, how are those stories they wrote?
UNK: Mrs. Ruiz : Oh, and feel free to use my desk.
UNK: I was... I just...
Castle : You don't like me very much, do you?
UNK: Mrs. Ruiz : That's not it, Mr. Castle.
UNK: Mrs. Ruiz : These are kids, and it's my job to protect them.
UNK: Mrs. Ruiz : Even from people who mean well.
UNK: Mrs. Ruiz : Besides, if one of them did see something,
UNK: Mrs. Ruiz : they're too afraid to come forward.
UNK: Mrs. Ruiz : So why would you expect them to write about it?
Castle : Oh, I don't.
UNK: Well, not directly.
Castle : But an experience that powerful
Castle : is going to find a way to express itself and end up on the page.