Castle : It's not here. He must have found it.
Beckett : It's not in the drawer, Natalie.
Natalie : The photo was in an envelope. I hid it in an old camera case.
Castle : Wait. Jason said he stayed here because his mom was out of town.
UNK: So?
UNK: Natalie, the camera case that you put the envelope in,
Castle : was it for a Polaroid camera?
Beckett : How do you know?
Castle : Because Jason brought it to Kennedy Elementary yesterday
UNK: for show-and-tell.
Castle : That photo is in Mrs. Ruiz's classroom right now.
Beckett : We get that photo, we'll get Polkovnik. Come on.
Esposito : The FBI's been notified. They have agents on their way,
Esposito : and their tactical units are sweeping the area around Natalie's apartment.
Beckett : Where are we on the APB?
Ryan : Ready to go. And the Feds want to get this on the evening news.
Ryan : All they need is that photo.
UNK: You'll have it in five.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Okay, which one is Jason's desk?
Castle : Right here.
Castle : Got it.
Castle : Behind you!
UNK: Get up.
Emily : You okay?
Castle : Yeah, I've taken worse.
Castle : In this classroom, as a matter of fact.
Castle : Cupcake stampede!
UNK: Come and get 'em, guys!
UNK: Here we go! One for everyone. Help yourselves.
Castle : This is just a little thank-you
Castle : to say what a wonderful time I had with all of you.
UNK: Thank you, Mr. Castle. Here you go. You're welcome!
UNK: Thank you, Mr. Castle.
UNK: I'm gonna miss every one of you.
Jason : Even me?
Castle : Yes, Jason. Even you.
Castle : What do you say? Truce?
Jason : Yeah. Truce. All right.
Beckett : Looks like your nemesis isn't ready to call it a truce just yet.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Especially when he sees what I put on his back.
Castle : Leslie, one for you?
UNK: Kate Beckett : No, thanks.
UNK: Oh, well, actually, we have something else for you as well.
Beckett : This is a medal of outstanding service from the NYPD
Beckett : for your invaluable help with tracking down our witness.
UNK: What's gonna happen to Jason's sister anyway?
Beckett : She's agreed to testify, and with her help, our three victims,
Beckett : along with many, many other people, will finally get justice.
UNK: Mrs. Ruiz : Then maybe you should give this medal to her.