Castle : potato chip fudge ice cream sundae.
Castle : It's got that whole salty-sweet thing going on.
Castle : It's just... It's just like me.
UNK: Jeez.
UNK: Mmm!
UNK: I'll... I'll get it. Yeah. Mmm-hmm.
Castle : Beckett's phone.
Beckett : Look, I know that you've only been back for a few weeks,
Beckett : and we're all still trying to process it,
UNK: but I gotta say,
Beckett : Alexis waiting on you hand and foot, it's just, it's a little odd.
UNK: Hey, you know what's really odd?
Castle : Ice cream truck in the middle of nowhere.
Castle : There's no kids lining up to buy Bomb Pops around here.
Beckett : Yeah, this couldn't have been the driver's route.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Not even close.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : I just got off the phone with the owner
UNK: Kevin Ryan : of the ice cream truck, Sergei Vetotchkin.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : The victim's his son, Anton, 22.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : They found him behind the wheel around 5 : 00 p.m.
Castle : Is nothing sacred?
Castle : I mean, who kills an ice cream man,
Castle : a symbol of childhood innocence?
Beckett : Maybe someone who wanted his money.
Ryan : Except that today's cash receipts were still in the van.
UNK: Lanie Parish : And whoever did this shot him at close range.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Two GSWs to the chest with powder burns.
UNK: Javier Esposito : We figure the shooter boarded the truck and shot Anton,
UNK: Javier Esposito : knocking him back into the shifter.
UNK: Javier Esposito : It went into first, and that's why the truck rolled here.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Killer probably bolted out the back.
Beckett : Anyone see it?
UNK: We got unis canvassing for witnesses,
Ryan : but it's not exactly an area where people hang out.
Beckett : And what about street cams?
Ryan : Coverage is spotty. We'll get really lucky if we get a hit.
Castle : What was this kid doing here in the first place?
UNK: Sergei Vetotchkin : I don't know why our son would be in that neighborhood.
UNK: Sergei Vetotchkin : That's not where we do business.
Beckett : Is it possible that he was involved in something
Beckett : that would take him down there? Something dangerous?
Sergei : No. Anton was a good boy. Never got in trouble.
Beckett : Were there any troubles on his route?
Beckett : Anything unusual going on in his life?