UNK: I'll try.
Ross : Any luck getting rid of the entertainment center?
UNK: There were a couple calls, but they won't work out.
Chandler : Joey has a very careful screening process.
Chandler : Not everyone is qualified to own wood and nails.
Phoebe : Stop it!
UNK: She keeps trying to get away. Just like when she was alive.
Ross : How long is your mom going to be with us?
UNK: I'm not sure.
UNK: I guess until she gets used to the fact that there's...
Phoebe : ...a new mom.
UNK: Now she's worried that she'll be replaced.
UNK: That's not going to happen, is it?
UNK: I have to go make a call.
UNK: Why not use this phone?
UNK: I'm returning a call from a certain mom at the B-E-A-C-H.
Phoebe : I just spelled the wrong word.
UNK: Anyway, I don't want to do it in front of someone with a tail.
UNK: Hey, you swore you would never tell.
UNK: So am I crazy, or does Phoebe's mom remind anyone else of a cat?
UNK: Ross, don't start.
Ross : You actually believe there's a woman inside that cat?
Rachel : I believe it.
UNK: No, you don't.
Rachel : Yes, I do.
Ross : No, you
Rachel : You know what?
UNK: You won't suck me into this.
UNK: Sure I will. Because you always have to be right.
Ross : I do not always have Okay, okay.
Rachel : Jurassic Park could happen.
UNK: And you know what? Actually, I do think Kirk was smarter than Spock.
UNK: You were kidding about the Kirk-Spock-thing, though, right?
UNK: That's pretty nice.
UNK: "Pretty nice"?
Chandler : Pardon my roommate. He wanted to marry this.
UNK: We don't have $50. But would you trade for it?
UNK: We got a canoe.
UNK: I don't think we need a canoe.
UNK: You got to take it.
Chandler : Just take the entertainment center.
Chandler : Then when you get home, throw the canoe away.
UNK: We're not throwing it away. I built it.
Joey : Good for you!
UNK: You won't believe what I found on a telephone pole.
UNK: Look familiar?
UNK: Apparently Phoebe's mother also goes by the name "Julio."
UNK: Wait a minute. This is not the same cat. This cat's only this big.
UNK: A little girl's looking for this cat. Know what that means?
UNK: Yeah! $200 reward split five ways!
Rachel : Do we have to tell her?
UNK: -Yes, we do. -But it's made her so happy.
Ross : Little girl misses her cat.
Ross : Crazy lady thinks her mother is in a cat.
Ross : I have to go have dinner with my son.
Ross : Can I trust that when you see Phoebe, you will tell her?