UNK: He's gonna meet us down here.
Mason : I told him you were coming. You'd better let me do all the talking...
UNK: Pull the gun out ofyour pocket. Two fingers, put it on the ground.
Beckett : Knock it off.
Beckett : I know it's you.
Beckett : Now, gun on the floor. Nice and slow.
Mason : I was, uh, worried you might be too smart to fall for this.
Beckett : What's in the other pocket?
UNK: Oh, this? It's just insurance.
UNK: You see, mine is made of plastic,
Mason : so it's unaffected by the electromagnet in the ceiling.
Mason : And I'm afraid I have some more bad news for you.
Mason : Your husband's dead.
Beckett : You're lying.
Mason : No, I'm not.
Mason : He died about the same time I was picking you up.
UNK: As a matter offact, his body is in the furnace behind you there,
Mason : being reduced to a few pounds of ashes.
Mason : I think it's very fitting that your lives together end in fire, don't you?
Beckett : I'm not going in there without a fight.
UNK: That's very brave ofyou, but it won't be much of a fight.
Castle : Drop the gun, or I will kill you!
Beckett : Castle, stand back!
UNK: FEMALE NEwSCASTER : Meanwhile, in a dramatic scene,
UNK: dozens of local and federal law enforcement officials
UNK: descended on a building in Midtown tonight,
Newscaster : rescuing several police officers and arresting almost a dozen people.
Castle : Thank you.
Esposito : How long before the CIA connection comes out?
Beckett : Not long. It's too big a story for the Agency to bury.
Ryan : - Get ready for hearings out the wazoo. - Yeah.
Vikram : So that's it? We're finally in the clear.
UNK: Yes, we're gonna go to a bar and celebrate. Yeah?
Beckett : Okay, have fun.
UNK: So, you're handing in your resignation?
UNK: No, boring is overrated.
Ryan : Yo, Vikram, you coming?
UNK: It's 7 : 00 in the morning.
Esposito : - It's New York City. - Yeah.
Esposito : - Hey! - I'm gonna yell at you later,
Lanie : but for now, I'm just glad you're both okay.
Beckett : Oh, thank you.
Esposito : Hey, Lanie. You coming?
UNK: - I'll check you later. - Okay.
Beckett : I feel like I could sleep for a week.
Castle : How about some breakfast first? Best way to start off a hibernation.
UNK: Uh, you know what? Why don't we just order in?
Beckett : - You don't have to cook. - I love cooking for you.
Beckett : And I love when you cook for me.
UNK: I'm gonna go change.
UNK: AII right.
Castle : Hey, Beckett?
UNK: Yeah?
Castle : If Mason had an incinerator in the basement,
Castle : why wouldn't he just dispose of Caleb's body there?
UNK: Caleb Brown : I told Mason that you would figure it out...
UNK: Ext - Aster Park : - Castle. - But the old man wouldn't listen to me.
UNK: - Caleb, don't... - Sorry, Rick,
UNK: but how am I gonna enjoy my retirement with you and the Mrs. hunting me?
UNK: Castle!
UNK: Beckett Voiceover : Well, I guess this is it.
UNK: Castle Voiceover : It doesn't have to be. We could go to dinner, debrief each other.
UNK: Beckett Voiceover : Why, Castle? So I can be another one of your conquests?