Esposito : I know. I know. But listen.
Esposito : I traced the serial number on that brief case from the crime scene.
Esposito : It belongs to Caleb Brown,
Esposito : so I had the lab run his DNA. It's a match.
Esposito : Caleb's dead. He's our victim.
Beckett : - Espo, are you there? - What is it?
Beckett : That's not Caleb.
Beckett : Castle, this is a trap.
Beckett : Anyone there? Can you hear us?
Castle : Hayley? Vikram?
UNK: They got a frequency jammer. Castle, we're cut off.
UNK: Uh-oh.
Man : Open fire!
UNK: Castle!
UNK: Sniper!
Hayley : I don't have a clear shot.
Castle : - I'm out. - Yeah, same.
UNK: Mason Wood : Get in!
UNK: Mason?
Hayley : We're out of here.
Mason : No one's following. we're clear.
UNK: That was amazing.
Castle : Mason, you, sir, are quite literally a lifesaver.
Castle : And talk about a getaway vehicle.
Castle : A Korean barbeque taco truck! Are you serious?
Castle : Is anyone hungry right now?
Castle : Because I could totally whip up some kimchi tostadas.
Beckett : - Who are you? - Whoa. Easy now.
UNK: Whoa. No, no, no. Kate, Kate, Kate, this is Mason wood.
Castle : He's the head of the Greatest Detective Society.
Castle : I told you about meeting him in LA.
Beckett : That doesn't mean that we can trust him.
Mason : Fine, don't trust me.
Mason : But would you mind pointing that thing away from me?
Mason : It makes me just a bit nervous.
Castle : Don't worry, she's out of bullets.
Beckett : Why would you tell him that?
Castle : Because he saved our lives, and he's a friend.
Beckett : Who just happened to be at the right place, at the right time,
UNK: with the right Korean BBQ taco truck?
Beckett : I don't think so.
Castle : She does make a good point. Mason, what are you doing here?
Mason : Your mother sent me.
Castle : My mother?
Beckett : You know Martha?
Mason : No, not that mother, the other one. The stepmother, Rita.
Beckett : How do you know her?
Mason : Once upon a time I was a lawyer with the State Department.
Mason : And on an overseas assignment,
Mason : Rita was in my convoy going to the embassy.
Mason : We were hit. we were taken hostage.
Mason : If it hadn't been for Rita, I...
Mason : Look, I just owe her, all right?
Mason : And when she called and said that you two
Mason : were sticking your noses into something dangerous
Mason : and needed a babysitter, I said okay.
Castle : Did she tell you about LokSat...
UNK: Okay. Stop right there.
Mason : Now, whatever this is, and whoever you have obviously pissed off,
Mason : the less I know about this,
Mason : the better my chances are of staying alive.
Mason : Remember, I'm just a babysitter.
Mason : So I'll change your diapers and feed you your bottle
Mason : and save you from a strike force of armed mercenaries,
UNK: but I am notjoining your fight.
Beckett : Here, give me your cell phone. Hit squad can find us on it.
UNK: I'm gonna dump them.
UNK: Here. You're welcome to take anything you need. It's all untraceable.
UNK: Good luck to both ofyou.
Castle : How do we thank you?
Mason : You solved my friend's murder back in LA.
Mason : Let's call it even.
UNK: Here.
Beckett : How did that happen? we were careful.
UNK: LokSat must've discovered that Caleb betrayed him and then got wind of us.
Beckett : So LokSat killed Caleb,
Beckett : and then all he had to do was hack into Caleb's account
Beckett : and send a fake email to Vikram, agreeing to make that drop.