Castle : shouldn't we be tracking down this manager?
Ryan : Don't have to. We had Veronica call him
Ryan : and tell him she's been busted for solicitation.
Ryan : He thinks he's coming in to bail her out.
Beckett : So, how's our time traveler?
Esposito : He's still sticking to his story.
Esposito : Keeps checking his watch, saying he's about to be recalled.
UNK: Hmm. Well, it's not a total waste. I did get some excellent stock tips.
Beckett : Well, don't invest just yet.
Beckett : Once we find out who hired Veronica, then we'll know how Doyle's involved.
UNK: Detective Beckett? Dr. Silverman. Here for a psych eval on Simon Doyle.
Beckett : He's right back there.
UNK: SIGHS
Silverman : Right back where?
Castle : What the...
UNK: Where is he? Where did he go?
Castle : Not where.
UNK: When.
Castle : I'm just saying, what if he was telling the truth
UNK: and he really was recalled back to the future?
UNK: He wasn't recalled back to the future. Do you know how I know that?
Beckett : Because he's not a time traveler.
Castle : Okay. So where is he?
Beckett : Simple explanation?
UNK: There was a mix-up with the paperwork when his charges were dropped,
Beckett : and some desk monkey accidentally let him go.
Beckett : And now they are all trying to cover their asses.
UNK: That's reasonable.
Castle : It's unlikely, but it's reasonable.
Esposito : Yo, any luck finding Doyle?
Beckett : - No. Not yet. - Hmm.
Esposito : Is that Veronica's manager?
UNK: Yeah. Mick Linden. Just came in. We're about to lower the boom.
Beckett : You need a hand?
Esposito : Nah. We got it.
Esposito : Wouldn't want you to lose him, too.
RYAN : Here's your situation, Mick.
Ryan : Your girl Veronica says she stole the victim's keys for a friend of yours.
Ryan : That makes you an accessory.
UNK: Mick Lynden : No, man, I swear to God, I didn't know he was gonna do this!
Esposito : Yeah, well, good luck getting a jury to buy that.
Esposito : You're looking at a lot of time, Mr. Linden.
Lynden : Hey, man, I just got out six months ago.
Ryan : I'll tell you what, you tell us everything about that murderous friend of yours,
Ryan : and we'll tell the DA what a swell guy you are.
UNK: INHALES DEEPLY
UNK: His name's Ward. Garrett Ward.
UNK: MUTTERS He was my cellie at Five Points.
Ryan : Where can we find him?
UNK: EXHALES I don't know, man. He found me last week.
Lynden : Said he'd just gotten out, he needed a favor.
Lynden : I figured it was better to do it than end up on his hate list.
Esposito : You're afraid of him.
Lynden : Hell, yeah. Everyone was.
Lynden : I mean, this guy was inside a week, he was running the cell block.
UNK: Guy is ice-cold.
Ryan : - What else do you know about him? - Nothing, man.
UNK: And I shared air with this guy for years.
Lynden : Never once did he talk about his family, his hometown, his girl.
UNK: But he might've been a soldier.
Esposito : Yeah? Why's that?
UNK: 'Cause he had that way. Haunted.
Lynden : Always doing push-ups, always on alert.
UNK: You know any reason why he'd target Shauna Taylor?
Lynden : He never even mentioned her name.
UNK: And you said before she wasn't his parole officer,
Lynden : so I have no idea.
Ryan : Could he have taken her out as a favor to a friend?
Lynden : That guy didn't have friends.
Castle : But, uh,
Lynden : sometimes he'd talk about his mission.
Esposito : What mission?
UNK: All he'd say is he had unfinished business,
Lynden : and it would change everything.
Ryan : Garrett Ward. Till six years ago, no criminal record.
Ryan : In fact, until six years ago, no record at all.
Ryan : No DMV, no military, nothing.
Beckett : That's impossible.
Castle : Unless he's the other time traveler that Doyle was talking about.
RYAN : Whoever he is, his record begins
Ryan : when he was arrested for bringing a backpack bomb
Ryan : into a global energy conference here in Manhattan.
Beckett : And what was his motive?
UNK: Well, at the time, the authorities linked him to a radical Eco group
Esposito : that was protesting the conference.
Ryan : According to his file, he's some kind of anti-science nut job.
UNK: They found lots of Unabomber-style notebooks on him, decrying
UNK: the "destruction of the rightful Kingdom of God by science and technology."
Beckett : What's his connection to Doyle?
UNK: Nada.
UNK: What do you mean, "nada"? Guys, come on, it's so obvious.
Castle : Look, Ward is the guy that Doyle was sent back in time to stop, okay?
Castle : Ward was sent back in time on some history-altering mission
Castle : that he failed to accomplish, ending up in prison.
Castle : Six years later, he's trying to complete that mission.