BECKETT : Commitment that turned deadly.
Beckett : I mean, to maintain his delusion, Shauna had to die.
Beckett : He might not even know that he killed her.
Castle : Did you guys find out what this device was Doyle had on him?
Ryan : Yeah, Tech says it's just a bunch of junk thrown together.
ESPOSITO : What were you expecting, Castle?
Esposito : Time travel device? Doctor Who's sonic screwdriver?
UNK: You watch Doctor Who?
UNK: CELL PHONE BEEPS
Beckett : Oh, that's Lanie. Okay, we'll hit the morgue.
Beckett : Why don't you guys time travel over to your desks
Beckett : and let the DA know that we got our killer?
Lanie : He's not your killer.
Beckett : What do you mean?
Lanie : I mean, time of death was between midnight and 2 : 00 a.m.
Lanie : Doyle wasn't released from psychiatric hold until 4 : 00 a.m. It can't be him.
Beckett : No, it has to be him.
Beckett : He was stalking her and he was at the crime scene.
Lanie : Yeah, hours after she was dead.
Lanie : In fact, time of death was probably closer to 1 : 00 a.m.
Castle : - How can you tell that? - Her watch.
UNK: It stopped at 12 : 58,
UNK: probably from one of the electric shocks.
UNK: May I? WHISPERS 12 : 58.
UNK: NORMAL VOICE Did you just get a chill?
UNK: No, Castle, I didn't just get a chill. Do you wanna know why?
UNK: Because Doyle was at that crime scene,
UNK: and he had plenty of time to change her watch to fit his delusional story.
UNK: And just because he wasn't there when she was being murdered,
UNK: it doesn't mean he's not involved somehow.
Lanie : There's something else.
Lanie : Shauna was with someone the night she was killed.
Lanie : Once I cleaned the blood from the body, I saw these on her neck.
UNK: DEVICE WHIRRING
Beckett : Is that lipstick?
LANIE : Mmm-hmm.
Castle : She was with a woman.
UNK: You guys, Shauna's stepbrother confirms she was gay,
Beckett : but he's sure she wasn't seeing someone.
Ryan : There's nothing in her phone records that would indicate a girlfriend.
Ryan : However I did find a charge to her credit card for the night that she died.
ESPOSITO : Georgia's Bar.
Esposito : It's right around the corner from her apartment.
Esposito : Looks like she was buying for two.
BECKETT : Could be our killer.
Beckett : Okay, you guys get over there.
Beckett : See if she was seen with anyone or noticed anything out of the ordinary.
Beckett : I will call the DA. If we can't charge Doyle with murder,
Beckett : maybe I can get him held with a departmental psych eval
Beckett : until we have some answers.
WOMAN : Yeah. Shauna was here.
Bartender : Why, did something happen to her?
Ryan : Was she with anyone that night?
Bartender : Yeah. It was odd.
UNK: The chick she was hanging with was a pro.
Esposito : You mean, like a hooker?
Bartender : Yeah, I bartend weekends down at the Standish.
Bartender : Chick's a regular in their lounge, targeting upscale men.
UNK: You ever seen her down here before?
UNK: Uh-uh.
Bartender : I don't know if she was working or what,
Bartender : but she and Shauna seemed pretty cozy.
Bartender : They left together.
Ryan : You know her name?
Bartender : Veronica. Go up to the Standish. She'll be hard to miss.
UNK: SCOFFS Your witnesses are confused. I don't go to Georgia's. Not my scene.
Beckett : Well, we have security camera footage
Beckett : that shows the two of you leaving there together.
UNK: Wanna try again?
Veronica : Okay, I left with her. I like a little variety.
Beckett : And what happened after you left the bar?
Beckett : Did you go to her place?
Veronica : How is that your business?
UNK: Because she's dead.
Beckett : Killed in her apartment last night.
RYAN : We found lipstick marks on her neck.
UNK: When we test them, whose DNA do you think we're gonna find?
UNK: GASPS This wasn't me. I didn't do this.
Beckett : You were with her that night.
Veronica : - But only because I was paid to be. - By who?
Veronica : Some guy. He hired me to come on to her.
Castle : - Why? - He wanted me to get in her place
Veronica : and steal her keys.
UNK: I didn't know he was gonna kill her.
BECKETT : Is this the guy?
UNK: No.
UNK: This guy was way more intense, scary.
Beckett : - Who is he? - I don't know. I didn't wanna know.
Veronica : I just did what I had to and I got out of there.
UNK: If you didn't know him, why'd you agree to take the job?
Veronica : Because I had no choice. Mick, my manager, said I had to.
Veronica : He said this guy was a friend of his.
CASTLE : So if we are gonna find this scary guy,