UNK: Ahhh! Ow! God! GASPING
Pi : Everything okay, Mr. C?
Castle : Does everything look okay, Pi?
UNK: Uh, I don't know. It's kind of dark in here.
UNK: Alexis Castle : Dad? What's going on? What happened?
Castle : My office. Now.
Castle : I've tried to be generous and understanding.
UNK: I've tried to be tolerant.
Castle : But, Alexis, it's been over a month, and Pi is still here.
Alexis : I know, Dad.
Alexis : And he feels bad about it. We both do.
Castle : I don't care if he feels bad.
Castle : I want my couch back. I want my house back.
Castle : You go back to college next week. What then?
UNK: Sweetheart,
Castle : he has to go.
Alexis : You're absolutely right.
Alexis : He's been here way too long. It's not right, and it's not fair to you.
UNK: SIGHS
Castle : - Thank you. - You're welcome.
Alexis : And the best news is I think we found a place.
Castle : Honey, that is so great.
UNK: Did you say "we" found a place?
Alexis : Yeah. Pi and I talked it over.
Alexis : He can't afford a place on his own, so we found one together.
UNK: Together?
Alexis : Yeah. That way the rent's totally affordable.
Alexis : I can cover my half with a work-study job,
Alexis : - and it's right next to school. - SIGHS
UNK: Plus, it'll save you having to pay for university housing this year.
Castle : You don't honestly think I'm gonna let you do this, do you?
Alexis : Let me? Dad, I'm 19.
Castle : Exactly my point.
Castle : Far too young to be moving in with someone.
Alexis : Really? Because I was old enough to sign the lease.
Alexis : And weren't you living with your girlfriend when you were 19?
Castle : Yes, but that was different.
UNK: How?
Alexis : Trust me, Dad. We've thought this through.
Alexis : Makes total sense.
Castle : In what universe does that make sense? I'll tell you what universe.
UNK: The one where she's blinded by emotion and not thinking straight.
Castle : It's like watching a car accident in slow motion.
UNK: Kate Beckett : You know, Castle, my dad wanted to kill the first guy that I moved in with.
UNK: Kate Beckett : He did everything he could to try and talk me out of it.
UNK: Kate Beckett : And all that did was make me wanna do it even more.
Castle : I just wish her future self would come back and talk to her present self.
Castle : Let her know what a mistake she's making.
Castle : Save her from a...
UNK: CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKS
Castle : A world of hurt.
BECKETT : What happened?
UNK: Lot of weirdos out there with too much imagination is what happened.
UNK: Lanie Parish : And yes, I'm looking at you, Castle.
CASTLE : Yeah, except I only commit my murders on paper.
Castle : Don't actually do them. A lot more lucrative, a lot less prison.
Beckett : So was she electrocuted?
LANIE : Yep, but that's not the cause of death. Her throat was cut.
Lanie : The rest of this, if I had to guess, I'd say she was tortured.
CASTLE : Why? Who is she?
ESPOSITO : Shauna Taylor, 34.
UNK: Javier Esposito : She's a parole officer with the Department of Corrections.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Could be one of her parolees out for revenge.
Beckett : - How did he get in? - Right now it's a mystery.
Esposito : There's no sign of forced entry, and from the look of it,
Esposito : she wasn't expecting trouble.
Castle : How can you tell that?
UNK: She had a carry permit for a SIG nine.
Esposito : It's still in the top drawer of her nightstand.
Beckett : Do we know when this happened?
Lanie : I won't have anything definitive until I get her back to the office.
ESPOSITO : Neighbors didn't hear anything,
UNK: probably because she was gagged.
UNK: But the guy who called it in
UNK: said that he saw a guy leaving the apartment around 5 : 30 a.m.
UNK: Said the dude had fresh blood on him.
UNK: Ryan's got our witness with a sketch artist now.
Beckett : Okay, contact DOC,
Beckett : get a list of all of her parolees, see if there's a match.
UNK: We're also gonna need alibis for all of them from last night.
Beckett : What do we know about her family?
MAN : She's dead?
UNK: Malcolm Wickfield : I knew it.
UNK: Malcolm Wickfield : Knew something like this would happen.
UNK: Malcolm Wickfield : I warned her, didn't I?
UNK: Mrs. Wickfield : She loved her job. She loved helping people get their lives back on track.
Beckett : Dr. Wickfield, were you and your stepsister close?
Malcolm : Not really.
Malcolm : The two of us had very different lives.
Malcolm : Since our father passed, we made an effort,
Malcolm : called each other once, maybe twice a month.
Beckett : And when you last spoke to her,
Beckett : did she say anything that would indicate she was in trouble?
UNK: Yeah, when we talked about a week ago.
Malcolm : She said she thought someone might be stalking her.