Beckett : anti-science nut like Ward would fixate on.
Ryan : Which means any of the other speakers at that conference could be next.
Castle : Except now he's looking for a child.
Beckett : Okay, contact the conference organizers.
Beckett : Get names of everyone that attended.
Beckett : Let's see if there are any children on that list.
Beckett : This guy's gonna kill again and we don't know anything about him.
Esposito : I may have found someone who does.
Beckett : That Eco group that Ward was supposedly a part of?
Esposito : Well, it's since disbanded,
UNK: but its leader at the time was a guy named Jack Hastings.
Esposito : He's an environmental author now, and his new book, Our Earth's End,
UNK: it's about the coming Eco-disasters and the destruction of the human race.
MAN : If you wanna know the future, look at the facts.
UNK: In less than 35 years, we'll have no gas, no coal, and no uranium left.
UNK: As our energy resources dwindle and needs rise due to global warming,
UNK: scarcity will spark the inevitable.
UNK: A massive, bloody world war, probably within...
Castle : Massive, bloody energy wars? Just like Doyle described.
Hasting : Given how compromised our planet already is,
Hasting : will the human race survive?
Castle : Thank you.
UNK: AUDIENCE APPLAUDS
HASTINGS : Yeah, I knew Garrett Ward.
Hasting : When he first came to us, he said all the right things.
Hasting : How big oil and coal were destroying our environment.
Hasting : He even helped me plan that sit-in on the energy conference.
UNK: After a few weeks, it became obvious he didn't care about the environment.
Hasting : When he was caught with that bomb, we realized why.
Castle : He was using you to get into the conference.
Beckett : So how well did you know him personally?
UNK: Enough to know he was nuts.
Castle : How so?
Hasting : He was paranoid.
UNK: He was always looking over his shoulder.
Hasting : And he'd say things about the future, messed up things,
Hasting : about apocalyptic wars,
Hasting : and how the human race needed to be cleansed.
Hasting : It was pretty creepy.
Beckett : Kind of like some of the predictions you just made?
Hasting : No, this was different.
Hasting : Ward talked about it like it was real, like it had already happened.
Castle : Did he ever say anything to you about a child?
Hasting : Not that I recall.
Castle : What about this guy? Do you recognize him?
UNK: Sorry.
Beckett : Do you know if there was anyone that he was close to?
Beckett : Anyone who would know how to find him?
Hasting : He burned every bridge he had when he walked in with that bomb.
Hasting : But if you're looking for him, I'd try the East River Power Plant.
Hasting : That's where he was living six years ago.
UNK: He said, uh, the electromagnetic field
Hasting : made it harder for the government to find him.
Hasting : I told you, the guy was crazy.
Castle : This place shut down in 2010. You really think he'd come back here?
Beckett : You can stay in the car if you're too scared.
Castle : Alone? At an abandoned power plant? No, thank you.
Castle : Maybe we should put something in our vows
Castle : about following each other into creepy places.
CASTLE : I'm just saying, energy wars, a soldier from the future,
Castle : everything seems to support Doyle's story.
Castle : Aren't you weirded out by all this?
BECKETT : Why would I be weirded out?
Beckett : Ward's just another paranoid schizophrenic.
Beckett : No different than Ted Kaczynski or Mark David Chapman.
Castle : Then how do you explain Doyle?
UNK: Oh, probably another crazy who got caught up in his delusion.
Beckett : He and Ward must know each other somehow.
UNK: Castle, someone's been here.
UNK: COCKS GUN
UNK: Don't, don't...
Beckett : - It's him. Come on. - Where are you going?
Beckett : Call for backup.
Castle : Good idea.
UNK: BECKETT GRUNTS
UNK: GRUNTING
UNK: OBJECTS CRASHING
UNK: BEEPING
Esposito : - Hey! - CASTLE GRUNTING