UNK: PAPERS RUSTLING
UNK: BEEPING
RYAN : NYPD! Show us your hands right now!
ESPOSITO : NYPD!
UNK: GRUNTS
UNK: No, no, no! Let me go! You don't know what you're doing!
Beckett : We know exactly what we're doing.
UNK: JOHN DOE : Please, listen to me, don't do this.
Simon : Please. You have to let me go. If you don't, a billion people will die!
UNK: Yeah? How are they gonna die?
Pi : I don't know. I only know that they do. GRUNTS
Esposito : Yeah? And how's that?
Simon : - Because I'm from the future. - HANDCUFFS CLINK
UNK: WHISPERS This just became my favorite case.
UNK: So, future, huh?
Simon : That's right.
Beckett : Okay, so, why don't we just start with something simple, like your name?
UNK: Why does everybody wanna know my name?
UNK: I mean, who cares? It doesn't matter.
Beckett : - Humor me. - Fine.
Simon : You can call me Simon. Simon Doyle.
Castle : And what year are you from exactly?
Simon : - 2035. - Castle.
Castle : Don't tell me you weren't wondering.
Beckett : No, what I was actually wondering was,
Beckett : what were you doing in Shauna Taylor's apartment?
Simon : Same thing you were, I expect. Looking for her killer.
Beckett : Except all the evidence points to you.
Simon : Detective, it was my job to prevent her murder.
Simon : Ipso facto, QED, I am not her killer.
Simon : Point in fact, she was never even supposed to die, okay?
Simon : But because she has,
Simon : a chain of events has started, that if I do not stop...
Castle : - Billions of people will die. - That's exactly right.
Simon : Look, after the bloody energy wars of 2031,
Simon : we finally managed to cultivate new sources of power.
Simon : Energy wars?
UNK: Yeah. Neo-fascists come to power,
Simon : try to control the world's energy supply for a select few.
UNK: But, don't worry, we defeat them.
UNK: Turns out that one of these new sources of power is a tachyon generator,
Simon : it lets us open doors in the time stream continuum,
Simon : allowing us to travel back in time.
Simon : But of course, because of the possibility of abuse,
Simon : it was tightly regulated and kept as a secret from the public.
Beckett : We have a witness that saw you
Beckett : leaving Shauna Taylor's apartment shortly after she was killed and...
Simon : I'm getting to that.
UNK: Look, look, I'm a temporal anthropologist.
UNK: What we do is we travel back in time and we study culturally significant eras.
Simon : Ancient Egypt, Middle Ages, man, I've been to Nazi Germany.
Castle : Aren't you worried about the butterfly effect?
UNK: Accidentally changing something in the past,
Castle : thus altering the future?
Simon : No. We're careful.
UNK: The time stream is mostly self-correcting, okay?
UNK: Any small change is like a little ripple in a fast-moving river, right?
UNK: - SNAPS FINGERS - It's gone in a second, doesn't matter.
Simon : But if someone was to do something big,
UNK: if somebody was to do something massive,
Simon : then yes, of course, damn right you could change the future.
UNK: And by the way, that's exactly what just happened.
UNK: Somebody broke into our lab, okay?
Simon : Made an unauthorized jump back in time.
UNK: We don't know who, but when they did, the numbers, they started to spike.
Simon : Not unlike a tide going out before a tsunami.
Castle : And what happens when the tsunami hits?
UNK: Well, it hasn't caught up to us yet, okay?
Simon : But when it does, whatever chain of events that has just started now
Simon : will result in billions of deaths that did not otherwise occur.
Simon : You understand me?
UNK: Okay, um, Mr. Doyle, let's say that you are indeed from the future.
UNK: How does Shauna Taylor fit into all of this?
Beckett : I mean, how does her death change things so radically?
Pi : I don't know.
UNK: All I know is that we traced the first change in the timeline
UNK: to her apartment, October 7th, 12 : 58 a.m.
Castle : Which is why they sent you back, why you accosted her.
Castle : To stop that first event.
Simon : And I failed, okay?
Simon : And now she's dead.
Simon : But this is why I was searching her apartment.
Simon : To find out why she was targeted, why this person would torture her.
Simon : There's a reason he came back in time to find her.
Simon : She had something he needed.
Simon : I don't know what, some piece of information. Listen, it doesn't matter.
Simon : What matters is that I get out of here, okay?
Simon : Because it is not too late.
UNK: - BANGS ON TABLE - I can still stop this.
UNK: SIGHS But you have to let me go now, okay?
Simon : I only have a few hours before they recall me.
UNK: You're gonna be delayed.
UNK: WHISPERS Oh, no.
UNK: LOWERED VOICE Recall you?
Simon : This is painful.
UNK: No, man, I'm talking to people who still think the Earth is flat.
Esposito : - Hey. - Hey.
Esposito : His fingerprints are a match for the ones we pulled from the crime scene.
Esposito : No question he's our guy.
UNK: Yeah, no kidding.
Simon : You're making a huge mistake!
UNK: - BECKETT : Castle? - Yeah.
Beckett : For the sake of our future,
Beckett : please tell me you don't believe that guy.
UNK: Oh, no. But you got to admit, it's a great story.
UNK: Really? Thought it was kind of derivative.
UNK: Yeah, like a mash-up of Twelve Monkeys
Esposito : - and Terminator. - Mmm.
Castle : Yeah, but it's the way he told it. Total commitment.