Castle : Which is why Doyle has been sent back to now,
Castle : because now is when the timeline changed.
Beckett : Well, I was thinking that maybe Ward and Doyle
Beckett : knew each other in the non-crazy world.
Beckett : Like, perhaps that Eco group that Ward was supposedly a part of.
UNK: Okay. Not as fun.
Beckett : But why would an anti-science nut torture and murder a parole officer?
Beckett : I mean, what's her connection to any of this?
Ryan : We still haven't found one.
Beckett : Why don't you guys go back in time
Beckett : and see if you can dig up any of Ward's known associates from six years ago?
Beckett : Castle and I will look into his case records,
Beckett : see if we can find a connection between him and Shauna Taylor,
Beckett : or perhaps figure out what his unfinished business was.
UNK: PAPERS RUSTLING
CASTLE : No, Alexis, I do trust you. I'm just saying
Castle : deciding to share an apartment with someone you met
Castle : on a banana plantation a month ago
Castle : just doesn't strike me as the smartest decision you've ever made.
UNK: Alexis?
UNK: DIAL TONE
Castle : She hung up on me.
UNK: Hmm?
UNK: SIGHS
Castle : Maybe I shouldn't have said that stuff about the bananas.
UNK: PAPERS RUSTLING
UNK: Um...
UNK: Kate Beckett : You know, Castle, maybe this is a good thing for her.
Beckett : I mean, she sees us and she sees you starting something new.
Beckett : Maybe she's just trying to figure out how she fits in.
Castle : You're saying this is about us?
UNK: No. Um, I'm saying this is about her. It's about her growing up.
Castle : You know what I'd do if I had a time machine?
UNK: Mmm?
Castle : I'd go back to relive all those moments,
Castle : you know, holding her tiny hand, putting her up on my shoulders.
UNK: Just...
Castle : Can't believe those times are gone.
UNK: I know, Castle, but think about all of the great times
Beckett : that you have to look forward to.
UNK: In her future and in ours.
Castle : Yeah, assuming there is a future.
Castle : If Doyle's right, there may not even be one.
Beckett : Oh, come on, Castle.
UNK: Whoa.
Castle : Look at this.
Castle : It's an article on the attempted bombing. Look at the picture.
BECKETT : That's Malcolm Wickfield, Shauna's stepbrother.
Beckett : He was at the conference?
Castle : He wasn't just at the conference, he was one of the speakers.
UNK: The Wickfields' address was unlisted. You had to get it from Central.
Beckett : That's what Ward wanted from Shauna?
Beckett : To find her stepbrother?
Beckett : He's going after Wickfield.
UNK: ENGINE REVVING
UNK: BRAKES SQUEAL
Beckett : - NYPD, Homicide. - What happened?
Uniform : Wife said some guy just showed up at their door and attacked him.
Uniform : He beat the hell out of him, then broke his neck.
UNK: Mrs. Wickfield : Yes. That's him.
Beckett : So what happened?
UNK: We were, uh, doing a crossword puzzle together,
UNK: Mrs. Wickfield : and the doorbell rang.
UNK: And when Malcolm answered it,
UNK: that man, he grabbed him by the neck and dragged him into the living room.
UNK: Mrs. Wickfield : And he kept yelling,
UNK: "Where is the child? How can I find the child?"
Castle : - What child? - We didn't know.
UNK: Mrs. Wickfield : We told him we didn't know. We don't have any children.
UNK: SIGHS I called 911, and when he heard the sirens,
UNK: that's when he killed Malcolm.
UNK: STAMMERS He ran out before they arrived.
Castle : Mrs. Wickfield, what exactly did your husband do?
UNK: Mrs. Wickfield : He was a theoretical physicist.
UNK: Mrs. Wickfield : He was trying to isolate new energy sources.
Beckett : Why would anyone target him for that?
UNK: Mrs. Wickfield : Because some people thought that his experiments were dangerous.
UNK: That somehow he was gonna create a black hole
UNK: that was gonna swallow the Earth.
UNK: But of course, it was all nonsense!
UNK: Wickfield on Video : Well, the work is very exciting.
UNK: Wickfield on Video : But right now it's all theoretical.
UNK: Wickfield on Video : What our research really offers
UNK: Wickfield on Video : is an entirely new way of looking at the universe.
Castle : Changing the way people see the universe?
Castle : That's exactly the kind of person whose death could alter the future.
Beckett : It's also the kind of person that a crazy,