Phoebe : I remember talking about this day with Rachel...
Phoebe : ...while we were showering together, naked.
UNK: And she's back in the game!
Chandler : Julie. Hi.
Rachel : Chandler Bing. I guess you remember me.
Julie : Hello, Skidmark.
UNK: It's a nickname. I'll explain later.
UNK: It's pretty clear.
Chandler : I owe you a long, overdue apology.
UNK: I shouldn't have broken up with you because of your weight.
UNK: That's why you broke up with me?
UNK: You didn't know that?
Chandler : Well, I guess my work here is done.
UNK: Can I get you guys something to drink while you tabulate?
UNK: Actually, the final vote has been tallied.
UNK: - I'll take a cocoa. - Too late.
UNK: But first of all, I would like to say you both performed very well, okay?
Joey : You should be proud.
UNK: And I'd also like to say, in this competition, there are no losers.
UNK: Well, except Rachel. Damn it!
Phoebe : Really? I won.
Phoebe : - What? - I'm sorry, Rach, it was really close.
Rachel : - Well, then I demand a recount! - Actually, it wasn't that close.
Chandler : You know what? Your thing was so stupid anyway.
UNK: We're gonna flip a coin, all right?
UNK: Heads.
UNK: What? The coins have finally forgiven me!
Rachel : Know what? I hope Monica forgives you after you throw her...
UNK: ...vegetarian-voodoo-goddess-circle-y shower.
UNK: Rach, it's gonna be okay. You guys are the best!
UNK: Boy, I tell you. That judging stuff took a lot out of me.
Rachel : - Yeah? - Yeah.
Joey : Thinking about maybe going upstairs and taking a little nap on my couch.
Ross : Why would I care about that?
UNK: No reason. I'm just saying that...
UNK: ...that's where I'll be.
Chandler : As bad as that went, I actually enjoyed myself.
UNK: I think that I'm going to apologize for all the stupid things that I do.
UNK: Why don't you just stop doing stupid things?
UNK: - Then you wouldn't have to apologize. - I'd love it if I could do both.
UNK: All right, I have to ask.
UNK: What?
UNK: Will you break up with me if I get fat?
UNK: What?
Monica : You broke up with Julie. How much weight did she gain?
Chandler : A hundred and forty-five pounds.
Monica : In one year?
Monica : My God, what did she eat? Her family?
UNK: That's not the point.
Chandler : I know it was a stupid reason to break up with someone, but I was 15.
UNK: Yeah, well, that's not the only time this was an issue.
UNK: You remember when you spent Thanksgiving with us?
Monica : You called me fat.
Rachel : Wait a minute.
Chandler : - That was totally different. - How?
Chandler : You were not supposed to hear that. I said that behind your back.
Monica : What if I have babies, okay? I'm gonna look different.
UNK: I'm okay with that, but I'm not sure you are.
UNK: You have to realize I don't think of you as a thin, beautiful woman.
UNK: This is one of the things that I can apologize for later.
UNK: What I mean is, you're Monica.