UNK: We made it across the room. You're doing great.
UNK: What's going on?
UNK: Monica's a little drunk.
UNK: Yeah! I love drunk Monica.
UNK: Oh, she's so much more fun than regular Monica.
UNK: She doesn't want her parents to know.
Phoebe : All right, all right. Here's what we'll do.
UNK: I'll get twice as drunk, then no one will even notice her.
UNK: - Drunk Phoebe's mean. - Okay, you watch your tone with me!
UNK: What's going on?
UNK: Monica's wasted.
Ross : Maybe that will liven up this party.
UNK: Will you just help her get changed?
Rachel : Taking care of a drunk, naked woman seems like a job for Joey.
UNK: This one's from me.
UNK: It wasn't on your list, but it's really fun.
Rachel : A scooter.
Ross : Stick to the list.
Ross : Always stick to the list.
UNK: No, no, I love it. Thank you.
Chandler : Open ours next! Open ours next!
UNK: Now that you're a couple, we don't get two gifts?
Chandler : For my last birthday, you gave me a hug.
Chandler : Read the card! Read the card!
UNK: "Happy birthday, Grandma.
UNK: It's better to be over the hill...
UNK: ...than buried under it.
UNK: All our love, Monica and Chandler." That's funny.
UNK: No, no. That was a joke.
UNK: I know, I get it. It's funny.
UNK: Because you're not a grandma.
UNK: To be a grandma, you have to be married and have children.
UNK: I don't have any of those things. That's why it's so funny.
UNK: I'm just gonna go...
Monica : All you had to do was buy the card.
UNK: Hey, look who's back. It's the birthday girl.
UNK: How's the birthday girl feeling?
UNK: Well, I feel fine, but I think you're bumming out the rest of the kids.
Rachel : It was stupid to get upset about not having a husband and kids.
Rachel : All I really needed was a plan.
UNK: See, I want three kids.
UNK: And you want to have them all at the same time and have them for your brother.
Rachel : As I was saying...
UNK: I should have the first one by the time I'm 35.
Rachel : Which gives me five years.
UNK: I love this plan. I'm gonna marry this plan.
Phoebe : If you could do that, I'd marry the Hippity Hop.
UNK: If I want a kid when I'm 35, I don't have to get pregnant until I'm 34.
Rachel : Which gives Prada four years to start making maternity clothes.
UNK: But I want to be married for a year before I get pregnant.
Monica : Really? That long?
UNK: Look all you want, it's happening.
UNK: I don't have to get married until I'm 33. That's three whole years.
Rachel : Wait a minute, though.
UNK: I'll need a year and a half to plan the wedding.
UNK: And I'd like to know the guy for a year, year and a half...
Rachel : ...before we get engaged.
Rachel : Which means I need to meet the guy by the time I'm 30.
Ross : Which is fine because you just turned...
UNK: ...28!
Rachel : No, Ross. No, it is not fine.
Rachel : I should already be with the guy I'm gonna marry.
UNK: Will you quit hogging it?
UNK: I'm telling you, it's like watching Bambi learn how to walk.
UNK: You're drunk.
UNK: Mom and Dad are gonna be mad.
UNK: Maybe I'm a little drunk.
Joey : Are those crab cakes?