UNK: -Yeah, but he's the same. -Joey, come on.
UNK: But he's the same!
UNK: You're not the same.
UNK: You know, it's a lot less surprising to do that...
UNK: ...after l've buzzed you into the building.
Monica : So, Phoebe, why are there men's shoes by the door?
Phoebe : Those are my shoes.
UNK: Well, when you get over this breakup, we need to go shopping.
UNK: Look, Monica, l really appreciate you checking in on me.
UNK: -But l'm actually feeling a lot better. -You are?
UNK: Yeah, l just kind of want to be alone right now.
UNK: -Who's that? -l ordered Chinese food.
Phoebe : What are the chances?!
UNK: One billion Chinese people, and they send Mike!
Monica : -What are you doing here? -Phoebe called me.
UNK: -Phoebe! -l'm sorry. l broke down.
UNK: l wanted to see him.
UNK: Well, not on my watch.
UNK: Damn it, Phoebe, how did you even call him?
UNK: There's a speakerphone on the base unit.
Monica : Base unit. Think, Monica, think!
UNK: -Can l come in? -No! No.
UNK: Phoebe, isn't seeing Mike exactly what you wanted me to stop you from doing?
UNK: -Look, if l want to see Phoebe, and she-- -This doesn't concern you!
UNK: Sorry. l guess l was thrown off by the mention of my name.
UNK: Look, guys, you can't do this.
UNK: lt's gonna make getting over each other harder.
Phoebe : Not if nothing happens. Why can't we just hang out as friends?
UNK: Sure. lf you're just gonna hang out as friends, then maybe l'll join you.
UNK: You know, l'm your friend and Mike's friend.
Phoebe : Sit down.
Monica : Make room for your friend.
UNK: -So how have you been? -l've been pretty good.
Mike : -You look really beautiful. -Thanks. You look good too.
Monica : No, no, no. This is dangerous territory. Keep it clean.
UNK: So how's the piano playing going?
UNK: Actually, l've been playing a lot of love songs lately.
UNK: -l've missed you. -l've missed you too.
Monica : You know, on the way over here, l saw this drunk guy throw up.
Monica : And then a pigeon ate it.
Joey : Hey. Ross.
UNK: Look, l just wanted to apologize.
UNK: Don't tell me you actually made those gay pictures of me.
Joey : Check this out.
UNK: So that's what l'd look like if l worked out.
UNK: And was being serviced by a policeman.
UNK: You're not gonna actually send these out, are you?
UNK: Actually, l don't need to, because your little ''Ross is dead'' joke didn't work.
UNK: Okay? There were no responses.
UNK: Nobody posted anything, nobody called my parents, so the joke is on you.
UNK: Nobody called, nobody wrote anything, nobody cares that l'm dead.
Ross : Oh, my God.
UNK: -Nobody cares that l'm dead? -Oh, come on, you know that's not true.
Ross : What are you talking about? You get 60 responses...
UNK: ...just for coming out of the closet.
UNK: l didn't get one response, and l'm dead!
Chandler : Well, the gay community is a lot more vocal than the dead community.
UNK: l can't believe this. Not even my geology lab partner. And l carried that guy!
UNK: Look, let's think about this, okay?
UNK: You think people are gonna disturb your family at this tragic time?