Beckett : Wrong house.
Seeger : Welcome to LA, Detective. Now go home.
UNK: Would Montgomery really fire you?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: So we're going back to New York.
Beckett : Hell no.
Ryan : Detective Ryan.
Beckett : Hey, it's me. Can you talk?
UNK: Yeah. But Montgomery is seriously fired up.
Beckett : but you can feel free to say no.
Castle : Come on. Whatever it is, I'm saying yes.
Beckett : Her name is Violet Young.
UNK: We think whatever trouble he was into she was involved somehow.
Ryan : You think she's still in town?
UNK: Her head shot lists an acting school in New York.
Beckett : She might have friends out there. Can you see if she contacted any of them?
Ryan : You got it. I'll keep you posted.
Beckett : Great. Thank you.
Ryan : Esposito's got something. Beckett, line two.
UNK: What's up, girl? How's the weather in your world?
UNK: Sunny, chance of ass-kicking. What do you got?
UNK: I'm sending it over to you now.
UNK: And that's Neil McCauley?
Esposito : He wore the exact same clothes at JFK as he did in that alley.
Esposito : That's how we got him.
Beckett : Okay. Look, this is a long shot,
Beckett : but run facial recognition through the federal and local databases.
Ryan : You got it.
Castle : I found him.
UNK: Neil McCauley?
UNK: No. The mystery man from the photo in Violet's place.
UNK: I realized where I'd seen that building he was coming out of before.
UNK: So, I did a little Internet search and, "Bam" said the lady,
UNK: found it's the home of Kelvin North America.
UNK: Some kind of R and D facility.
UNK: Chief Executive Officer is Charles Kelvin. Guess what his hobbies are?
UNK: "Wine, corgis and surfing." Violet was studying him.
Beckett : Mr. Kelvin! Mr. Kelvin?
Beckett : Your assistant said that we could find you here.
Kelvin : This is my surf hour.
Kelvin : So whatever you have to say can wait till I'm done.
Beckett : No, it can't.
Beckett : I'm Detective Kate Beckett. This is Richard Castle.
Beckett : Do you recognize this woman?
UNK: Sure.
Kelvin : I met her in line for coffee last Friday. I asked her out.
UNK: I thought the date was going well,
UNK: till she went to the bathroom and never came back.
Kelvin : What's this all about anyway? Did something happen to her?
Castle : Does this recording mean anything to you?
Castle : Isn't that your voice?
UNK: - That bitch! - What does that mean?
UNK: That phrase is the key to our high-security vault.
Kelvin : Violet must have pieced it together from the words I said during the date.
UNK: I gotta get back to the office.
UNK: No! They're gone!
Beckett : What was in here?
Kelvin : That's proprietary information.
Castle : A bullet.
Castle : I'm guessing it dissolves.
Kelvin : How do you know about those?
Beckett : They were used in a murder.
UNK: God!
Kelvin : We created them to try to land
Kelvin : a defense contract in ultra-light ammunition.
Kelvin : The dissolving property was a complete accident.
Kelvin : Unfortunately, it rendered the bullets useless to the military.
Beckett : Yeah, but valuable to someone else.
Kelvin : How the hell did this happen?
UNK: Hey!
Ryan : Good news on Violet.
Espostio : You found her?
Ryan : Not that good. But she is alive. Or at least she was last night.
UNK: I tracked down an ex of hers.
UNK: He said she showed up on his doorstep, scared out of her mind.
Ryan : Told him she had come out from LA with Royce, but he had disappeared.
Ryan : So, the ex let her stay the night.
Ryan : Next morning, Violet was gone, so was his wallet.
Esposito : He know where she was headed?
Ryan : No. But two hours later,
UNK: a large African-American gentleman with a fondness for kidney punches
Ryan : showed up and asked that very same question.
Esposito : The driver who picked up McCauley.
UNK: Yeah, that's what I was thinking. Worked the ex over pretty good, too.
Esposito : Let's get him with a sketch artist.
Ryan : Way ahead of you, bro.
Ryan : Looks like we're not the only ones hunting for Violet.