Beckett : Where is he?
Montgomery : Turn around and go back home and let me handle this. All right?
Beckett : Sir, I've seen dead bodies before.
Castle : Come on, Kate. You don't want to remember him like this.
Beckett : Castle, if it was me lying there, would you just walk away?
Lanie : I'm so sorry, honey.
Beckett : Just tell me what happened.
Lanie : He was shot in the leg.
Lanie : Judging from the blood trail, I'd say the bullet broke the bone.
Lanie : He tried to hide, but...
Lanie : I found this in his pocket.
Lanie : He just flew in from Los Angeles this afternoon.
Castle : What was he doing in LA?
Beckett : I heard he moved there after he lost his bounty hunter's license.
Beckett : I guess he was trying to make a fresh start.
Castle : When was the last time you spoke to him?
Beckett : When I arrested him.
Beckett : Lanie, could I?
UNK: Sure.
Lanie : Royce had something else in his pocket.
Lanie : It's addressed to you.
Castle : About the case?
UNK: No.
UNK: I think we got the murder weapon.
Esposito : Found it in the garbage around the corner.
UNK: Gun was definitely fired recently.
Ryan : Shooter took the time to empty the ammo before he dumped it.
Castle : Worried we'd find fingerprints on the bullets?
Beckett : This is a cheap street gun. It's a throwaway.
Beckett : There's threading on the barrel.
Castle : - Silencer? - Yeah.
Beckett : Allowing our killer to shoot Royce in broad daylight.
Ryan : Listen, Beckett, we're gonna get this guy.
UNK: We got uniforms hitting every store and apartment in a five-block radius.
Esposito : This is New York. Somebody had to have seen something.
Beckett : LA to New York.
Beckett : It's like Royce was running from something.
Beckett : Like he knew he was in danger.
Esposito : Yo. You were right about the silencer.
Esposito : The lab found trace amounts of titanium alloy in the threads.
Esposito : They've narrowed it down to one of two commercial suppressors.
Esposito : Both run about a grand.
Castle : Why put an expensive silencer on a cheap gun?
UNK: Because our killer followed Royce from LA
Beckett : and couldn't bring his own gun on the plane.
Castle : But a silencer is just a cylinder.
Castle : It could easily be hidden in a checked bag.
UNK: Isolate all of the flights
Beckett : that someone could have followed Royce from LA on.
Beckett : There couldn't have been that many.
Beckett : And specifically focus on the people
Beckett : who might have bought tickets last minute.
UNK: Right.
Beckett : What were you into, Mike?
Ryan : Okay, so we got five flights out of LA that meet our criteria.
Ryan : I ran all the passengers and one name popped.
UNK: Neil McCauley.
Ryan : Bought his ticket at the airport an hour before the flight.
Ryan : His identity is brand new.
Ryan : No credit history and his driver's license number is a fake.
UNK: Neil McCauley. Really?
UNK: Why?
Beckett : That's our guy.
Ryan : Well, if it is, you're going to need to get on a plane.
Ryan : 'Cause Mr. McCauley flew back to LA two hours after Royce was shot.
Montgomery : You have no solid evidence linking Neil McCauley to this murder.
Castle : He came to New York for six hours.
Castle : Who flies in for that short a stay?
Montgomery : Businessmen do it all the time.
Castle : Businessmen don't use false IDs.
Beckett : Or pack a silencer?
Montgomery : That's supposition. I need a lot more than that
Montgomery : to justify flying a detective across the country.
Beckett : You and I both know that the longer I wait to go out there,
Beckett : the colder this trail gets.
Montgomery : Take a day, shore this up,
Montgomery : and if there's sufficient evidence, I'll contact LAPD.
Beckett : You'll contact the LAPD? This is my case.
Beckett : This happened in our jurisdiction.
Beckett : You think the LAPD is going to lift a finger?
Montgomery : Kate, you're too close to this!
Beckett : No, sir, I am committed. I am not compromised.
Montgomery : You're torn up!
Montgomery : Kate, things between you and Royce ended badly. I get it.
Montgomery : But that emotion is exactly why I need to assign this to someone else.
Beckett : You know what? You're right.
Beckett : I am too close to this.
Beckett : I have some vacation days coming up. I think now would be a good time.
UNK: Kate.
Montgomery : I hope you're not thinking about doing something reckless.
Beckett : No, sir.
Castle : Where are you going? - Home.
Castle : The hell you are.
UNK: Castle! Please.
Beckett : He was my training officer. My friend.
Beckett : I just... I really need to be alone right now.