Castle : A gullible young actress, desperate to make a name for herself.
Castle : She meets our mastermind at a club.
Castle : He needs a pretty girl to help him get the voice code.
Castle : He tells Violet he's a producer. Promises to make her famous
Castle : if she helps him play a practical joke on a friend.
UNK: She doesn't even realize that she's participating in a crime until afterwards.
Beckett : She can't call the cops, so she contacts Royce.
Castle : But then our Mr. McCauley finds out...
Beckett : And Royce tries to change the game.
Beckett : He goes to New York. Home field advantage.
Beckett : Classic. Classic Royce.
Beckett : I was so in awe of him, Castle. When I first met him.
Beckett : I just hung on his every word.
Beckett : And then later I realized he was just making up stories to mess with me.
Beckett : I can't believe that I'm never going to see him again.
UNK: Do you know what I thought when I first met you?
Castle : That you were a mystery I was never gonna solve.
Castle : Even now,
Castle : after spending all this time with you, I'm...
Castle : I'm still amazed at the depths of your strength,
UNK: and your heart.
UNK: And your hotness.
Beckett : You're not so bad yourself, Castle.
Beckett : I should go. It's late.
Beckett : Good night.
UNK: Kate?
Beckett : Good night, Castle.
UNK: Wow!
Castle : Somebody's up early.
UNK: Hey.
Castle : What did you pack, a murder board?
Castle : Maurice is amazing, isn't he?
Castle : I bet if I ordered the Ark of the Covenant, he'd come through.
Beckett : Wouldn't you be afraid to open it?
Castle : No, it only melts Nazis.
Castle : Is that Kelvin North America?
Beckett : Yeah, I'm trying to figure out this heist.
Beckett : Kelvin said that the last time that vault was accessed
UNK: was at 11 : 46 Tuesday night.
Castle : Well, that must be when our thieves stole the high-tech ammo.
Beckett : Eight hundred pounds worth.
Beckett : And they would have had to take it out the loading dock.
Castle : But that guard station there,
Castle : I remember seeing that when we went in.
Castle : There's no way they could get all that ammo past him
Castle : without a little insider help.
UNK: Exactly. So I called the security company.
Beckett : And they said that the only guard
Beckett : that was stationed at the loading bay that night
Beckett : was some guy named Reggie Walsh.
Castle : I feel the plot about to thicken.
Beckett : He asked to be reassigned the next day.
Beckett : Are you expecting anyone?
UNK: No.
Beckett : Hey, wait. Wait...
Castle : Detective Seeger.
Maurice : Mr. Castle. Do come in.
Seeger : Wow! Nice digs.
Seeger : Sure pays to travel with a best-selling author, huh?
Beckett : Seeger, if you're here to drive us to the airport, we're not packed yet.
Seeger : I'm here because a report crossed my desk.
Seeger : About a theft at Kelvin North America.
Seeger : Your names jumped out at me.
Seeger : Now, tell me.
UNK: What does a theft of high-tech bullets
Castle : have to do with your murder investigation?
Beckett : We're not investigating a murder anymore, remember?
Beckett : We're off the case.
UNK: Are we gonna do that dance?
Beckett : Look. We don't know any more about that theft than you do.
Castle : But if we stumble across something on our way to the airport,
UNK: we'll be sure and let you know.
Seeger : See that you do.
Montgomery : - Detective. - Goodbye.
Castle : Are you sure it's such a good idea cutting him out?
Castle : He might be able to help us.
Beckett : Castle, the only thing Seeger cares about is that robbery,
Beckett : not Royce's murder.
Beckett : What we need to do is question that guard, Reggie Walsh.
Castle : Yeah, but how? You're not a cop here, remember?
Beckett : Reggie doesn't need to know that.
UNK: Ooh.
Reggie : Like I told you, I don't know anything about a robbery.
UNK: Give me a break, Reggie. You're lying.
UNK: Raley Actor : You're a punk.
UNK: A dirty skell. A lowdown rat-bastard...
Beckett : Easy, guys.
Reggie : Yeah. I mean, we all wear the uniform, right?