Beckett : Yeah, and I just hope yours makes you look good on TV.
Reggie : What are you talking about?
UNK: The news cameras outside the precinct.
Beckett : They just love a good perp walk, Reggie.
UNK: And if you're mixed up with this,
Beckett : I'm sure you wouldn't want to be seen talking to the cops.
Beckett : So, as a courtesy,
UNK: I am going to let you cover up with my jacket.
Beckett : I wouldn't take it off before we get into the interview room.
Beckett : There might be reporters on the inside.
UNK: Okay.
Castle : In prison, you're the lowest of the low.
Reggie : I thought that was child molesters.
Castle : Yeah, well...
Castle : Dude, security guard.
Castle : And you know what they do to guys like you in Lompoc.
UNK: No.
UNK: This is a latte. Okay? I drink chai tea lattes.
Tony : How long do you have to work for me until you get that right, huh?
Beckett : We know you were at the loading bay that night.
Montgomery : All right.
Reggie : These two guys came to me.
UNK: Offered me 500 bucks to take a cigarette break at midnight.
Reggie : The only reason I went along
Reggie : is because saying no didn't really seem like an option.
Beckett : Are these the men?
Ryan : Yeah. Yeah!
Beckett : Did they give you their names?
UNK: No.
Reggie : But when they were walking away, the black guy called the other guy Ganz.
UNK: All right, guys. Thanks very much. We're done with the room.
UNK: Open door!
Lanie : What the hell?
Castle : Welcome to Hollywood.
Tony : Great scene, Ricky.
UNK: Who said you were a star? That's right, me.
Reggie : Does this mean I can leave?
Ryan : His name is Russell Ganz.
UNK: Suspected of pulling off several high-profile heists
Ryan : during the last five years,
UNK: including the theft of military-grade circuit boards in 2009.
Ryan : His multi-million dollar scores have allowed him to live like royalty.
Ryan : Fast cars. Hot women...
Beckett : Dissolving bullets would be worth a fortune for the right buyer.
Beckett : Like a gang or a drug cartel.
Beckett : Do we have an LA address for Ganz? Or any known associates?
Ryan : And it looks like most of his friends are incarcerated.
UNK: Wait. Yeah.
Ryan : Here's one that's not. Donald Mannis.
Ryan : He looks exactly like the guy hunting Violet.
Beckett : Okay. Mannis might lead us to Ganz.
Beckett : So let's get his photo to all the troops.
Ryan : Got it. I'll get back to you.
Beckett : We gotta find Ganz, fast.
Beckett : Once he fences those bullets, he's gonna disappear.
Castle : Don't worry. The guy likes the perks of wealth.
UNK: I know just the guy to help us find him.
Maurice : Mr. Ganz is well known within my network.
Maurice : He's a frequent guest at our city's five-star hotels.
Beckett : Do you actually know where he is?
UNK: At a poolside cabana at the Eastway.
Maurice : He enjoys being surrounded by beautiful women
Maurice : as he conducts business on the phone.
Maurice : Which, according to a poolside waiter, he's doing as we speak.
Castle : Maurice, thank you very much. You never fail to amaze.
Maurice : My pleasure, sir. Ma'am.
Beckett : Okay, so if Ganz is doing business poolside,
Beckett : he's probably trying to find a buyer for those bullets.
Beckett : If I can put him with those bullets, I can prove he killed Royce.
UNK: But don't you think it's time we called the LAPD?
Beckett : I think I have a better idea.
UNK: It's time for a celebration.
UNK: Set it up with another, will you, Max?