UNK: Gene Simmons : Yeah, the guy with the long tongue and everything...
UNK: Hello. Who's this pretty little lady?
Beckett : I'm Detective Kate Beckett, NYPD.
UNK: Gene Simmons : Is Mike in trouble?
Beckett : Actually, he was murdered.
UNK: Gene Simmons : That's terrible.
Castle : How did you know him exactly?
UNK: Gene Simmons : Well, I got into trouble a few months back.
UNK: Gene Simmons : And Royce helped me out, I helped him.
UNK: Gene Simmons : And I've been letting him live in my guest house.
Beckett : So you're saying he was in the business of helping people in trouble?
UNK: Gene Simmons : He was pretty good at it.
Castle : Was he helping anyone lately?
UNK: Gene Simmons : Well, there was a girl. She came by two days ago.
UNK: Gene Simmons : Really beautiful. Stunning.
Castle : This girl. Do you remember her name?
Beckett : You know what? She dropped off a head shot.
UNK: Gene Simmons : If you give me a chance I'll go find it.
Beckett : Thank you.
Castle : This is so weird.
UNK: What?
Castle : I've dressed up as him for Halloween.
Beckett : I did, too.
Castle : Violet Young. A smoking-hot wannabe starlet
Beckett : What kind of trouble would an actress be in
Beckett : that would scare Royce into running?
Beckett : What are you doing?
Beckett : What are you doing?
UNK: I'm gonna get a hold of Violet's agent, see if I can find out where she is.
Esposito : Yo, Ryan, what's up?
Ryan : We got lucky.
Ryan : Kids were tagging that building across from the alley,
Ryan : so the owner put up a camera.
Ryan : There's our shooter.
UNK: We can't see his face, or the license plate number.
Ryan : But you can see the driver's arm.
Esposito : Black guy. Ebony to our killer's ivory.
UNK: You still got that friend at TSA?
Esposito : Yeah, why?
Ryan : Maybe they'll share surveillance footage of the security checkpoint
Ryan : that our shooter went through.
UNK: The guy was in town for six hours, right?
Ryan : There's a chance that he's wearing the same clothes at the airport
Ryan : that he's wearing in our video.
Esposito : Which might get us a look at his face.
Beckett : So Violet's shooting a commercial at Zenith Studios.
Castle : It's kismet!
Beckett : Violet's commercial shoot's on stage seven.
UNK: Rick Castle! I cannot believe we finally got you out here.
UNK: Tony, you money-grubbing bastard.
Castle : How's filming?
UNK: You're kidding me? It's awesome, buddy.
Tony : You keep writing them, we'll keep making them.
Castle : Tony, I want you to meet Kate Beckett.
Castle : This is the inspiration for Nikki Heat.
Tony : Wow. With your looks, honey, you could be an actress.
Beckett : I'm completely comfortable being a cop. I'm going to go and look for Violet.
Beckett : - It was nice to meet you. - You, too.
Tony : She's hot.
Tony : No wonder your sex scenes are so steamy.
Castle : So, where's our Nikki Heat? Natalie Rhodes.
UNK: What?
UNK: Natalie's having some personal issues.
Castle : What kind of personal issues?
Tony : Let's just say there was a slight mix-up with one of her prescriptions.
Castle : She's in rehab?
Tony : Hey! You did not hear that from me.
Tony : Yeah, that's what I said. This is your creator, Richard Castle.
UNK: Ochoa Actor : Yo. Big fan, bro.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: Raley Actor : I've read all your books.
UNK: Raley Actor : If you have time, I'd love to talk about my motivation.
Castle : What do you mean?
UNK: Raley Actor : I mean, what's my character's inner life? Why do I do what I do?
Castle : You're a cop. So it's your job.
Beckett : Castle. Violet didn't show up to work today. I just talked to her agent.
Beckett : He said there's no way she would've missed this commercial.
UNK: This was a huge break for her...
Beckett : I've got her address.
Castle : You think she's in trouble?
Beckett : Yeah, or worse.
UNK: You guys on a job?
Ryan : Yeah. Yeah.