UNK: Hi.
UNK: Flight Attendant : Excuse me. Detective Beckett?
UNK: Yes.
UNK: Flight Attendant : You've been upgraded to first class.
Beckett : I'm sorry. Excuse me. Sorry about that.
UNK: Flight Attendant : - Seat 3-C. - Thank you.
UNK: Champagne?
Beckett : Castle, what are you doing?
UNK: Well, the studio's been after me for weeks
Castle : Imagine my surprise when I saw your name on the standby list.
Beckett : You cannot be a part of what I'm going to do out there.
Castle : I thought you were on vacation.
UNK: Castle,
Beckett : it is one thing for you to follow me when we're in New York,
UNK: but I'm not a cop in LA,
Beckett : I don't have any authority, or backup.
Castle : I'll be your backup.
Castle : Besides, going rogue is kind of my specialty.
Beckett : Yeah, but subtlety isn't.
UNK: I'm not gonna get rid of you, am I?
Beckett : Okay, look. If we do this together,
Beckett : you have to promise me that we're gonna fly under the radar.
Castle : Of course.
UNK: Is this what you call "under the radar"?
Castle : In LA this baby fits right in.
Castle : So what's our first stop?
Beckett : My hotel. It's on Ventura Boulevard.
Castle : That's all the way in the Valley.
Castle : How are we supposed to work together if you're an hour away?
Beckett : Castle, we weren't supposed to work together at all.
Castle : Okay, look. The studio comped me a two-bedroom four-star suite.
Castle : You just stay with me.
Beckett : Yeah, right.
Castle : What? You'll have your own room.
Beckett : No. I am not staying with you.
Castle : Worried you can't control yourself when we're alone.
Beckett : Actually, it's not me that I'm worried about.
UNK: I assure you, my intentions are pure.
Maurice : We're so happy to have you back, Mr. Castle.
Maurice : I've taken the liberty of setting up the suite just the way you like it.
Beckett : Thank you.
Maurice : And I've scheduled a couple's massage at 7 : 00.
Beckett : Pure, huh?
Castle : Maurice, you can go ahead and cancel that.
Castle : And get rid of the flowers and the champagne.
Castle : We're here to work.
Maurice : Very good, sir.
Beckett : For you.
Castle : Thank you, Maurice.
Castle : The last time I was here, I brought this Parisian supermodel,
Castle : so he thought...
Castle : It's not important. Would you like to choose your room?
Beckett : No. I'd like to start the investigation.
Castle : We haven't even ordered room service yet.
Beckett : Castle, I'm not here for room service, I'm here for justice.
UNK: Wow.
Castle : In LA for all of a minute and already she's spouting cheesy movie dialogue.
Castle : Must be something in the air.
UNK: This is Royce's place?
UNK: This is the address listed on his driver's license.
Castle : Did I miss the part where you told me he was rich?
Beckett : No. He was barely scraping by.
Castle : Yeah, I'm a friend of Mike Royce's.
UNK: Jerry, I cannot help you out, I'm sorry.
UNK: You gotta go without... Yeah.
UNK: I gotta go. Hello.
UNK: Whoa! You're Gene Simmons.
UNK: Gene Simmons : Yeah, I'm that weird guy in KISS.