Ryan : Yes, sir.
Ganz : I appreciate a woman who knows how to make an entrance.
Ganz : Are you staying at the hotel?
Beckett : No, I'm meeting someone.
Ganz : Business or pleasure?
Beckett : Hopefully a bit of both,
Maurice : Mr. Ganz.
Beckett : I'm Lola Black. Please, sit.
Ganz : What can I do for you, Ms. Black?
Beckett : I represent a small but powerful group of Colombian business interests.
UNK: And they understand that you're in possession of some
Beckett : unique merchandise.
UNK: I'm afraid you got me confused with someone else.
Beckett : I don't think so.
Beckett : That business in New York, that ex-cop?
Beckett : It was a very effective product demonstration.
Beckett : My offer is serious,
Beckett : and my clients are not accustomed to hearing the word "no."
UNK: Well,
Ganz : bidding on that particular item closed about 20 minutes ago.
UNK: Better luck next time.
UNK: Wait...
Beckett : Two million.
Beckett : I can have it here within an hour.
Ganz : I'm impressed, actually, the way you lured me in.
Ganz : You had me guessing there for a second.
UNK: And what's that supposed to mean?
Ganz : It means you're a cop.
UNK: You're the hottest thing I've seen
Ganz : come out of Major Crimes in quite some time.
Ganz : But you're a little too eager. A little green.
Ganz : Nice meeting you, Lola.
Beckett : God, Castle.
Castle : So, what happened?
Beckett : I was trying to keep him from seeing you
Beckett : and so I pushed too hard and he made me.
Beckett : He called me green, Castle. What the hell were you doing?
Castle : I saw his phone in the cabana. I thought it was worth the risk.
Beckett : - You took his phone? - No!
Castle : No, I took a picture of his recent call list.
Beckett : What? Where is it?
UNK: Don't... Don't poke me.
UNK: Poke you? I wanna kiss you.
Beckett : Okay, we need to run down these numbers,
UNK: see if we can trace one of them to Ganz's buyer.
Castle : Okay, now can we call Seeger?
Montgomery : Gentlemen, where are we with Violet Young?
UNK: I just got off the phone with her mother.
UNK: She said she remembers Violet having a roommate
Esposito : who lives near Canal Street.
UNK: We're gonna head over there and see if Violet reached out to her.
Montgomery : Well, let me know.
Ryan : - Yeah. - Right.
UNK: Hey. You heard from Beckett?
Beckett : No, sir.
Ryan : Yeah, me, neither.
Montgomery : She's not answering her cell.
Esposito : Maybe she's airborne.
Ryan : Yeah, that would explain her phone being turned off.