Beckett : You guys look great.
Beckett : That is just creepy.
UNK: Totally.
UNK: Mmm-mmm.
UNK: Hey!
Lanie : What are you doing here?
Esposito : I was in the neighborhood.
Esposito : I thought I'd stop by and see if those bullets you pulled out of Royce
Esposito : were ready to go over to Ballistics.
UNK: I got a friend there who'll make sure they get processed right away.
Lanie : Wait, wait.
UNK: Is your "friend" that top-heavy tramp in reception?
UNK: What? You know I only have eyes for you. I don't even...
UNK: And you know I have easy access to sharp objects.
Lanie : What the hell?
Esposito : Are those the bullets?
Lanie : Yeah. They're dissolving.
Castle : I mean, ice bullets I've heard of. But dissolving bullets?
Beckett : Violet? Violet Young?
Castle : You'd think somebody on my conspiracy websites
UNK: would've mentioned them.
UNK: I don't think Violet's home.
UNK: Yeah.
Castle : You sure this is okay?
Beckett : No, it is not okay. It is actually completely
UNK: illegal.
UNK: Hello?
UNK: Violet?
Castle : I don't smell a dead body.
Beckett : She's not here.
UNK: No. She's not.
Castle : She's in New York.
Beckett : This was Royce's flight. Okay, so they flew together.
Beckett : He probably knew that they were in trouble
Beckett : and he tried to protect her by taking her to New York.
Castle : Protect her from what?
Beckett : Maybe from this.
Beckett : Surveillance photos.
Beckett : What would she be doing with surveillance photos?
Castle : Maybe Royce was doing some kind of PI work for her.
Castle : The building this guy's coming out of looks familiar.
UNK: She has articles on corgis, on surfing, wine tasting...
Beckett : How does any of this add up?
Castle : Maybe she was researching a role.
Beckett : And what role would that be?
Castle : What does any of it have to do with Royce?
Castle : Cops, cops.
UNK: Photo... Okay.
UNK: Okay, go.
UNK: Lapd Uniform : LAPD! Don't move!
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: Kyle Seeger : Afternoon. Kyle Seeger. Robbery-Homicide.
Beckett : Look, Kyle, this is a misunderstanding.
Seeger : Meaning you didn't pick the lock or illegally enter this house?
Castle : Meaning she's NYPD.
Seeger : I know who you are, Detective.
Seeger : And while I can appreciate your loss,
Seeger : I can't have you and your offbeat sidekick
Seeger : running around my town committing felonies
Seeger : in some misguided quest for justice.
Beckett : Are you arresting us?
Seeger : Much worse.
Seeger : Somebody wants to have a word with you.
Seeger : You're on speaker, sir.
Beckett : Sir, I can explain.
Montgomery : No, you cannot.
Montgomery : What you can do is get your ass on the next plane out.
Castle : We have a dinner reservation at Spago.
Castle : Is the morning okay?
Montgomery : This is all a big joke to you, isn't it, Castle?
Montgomery : Both of you.
Montgomery : Come home now.
Seeger : Wow. That was awkward.
UNK: Unless there's something else, I think we should go now.
Seeger : Hey, one last thing.
Seeger : Did you find what you were looking for?