UNK: Yes.
Thirteen : Remy Hadley. I also answer to 13.
Thirteen : I sometimes sleep with you.
Charlotte : I know I should have called.
Foreman : I just need some time.
UNK: Alone?
Foreman : I've worked through a lot of bad stuff in my life,
Foreman : always done it solo.
Thirteen : So I should go?
Cuddy : I'm sorry.
UNK: Okay.
Cuddy : IT's been trying to close out Kutner's email account.
Cuddy : Apparently, someone's still logged on to it.
House : Wasn't hard to figure out that his password was "Kutner."
House : He did what they tell you not to.
Cuddy : He wasn't murdered. But his parents were.
House : And the guy who killed them is coming up for parole.
Cuddy : He's coming up for parole, he's not out on parole.
House : Kutner testified at every one of his hearings.
House : Guy wouldn't be the first to see the clock ticking...
Cuddy : He was killed by his own gun.
House : Which he bought years ago, obviously for self-defense.
Cuddy : In the temple, cops found residue. Right.
UNK: A murderer would never try to make it look like suicide, that'd be unethical.
House : You haven't asked about my patient.
Cuddy : You're waiting on AAT protein results.
House : Means you checked up to see that I'm still on it.
UNK: You want to transfer the case,
House : but you won't because you think it's the only thing that's holding me together.
UNK: Well, relax.
House : Either I'm right or I'm wrong.
House : We'll know soon enough.
Cuddy : Find what's killing your patient,
Cuddy : and then I'll find you another patient.
Taub : What happened? Nurses found her like this.
Thirteen : She broke into the cart, injected whatever she could grab.
Thirteen : Dumb way to look worse for Eddie.
Taub : She wasn't trying to look worse.
Taub : She was trying to kill herself.
House : she's dead in 24 hours if she doesn't get a new liver.
Taub : It was selfless. She loves him.
House : How does that disagree with what I just said?
Thirteen : Test was negative for AAT deficiency.
Thirteen : Myelofibrosis fits, but testing takes at least 48 hours.
Taub : We should try a partial donation from a live donor.
Thirteen : Damage is too severe. She needs a whole new liver.
Taub : No diagnosis, no liver. No liver, no living.
House : What do you know?
House : It is myelofibrosis.
House : Says so right here.
House : Who wants to tell Cuddy?
Thirteen : How many times have you lied to the transplant committee?
House : Just twice.
Thirteen : How many times has it worked?
House : I don't quite see how that's relevant.
House : Cheese it, it's the coppers.
UNK: We're not just gonna leave them to die while you fixate on Kutner.
UNK: Technically, he's not our patient,
House : so I'm really only leaving her to die.
Taub : We've already explored the usual options,
Taub : shouldn't we at least explore unusual ones?
UNK: Absolutely. Don't worry, this is why God gave me two ears.
Taub : Kutner would say we should just come clean with Cuddy.