Foreman : Must have been scary,
Foreman : going through a trauma, and then being handed off to a new family.
UNK: Julia Kutner : We kept telling him to call us Richard and Julia,
UNK: Julia Kutner : but it was always Mr. And Mrs. Kutner.
UNK: Then, on his ninth birthday, we gave him a chemistry set.
UNK: Julia Kutner : Lawrence always loved blowing things up.
UNK: Julia Kutner : And he said, "Thanks, Mom. Thanks, Dad."
UNK: Julia Kutner : That's who we were from then on.
Thirteen : He was pretty special. We were lucky to have him.
UNK: Julia Kutner : You spent the most time with him.
UNK: Julia Kutner : He spoke so highly of all of you.
UNK: Julia Kutner : Do you have any idea...
UNK: I wish we did.
Foreman : We all... - It was his name.
House : He was conflicted. Didn't know where he fit in.
House : Being ripped out of his world and stuck into yours.
UNK: Julia Kutner : We encouraged him to hold on to his heritage.
House : It's hard to still be Lawrence Choudhary
House : when everyone sees you as Lawrence Kutner.
UNK: Julia Kutner : It was his idea to take our name.
House : You should have said no. House.
House : All his Anglo name gave him was the illusion that he was someone he wasn't.
House : You were being emotional, not rational.
House : You didn't understand him.
UNK: Richard Kutner : We loved that boy, you son of a bitch.
House : You wanted to make him happy by shutting out his pain.
House : When he looked happy, you assumed the pain had gone,
UNK: but it just got buried deeper,
House : leaving him tormented about who he was, until finally he put a bullet...
UNK: House.
Foreman : Go back to the hospital.
Cuddy : I'm sorry about your son.
Taub : Indomethacin had no effect, she's still in pain. Rules out polyserositis.
Taub : I ran a hormone panel on Eddie.
Taub : His prolactin's above normal.
UNK: Means he's actually improving.
Taub : Body chemistry changes for all sorts of reasons.
Taub : Stress, fear, why not love?
Taub : Maybe he's going into some sort of remission.
House : You haven't asked if I learned anything relevant from the Kutners.
Taub : If you had, I'm sure you'd have mentioned it.
UNK: Or you're just afraid there is something relevant,
House : which would mean you could have saved him.
Taub : I don't buy that suicide is always a cry for help.
Taub : Sometimes you just don't want help.
House : Good thing you got some,
House : or you'd have tried again and gotten it right.
Taub : She doesn't have Wegener's.
Taub : Kidney function's normal.
Taub : It's not byssinosis, it's not mitral valve stenosis.
Taub : Nothing fits.
House : If it doesn't fit any diagnosis,
UNK: that just leaves one diagnosis.
House : I'm Dr. House.
House : You have hypertrophic cardiomyopathy.
House : His heart is too weak, yours is too strong.
House : Good news is it's fixable.
House : We induce a massive heart attack and kill off the extra muscle.
UNK: You want to give me a heart attack?
House : It's only dangerous if your heart is normal-sized.
House : But since all the... Are you serious?
UNK: No.
House : This is actually very annoying, and I'm getting really bored
House : of lying to patients to scare them
House : into telling me the truth. She's faking.
House : And, yes, if she keeps faking,
House : I'm going to eventually do something that will kill her.
Eddie : How could she be... The windpipe thing?
House : That was real. The treatment made her better.
House : But good for her was bad for you, which was bad for her,
House : so she made herself bad. It's all so simple.
House : She figured that the sicker she was, the longer you'd hang on.
UNK: Charlotte?