Eddie : And when I get hit by a car and show up in your morgue,
Eddie : you can give her my liver then.
Thirteen : You're basically asking us to commit murder.
House : I was yesterday, too.
Thirteen : There's a difference when he has 20 years to live instead of two days.
House : Not really, not legally.
Thirteen : That's your way of convincing us to do this,
Thirteen : by saying it's no more immoral?
House : The idiot is gonna do this with or without us.
House : This way, we can protect the organ.
Thirteen : We should be protecting him.
House : So we strap him to the bed, wait till his wife dies?
Thirteen : I'm not doing this.
House : I will.
Taub : We've already had one pointless death.
UNK: Eddie? What's going on?
Taub : I don't know. He just came and got me.
Taub : Your husband has a curable disease,
Taub : but he wants to die so he can give you his liver.
Taub : Are you okay with that, or would you rather he take the treatment?
UNK: Richard Kutner : You son of a bitch.
Charlotte : Eddie, don't.
Mother : You have to let me do this.
UNK: Charlotte, can you hear me?
Taub : She spiked a fever. LP shows her white cells through the roof.
Taub : She's infected everywhere.
House : I should fire you.
UNK: I just did what you failed to do.
Taub : Convince Eddie to live and let his wife die.
Thirteen : Infection means we have a new clue.
House : And a full two or three hours to figure it out.
UNK: Sarcoidosis. Hits the spleen and the liver.
House : She'd have lung issues.
UNK: Scleroderma inflames the tissue.
House : No skin or GI problems.
House : What is she hiding?
Taub : You don't know that...
House : Either we have all the clues and we're idiots
House : or we don't have all the clues.
Thirteen : Possible exposure. People, places.
UNK: Both.
House : Bad lie.
House : Did you really think the beaches in Hawaii
House : were just like the beaches in Rio?
UNK: The disease-bearing sand flies are completely different.
Eddie : She's never been to Rio.
House : Who'd you go with?
Charlotte : Why are you doing this?
House : I don't actually need to know who it was,
House : I just need to know that you went,
House : so we can know that you have visceral leishmaniasis.
House : But since Lancelot there was ready to die for you,
House : he might want the answer to both.
Charlotte : Last year.
UNK: It was nobody you knew.
Charlotte : Rio was supposed to be ours.
Charlotte : I got tired of waiting.
Charlotte : I'm so sorry.
House : Start her on antimony.
House : Have Cuddy find her a liver.
UNK: They were all ready to die.
House : But for guilt, not love.
Taub : You can't feel that much guilt without love.
Cuddy : New York Mercy's medevacing a liver. It should be here...
Taub : Tell them to turn around. Charlotte's treatment isn't taking.
Taub : We diagnosed it too late.
Cuddy : Everyone's heading over to Kutner's funeral.
Cuddy : You're welcome to ride with me.
House : I'm going to stay with Charlotte.
Cuddy : She bought you some time to save Eddie,
Cuddy : it'll give her death some meaning.
Taub : No, it won't.
Wilson : I was wrong about you. No, you weren't.
Wilson : You're in pain.
House : And you're romanticizing. Again.
Wilson : You worked with him every day for two years,
Wilson : and you never saw this coming.
House : No one saw it coming.
Wilson : But you see everything coming.
Wilson : This has never been about what you missed,
Wilson : this is about why you missed it.
Wilson : You're terrified that you're losing your gift, losing who you are.
Wilson : And I'm terrified of what you'd do then.
House : Unless you feel there's more to do here to cure me,
House : don't you have the funeral to go to?