Charlotte : We haven't been this close for years.
Charlotte : I wanted to hang on to that.
House : Oh, please.
House : People hate reruns.
Charlotte : It's my leg. I swear, this is real.
UNK: Do you pinky swear or you just plain swear, because...
Eddie : How can she fake that?
House : She can't.
House : So, what can shred an epiglottis and make muscle disappear?
UNK: Julia Kutner : Mr. And Mrs. Kutner.
Foreman : They caused Kutner's death, why not Charlotte's?
House : Mourning period's over. Foreman's sense of irony is back.
House : I was wrong about the ethnic reason.
House : Step one, change your name back.
House : Step two, if step one fails, move to Bangalore.
UNK: Step 14, if step 13 doesn't work, kill yourself.
Foreman : So, what now? You gonna insult your way through his rolodex
Foreman : till you find someone with an answer?
House : I've been polite to the friends I've called, all of whom were useless.
Thirteen : They weren't useless, they just didn't know anything more than we did.
UNK: Tomato, tomato.
Taub : MS. Weakens myelin sheath, compromises nerve conduction.
Taub : I'm talking about Charlotte, the one who's still alive.
House : You two, stick her in an MRI, confirm MS,
House : and you, run the echo on Eddie
House : that you're planning to do behind my back
House : to see if his heart's improving.
House : Did you let me hire a pervert?
UNK: Well, it'd be hypocritical of me not to.
House : Kutner's police background check from when he started.
House : He was charged with indecent exposure.
Cuddy : Kutner streaked at the Penn-Dartmouth football game.
Cuddy : Precisely the kind of thing you'd expect him to do.
Charlotte : It's okay.
Cuddy : You should be upset.
Cuddy : He thought like you, pushed boundaries like you.
House : If he thought like me,
UNK: he'd have known that living in misery
House : sucks marginally less than dying in it.
Thirteen : Just a few more minutes, then we'll get you back to Eddie.
Thirteen : What's it like, 30 years with the same man?
Charlotte : Great for me, good for him, I hope.
UNK: What, you don't think he loves you?
Charlotte : I think he always loved me, in his way.
Thirteen : Why did you stay?
Charlotte : I didn't need him to feel about me the way I did about him.
UNK: Charlotte?
Eddie : I've heard stories of cancer patients
Taub : going into spontaneous remission.
Eddie : You think this might be that sort of thing?
Taub : It's unlikely, but you never know.
Eddie : If I just had a little more time to be with Charlotte.
Eddie : Try and do better by her.
Taub : Yeah, maybe.
Cuddy : You don't think I mean it.
Charlotte : I think you mean it now.
Taub : I think it's much easier to mean it than to do anything about it.
Taub : Chamber walls are barely moving. I'm sorry.