Cuddy : He needs a friend.
Wilson : I can't deal with this and House.
Cuddy : You need a friend, too.
Wilson : You couldn't give a crap what I need,
Wilson : you just want someone to take care of him.
Cuddy : He told Kutner's parents it was their fault.
Chase : Ruptured spleen. Means it's not MS.
Chase : What are you doing here?
Chase : I'll do it. Go home.
Taub : And Kutner wasn't my friend.
Chase : Okay, either you're a cold-hearted bastard,
Chase : or you're too miserable to face it.
Chase : Go home and cry.
Nurse : It's not rheumatoid arthritis, her liver's scarred.
Chase : Whatever she's got, it's spreading.
Wilson : For the record,
Wilson : I'm uncomfortable violating a dead colleague's dignity.
House : It's only violating if we find something.
House : Good to see you.
Chase : What are we looking for?
House : He was hiding.
UNK: Why?
Wilson : Shame? Fear? Are you okay?
Charlotte : It's okay not to be okay.
House : "Colonial Warrior Blaster. Number 101."
House : He spent months tracking this down.
House : He had passions.
Wilson : He was obviously in pain.
Wilson : Does it really matter why?
House : He hung the bad with the good.
House : His loss beside a reminder of what he'd gained.
House : Means he was open about the pain.
House : Should mean that if it got worse, he had no reason to hide it.
UNK: Here's how we're gonna handle this, House.
Wilson : We're going to leave here and go to the closest bar and drink,
Wilson : tell stories about the time Kutner almost blew up an OR,
Wilson : and pass out in our own sick.
Wilson : Sound like a plan?
House : What am I missing?
House : You've got that look.
House : You figured this out.
Wilson : You're not here because you care about Kutner.
Wilson : You're here because it's a mystery.
Wilson : You're here for the puzzle.
House : What if I didn't miss anything because there's nothing to miss?
House : He didn't kill himself.
House : He was murdered.
UNK: Epiglottis, muscle, spleen, and now her liver,
Taub : which is operating at 20% and deteriorating fast.
UNK: Autoimmune hepatitis? Did you page Foreman?
UNK: He took up Cuddy's offer of time off.
House : Normal thyroid means no hepatitis.
Taub : Could be amyloidosis. Amyloid build-up hits the organs, tissue...
House : Her muscles wouldn't have atrophied.
House : You run the echo on the husband?
Taub : Heart's still failing. The improvement was only temporary.
UNK: I prefer the less subtle answer.
UNK: "You were right, House."
UNK: So, less time proving why hubby isn't dead,
UNK: more time proving why Kutner is.
UNK: Motives for murder.
Thirteen : House, it was a suicide.
Thirteen : The police have already investigated.
House : They investigated what they saw, not what they didn't saw.
House : Talk to friends, classmates, pizza delivery guy. Draft Foreman.
House : He can make calls through his tears.
UNK: No.
House : Is that, "No, I'm not calling my boyfriend
UNK: "who apparently called my boss instead of me to say he wasn't coming in"?
House : 'Cause it's really not fair to have that much subtext in one syllable.
Thirteen : We all want to know why Kutner did it,
Thirteen : but we're not gonna waste time chasing ghosts.
Wilson : You're not remotely curious?
Taub : Only why a man who embraces the rational
Taub : is suddenly pursuing the irrational.
House : She could have Alpha 1-antitrypsin deficiency.
House : Run her AAT proteins.