Kutner : Perforated intestine.
Kutner : If this thing started as normal bacteria living in the intestines,
Kutner : but got into a blood vessel
Kutner : through a vascular anomaly in the bowel wall,
Kutner : then they would affect every organ through the bloodstream.
Kutner : Screws up everything. For everyone.
House : Okay, it's a long shot. It is possible I'm an ass.
UNK: Ironically, we need to do a colonoscopy to confirm.
Taub : We checked Apple inside and out when she came in. She's clean.
Kutner : Anomaly would have to be intermittent
Kutner : or they all would have died within a day.
UNK: If she starts getting abdominal pains, shove a tube up her rear
House : before it can get away.
UNK: And test anyone else with stomach pain.
Thirteen : Everyone else is dead.
House : Not everyone.
UNK: The one thing this donor gave to each of these people was his DNA.
House : Anyone else have his DNA?
Apple : You want to do a colonoscopy on a healthy four-year-old?
House : She has a tummy ache.
House : If Kutner's right, it's not a tummy ache.
House : It's a fatal brain or heart or lung or liver or pancreas ache.
UNK: O'shea : I'm not gonna scare the hell out of the poor kid's mom
Thirteen : because of a long-shot corollary to a long-shot theory.
House : Fine. Tell her the truth. Then ask if Daddy knows who the real daddy is.
Mom : Does she have to be awake?
Thirteen : We need her to tell us when it hurts.
Thirteen : She'll get over it.
Apple : Your husband might not have.
House : What if a kid wants ice cream?
Lucas : Sign outside says "closed."
Lucas : Dr. O'Shea's not right for you.
House : What did you find out?
Taub : Why are you investigating him?
UNK: Because I need to know if he lends money interest-free.
House : What did you find out?
UNK: Child's Voice : I want some ice cream.
Lucas : Not until you learn to read!
Lucas : You're supposed to trust friends.
House : I don't know the guy. I've got no logical reason...
UNK: To be his friend? Have you never seen an Afterschool Special?
UNK: That is part of the pleasure of friendship.
UNK: Trusting without absolute evidence,
UNK: and then being rewarded for that trust.
House : You're taking pictures of a guy
UNK: who's having an affair with his own sister
House : and you're lecturing me about the rewards of trust?
Lucas : There are two types of people that hire me.
Lucas : No, actually, there are three types of people that hire me,
Lucas : but the third type's irrelevant to the point I want to make.
House : Do you have a special rate plan for being a pain in the ass?
Lucas : One type wants to find out that they're right,
Lucas : one type wants to find out that they're wrong.
House : Which type am I?
Lucas : You're the third type.
House : You lead with the irrelevant types?
Lucas : You're the type who doesn't care if you're right or wrong
Lucas : because they've hired me to investigate the wrong person.
House : That's an actual type?
Lucas : You want me to check out Wilson.
Lucas : You want to find out if he's...
House : How do you know about Wilson?
Lucas : What do I do for a living?
UNK: You've been checking me out?
House : Have I been paying for that?
Lucas : So far you haven't paid for anything.
Lucas : You want to find out if he's pining.
Lucas : You want to find out if there's something about him
Lucas : that will tell you he's going to come back.
Lucas : Or something you can use to make him come back.
House : Is there?
House : No. No, there's nothing. Sorry.
Lucas : That will be $900.
House : I gotta go. I'll get you a check.
Kutner : Colonoscopy was clean.
House : Then that just leaves cancer.
Foreman : The fact that the kid's colonoscopy was negative
Foreman : doesn't prove anything.
House : Yes, the fact that it didn't prove anything
House : didn't prove anything. Excellent point.
Foreman : We don't know if the kid inherited anything.
Foreman : Even if she did, Kutner's theory is that the thing's intermittent.
Kutner : The opening would have to be open shortly before death.
UNK: Unfortunately, we can't know when shortly before death is
House : until shortly after death, and that seems like an obstacle.
Kutner : What if there was a way around that?
House : Then we're kind of all sweating over nothing.
Kutner : Not around death, around death as an obstacle.
Kutner : We need to see his colon at work.
Forman : You do know what "death" means, right?
Kutner : Without a living system,
Kutner : there's not enough pressure to get fluid all the way up.
Kutner : Life, we can't create, yet, but pressure's easy.
Kutner : We use the same high-pressure water jet
Kutner : we use to test cardiac workload.
Kutner : I mean, he's not gonna be awake to tell us where it hurts, but...
UNK: That's not gonna... Do it.