UNK: Yeah, they look identical.
Chase : You switched her meds?
Chase : Close her back up.
Chase : There's no reason.
Surgeon : We're ready with the neural net.
Lucas : Is that someone's brain?
UNK: Except for the part that isn't brain.
Lucas : Hey, that's the patient I...
Lucas : You said she'd be fine.
House : I'm a better liar than you are.
Lucas : I swapped her meds.
Kutner : I mean, she's got a brain problem?
UNK: I could have killed her. Yeah.
Surgeon : The neural net will show us how fast her neurons are firing.
Lucas : If there's something in the way, say brain that's not brain,
UNK: her normal neural impulses will be sucked into a vortex,
House : because they're unable to do their job.
House : The computer will then process it,
House : give us a picture of where to cut.
UNK: Cool.
House : Excuse me?
Lucas : Sorry, I thought that's what you wanted to hear.
Lucas : You think all this is amazingly cool and you have no one else,
UNK: so you're paying a guy to listen.
Lucas : Sorry, just trying to save you some cash.
House : I'm on the clock?
Lucas : Yeah, why wouldn't you be?
Lucas : You think this is interesting to me?
House : I see it. Can you get it?
Surgeon : I think so.
House : Turns out you didn't kill her.
Lucas : Cool. You owe me $5,000.
Apple : Why are you just standing there, Dr. House?
House : How'd you know who it is?
Apple : I can smell you.
UNK: Yeah, like you're a field of roses.
House : Peppermint tea.
UNK: You ever hear of the boy who cried wolf?
House : Never really bought that.
House : I don't care how often a kid cries he's being eaten by a wolf,
House : Mom's gonna come running.
House : The world is ugly.
House : People kill, they go hungry.
House : Just proving a point.
House : People are asses.
Apple : Why are you telling me this stuff?
UNK: Because the world isn't as ugly as you think it is.
House : Your transplanted cornea is fine, your eye is fine,
House : but your brain wasn't working right.
House : I'm gonna take the gauze off your eyes now.
House : It's gonna be bright. I know.
House : The brain cells that weren't brain cells
House : were in the way of processing visual information correctly.
House : After the transplant, you could see, but not see.
Apple : I could see, I could read.
House : Yeah, but it was dull, or foggy, or gray. I don't know.
House : What I do know is that you were not seeing
House : what everyone else was seeing.
Apple : And now? Things are gonna be
UNK: beautiful?
House : Things will be what they are.
House : How do I look?
Apple : You look sad.
UNK: Hey.
House : Is there any way I could put you on retainer?