Taub : I didn't say...
UNK: Frank's Wife : You said it was extremely risky. What does "extremely" mean?
UNK: Please.
UNK: Frank's Wife : I'm sorry. I can't.
Apple : I have a husband.
Apple : I have a two-year-old daughter. Her name is Julia.
Apple : You'd be saving her mother.
UNK: Frank's Wife : I think you're lying.
UNK: Frank's Wife : You haven't had one visitor, not one phone call since you've been here.
UNK: Frank's Wife : Does she have a child?
UNK: No, but her life is still worth...
UNK: Frank's Wife : More than my husband's?
Apple : I lied to save my life. Wouldn't you?
UNK: Frank's Wife : Not at another human being's expense.
UNK: No, you just rob me of my only chance
Apple : so your husband can struggle to breathe for a few more days.
UNK: Frank's Wife : Just shut up! I don't want to hear...
UNK: Ladies... ...from you anymore.
Apple : You want to hate me... Shut up!
Apple : ...so you won't feel guilty. Frank!
Taub : Give me a scalpel. Frank!
Taub : He's coding.
UNK: Clear.
UNK: Clear.
UNK: Clear.
UNK: Frank! Clear.
UNK: Clear.
UNK: Clear.
House : Did you get the consent? No.
House : Tell Foreman to get it. Old people are scared of black people.
Taub : It won't matter. Patient's dead.
UNK: Save the brain. I don't need consent for an autopsy.
House : Well, at best, we're gonna bat one for six on this one.
Taub : Thin slices through the parietal
Taub : and temporal lobes were clean.
UNK: Occipital and frontotemporal regions were also...
House : Brain's clean. Moving on.
Thirteen : To where? We've gone from making no sense to making less sense,
UNK: and then taking a step backwards.
Taub : Each of these people were killed by one thing that attacked one organ.
Taub : But never the same organ.
Kutner : Could the donor have had two things wrong?
Taub : Or six things wrong?
House : Metabolic diseases specialize, everything else specializes, but cancer plays the field.
Foreman : You're back to cancer?
House : Metastasis is just a fancy word for "screws around."
Taub : Any type of cancer? I don't know.
Foreman : There would be evidence of cancer.
House : There is. We just haven't found it, yet.
Foreman : You need it to be cancer so you have an excuse to talk to Wilson.
House : Give me something else that explains this constellation of patients,
House : then you can call me an ass.
Foreman : I didn't call you an ass.