UNK: Yeah. I'm sure it's a stressful, emotional question.
House : Suck it up.
Gabe : My wife had taken a sleeping pill and gone to bed.
Gabe : It was Christmas Eve.
UNK: I let Kyle pop corn in the fireplace.
Gabe : He managed to knock loose some tinder.
Gabe : Wrapping paper caught on fire.
UNK: It spread so fast.
UNK: I got Kyle out and...
Gabe : When I went back in for...
Wilson : You're a disappointment.
Wilson : You act as though you don't need anybody, you...
Wilson : You just blame your son for what happened.
Gabe : I don't blame him. He was a 12-year-old boy.
Gabe : You don't blame a kid for an accident.
Wilson : Then what are we doing here? Why aren't you with him?
Gabe : Because it wouldn't matter.
Gabe : I failed to keep my family safe.
Gabe : I couldn't stop the fire, I couldn't save my wife,
Gabe : now you want me to stick around watching while I fail to save my son.
Gabe : Thank you so much for waking me up.
House : How did your son dislodge the tinder?
UNK: God...
Gabe : He dropped the popcorn tray.
Gabe : He had been complaining it was too heavy, I should have listened.
House : And the hit-and-run, walking the pissy dog.
House : That happen at night?
Gabe : I think so, yeah, why?
House : Car accident after the Phillies lost.
House : Night game?
UNK: Ragged-red fiber.
House : It's an inherited condition.
House : Dropping things, muscle weakness, poor night vision.
UNK: Makes people seem uncoordinated, accident-prone, careless.
House : It's transmitted in mitochondrial DNA
House : so it only passes through the mother.
House : Your wife's family weren't drunks, they were sick.
Wilson : It wouldn't have affected his liver.
House : The kid is a drunk.
UNK: He thinks that he killed his mother
House : and turned his father into a vegetable.
House : I might have a few shots myself.
House : Test his DNA for ragged-red fiber.
House : Why don't we not assume that the test is negative until we actually do it?
Foreman : House, the kid has severe cardiomyopathy.
UNK: Alcoholic, no shot at a transplant.
Gabe : So yeah, maybe you figured out why, good for you, but
Foreman : he's gonna die anyway.
UNK: THUNDER RUMBLING
Gabe : I want to give Kyle my heart.
Gabe : This thing, whatever it is, you said he gets it from the mother.
Gabe : My heart's fine.
Wilson : And it could go on being fine for the rest of your life.
UNK: Yeah, it's not like he's gonna do anything with it.
Wilson : Well, you woke him up once,
Wilson : maybe someone'll come up with some other answer.
Wilson : We've both seen breakthroughs no one expected.
UNK: And ragged-red fiber's treatable, but not curable.
Wilson : Even if he gets your heart, there's no guarantee.
Gabe : He's my kid.
UNK: No!
Cuddy : Did you really expect a different answer?
House : We have arranged transplants before when a patient is near death.
Cuddy : Except he isn't near death, he's saying, "Kill me and cut out my heart."
UNK: Fine. I'll think of something else.
Cuddy : I'm sorry.
House : Wilson, get out.
UNK: No.
UNK: You lied to the cops enough for me.
House : Maybe I don't wanna push this till it breaks.