House : Pills are the simplest.
House : Hanging has less chance of damaging the heart.
Gabe : I'm okay with pain.
UNK: Strangulation is better than breaking your neck,
House : which means this'll be slow.
Gabe : I wouldn't get to see him even if we got in the car right now
Gabe : and broke the speed limit driving back, would I?
UNK: No.
House : Tell him...
Gabe : I don't know what to tell him.
UNK: SIGHS
UNK: I think it's my turn to ask a question, isn't it?
House : I don't think so.
UNK: 'Cause you just asked me that thing about the speed limit.
House : What do you wanna know?
Gabe : If you could hear one thing from your father, what would it be?
UNK: It wouldn't help you.
Gabe : Try me.
House : I'd want him to say,
House : "You were right.
UNK: "You did the right thing."
Gabe : Yeah. It doesn't help.
UNK: Hi. Hi.
Wilson : I'm Dr. Wilson.
UNK: I'm Mrs. Schaffer.
Wilson : I'm from Princeton.
UNK: Mrs. Schaeffer : My husband and I and our three children live in Philadelphia.
UNK: So, do you like to swing?
UNK: No.
Wilson : Well, if you change your mind, I'm in...
Wilson : House? House?
Wilson : Is it room 622, 642?
UNK: 622.
UNK: 622.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Alibi.
House : I figured.
UNK: THUMPING
Cuddy : They found an open bottle of aspirin by the body.
Cuddy : Lucky he had a headache, reduced trauma to the heart in transit.
UNK: Lucky.
Kyle : That can't be all.
House : Well, you got a heart out of it.
House : How many organs do you want from the guy?
Kyle : I mean, my father must have said something.
Kyle : He couldn't just...
Kyle : He must have given you some kind of a message for me.
House : He said you were right.
House : You did the right thing.
Kyle : Right about what?
Kyle : What does that mean?
UNK: How would I know? He's your dad.
Cuddy : You know what I found interesting about this case?
Wilson : That it proved that people can love unconditionally
Wilson : and you can tell yourself it's not true,
Wilson : but you'll just end up in a hotel room in Atlantic City
Wilson : asking someone to cut your heart out?
UNK: MACHINE BEEPING The hoagie.
House : You thought this guy was emotionally confused,
UNK: and that the hoagie was just a mask
House : to hide his real feelings toward his son.
House : It was.
Wilson : Did you know Tritter was talking to your team while we were away?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: And yet you moved Heaven and Earth
House : to get him that mask with mustard and prosciutto.
Wilson : Which one of them told you?
House : All of them.
House : Which means that none of them said anything I have to worry about.
UNK: MACHINE BEEPING Back to the hoagie.
House : You think that my addiction's out of hand.
House : Your need to be needed is so strong that you'll give people what they want,
Foreman : what they need, what they think they need.
Wilson : I don't think my enabling is anything you should be complaining about.
Wilson : Yes, my name is Dr. James Wilson,
Wilson : account number 835687.
Wilson : The ATM says I've got zero...
Wilson : What does that mean, a hold?
Wilson : Yeah, okay, thanks.
UNK: SIGHS
Wilson : My accounts have been frozen as part of a police investigation.
House : They can't keep your money forever.
Wilson : No, they can keep it till I agree to help send you to prison for 10 years.
Wilson : You're getting dinner.