UNK: We need a central line kit,
Foreman : two units of packed red blood cells type O Negative.
Cameron : He's unconscious and heading for a coma.
Cameron : He's at a four on the RLAS scale.
House : Stop all treatment.
UNK: You think this is a reaction to our meds?
UNK: Well, they're obviously not helping.
House : Given the fact that he's an alcoholic,
House : there's a good chance his liver wasn't so hot when he came in.
House : Anti-seizure drugs could have just pushed him over the edge.
Cameron : We take him off those meds, what do we put him on?
House : I was hoping you'd know.
UNK: It may be academic, I just started him on dialysis.
Chase : Kidney and liver failure. Not too many people come back from that.
Cameron : Trauma's out of the picture. Could still be infection.
Foreman : Or neurological... Or genetic.
House : We need a better history.
Chase : Did you miss the part where the patient lost consciousness?
UNK: L-dopa?
Cameron : You're not waking Kyle. You're waking his father.
House : I commend your observational skills.
Chase : You have no reason to think
UNK: any amount of drugs will wake a man from a coma.
Foreman : Vegetative state. Much easier.
UNK: This guy's no Terry Schiavo, his brain's all there, he moves around,
UNK: his muscles have barely atrophied.
UNK: He's just waiting for a fairy-tale kiss.
House : After I do that, I'll stick a needle in him.
Foreman : The amount of amphetamines alone would be dangerous,
UNK: besides whatever the hell else you've got in there.
House : There are reports out of South Africa
House : about a pill that would temporarily revive someone in a vegetative state.
House : I wanna cry.
CUDDY : Put the syringe down.
UNK: I can outdraw you, mysterious stranger.
Cuddy : We don't experiment on helpless patients.
House : Be reasonable. There's no way this is gonna work.
Cuddy : Even if you woke him, it would only be for a few hours.
Cuddy : A day, two at the most.
Cuddy : You're risking his life.
House : I'm risking getting sued, that's the only objection here.
Cuddy : You'll be torturing him and his family.
UNK: Well, good news for Legal, the only family he's got is upstairs dying.
UNK: Hey!
Cuddy : I want this patient monitored for the next 24 hours.
Cuddy : I want someone with him at all times
Cuddy : to make sure you didn't kill him.
Cuddy : I want your ass in my office.
UNK: MOANING
Gabe : God, I'm starving.
Gabe : I could really go for a steak.
Cuddy : Do you know your name? Do you know where you are?
UNK: Gabriel Wozniak. I don't know the name of this hospital.
Cuddy : How much are three and five?
UNK: Eight.
UNK: Also known as half of 16, a quarter of 32, two to the third power.
House : Coolest thing ever.
House : Any history of seizure in your family?
UNK: No. Liver disease?
UNK: No.
Gabe : How long have I been here? I...
UNK: I got the feeling it's been a long time.
UNK: Interesting.
House : Your internal clock kept ticking.
House : How deep does that awareness go?
House : Pick up scraps of conversations?
UNK: Do you have the vague sense
House : that the hospital administrator dresses like a trollop?
Gabe : I know my wife is dead.
Gabe : I don't know how long it's been.
Wilson : Ten years.