Cuddy : What's the last thing you remember?
Gabe : The fire.
Gabe : My wife was in the bedroom, she had taken a sleeping pill.
Gabe : I got Kyle out, went back in for her.
Gabe : I knew I didn't make it.
Cuddy : I'm sorry.
UNK: What about your wife's side of the family? Any history of seizures there?
Cuddy : Your son Kyle is a patient here.
Cuddy : I'm afraid his condition is serious. He may be dying.
Gabe : No seizure issues on my wife's side, either.
Gabe : What about that steak? Nobody ever answered me.
UNK: EXCLAIMS
Wilson : Rumor in the cafeteria was Caustic Guy was waking up Coma Guy.
UNK: Technically, Vegetative State Guy
House : was woken by, yeah, Caustic Guy.
Wilson : So what happened?
UNK: I gotta get him a steak before I can ask him any more questions.
Wilson : He doesn't wanna talk about his son?
House : Didn't seem to emotionally register that his son is sick.
Wilson : Brain issue?
Wilson : He was asphyxiated, spent 10 years as asparagus,
Wilson : who knows what damage is in there. It's possible.
UNK: Of course there's always the simple explanation.
House : Maybe he just doesn't like his son.
Wilson : Only in your world would that be simple.
House : The delusion that fathering a child
House : installs a permanent geyser of unconditional love...
Wilson : Maybe your father's feelings were conditional, not everyone's.
House : Well, of course, that would play into
House : your romantic vision of human...
UNK: In terms you would understand,
Wilson : we have an evolutionary incentive
Wilson : to sacrifice for our offspring.
Wilson : Our tribe, our friends. Keep them safe.
House : Except for all the people who don't.
House : Everything is conditional.
House : You just can't always anticipate the conditions.
Tritter : Mind if we talk for a few minutes?
Tritter : How many pills would you say Dr. House takes a day?
Cameron : I'm uncomfortable setting a number.
UNK: Well, try.
UNK: Six.
Cuddy : A day?
Tritter : Has he ever had you write prescriptions for him?
Cameron : No. What is it you want me to say?
Cameron : That he takes too many pills and is a danger to the hospital,
Cameron : or he takes too few because he's selling them on the side?
UNK: Either one is ridiculous.
Tritter : I meant the former.
Cameron : You're wrong.
Tritter : Can I ask what Dr. House has done to deserve your loyalty?
Tritter : He's not known as a great boss.
Tritter : He's not even much of a friend.
Tritter : Look how he left Dr. Wilson holding the bag.
Tritter : It's odd. You don't know about that?
Tritter : You defend him, and he won't even tell you what's happening in his life.
UNK: PAGER BEEPING
Cameron : I was paged.
UNK: We saw you with the cop.
Chase : What'd he want?
Tritter : How many pills does House take,
Cameron : did I ever write him a prescription?
Cameron : That sort of stuff.
Cameron : I told him six. A day or in a mouthful?
Cameron : I was just hoping you guys would stay consistent with...
Chase : He wants to talk to us, too?
Cameron : You're next.
Chase : We've gotta tell House what's going on.
UNK: Tritter says no. Then no it is.
Foreman : Cops have a thousand ways to make life difficult for you.
UNK: Quick. What's the kid's status?
UNK: I gotta get back to our sleeper
House : before he goes looking for the orgasmatron.
House : See, if that were rhetorical,
House : it would mean that I can just turn around and leave now,
House : which I'm not doing, from which you should deduce...
UNK: He's off all drugs except the antibiotics.
Foreman : His liver's just managing to hang in there.
Chase : He's still sliding into coma.
Gabe : Your barber sucks.
UNK: Hey, Coma Diet,
Gabe : I could make a fortune.
House : Vegetative State Diet.
House : Who gave you your clothes?
Gabe : Dr. Cuddy.
Gabe : I guess I'll need all new ones, anyway.
Gabe : Everything went in the fire.
House : Don't worry about it.
House : We use recyclable clothes now. Wear them once, then eat them.
House : Your son's measles vaccination,
UNK: do you remember if he had it, what type it was?
UNK: Man, you're a piece of work, you know that?
Gabe : You weren't gonna tell me, were you?
Gabe : I don't need new clothes.