Gabe : Dr. Cuddy says my body will adjust to the drugs,
UNK: that I'll be a vegetable again by tomorrow.
Gabe : If I'm really lucky, the day after.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: If I've got a day to live,
Gabe : I'm not gonna spend it in a hospital room being grilled.
UNK: Come on, where you gonna go?
UNK: Your house burned down, your wife's dead. Business was sold off.
House : The only thing you have left is down the hall, heading for a liver biopsy.
Gabe : Used to be this little hole in the wall run by a guy named Giancarlo.
Gabe : Made the best hoagies in the world.
Gabe : Real Italian rolls, prosciutto, provolone...
UNK: EXCLAIMS
Gabe : How far is Atlantic City from here?
House : You have one day to live, and you want a sandwich?
Gabe : People on death row get a last meal.
UNK: The state provides it. Who's providing for you?
House : You got a car? Money?
Gabe : You're negotiating with me.
UNK: Take out another 100 for me. And I need your car.
Wilson : I'm not doing you any favors.
House : You'll get it back tomorrow. Two days, max.
House : Road trip.
Wilson : This is like trying to control the weather,
UNK: but I'd prefer it if you didn't eat in the car,
UNK: I just had it detailed.
Gabe : I drive. Oh, the hell he does.
UNK: Sure.
Wilson : Aside from the fact he just woke up from a vegetative state,
Wilson : the guy doesn't have a license.
UNK: How about this? Cops stop us, we lie.
House : You know how to do that. Chips.
UNK: It's all the drugs pumping through his system.
House : Right now his reflexes are better than Dale Earnhardt Jr's.
UNK: What's this? It says ipod.
Wilson : I'm coming.
HOUSE : So let's talk about toxic exposure.
Gabe : What was wrong with the old colors? I trusted brown.
Gabe : Do the purple ones have chocolate inside?
House : Raspberry cocaine.
House : This house that burned down, where was it?
UNK: Moorestown, New Jersey.
Gabe : Listen, I really need to know about the candy because I'm allergic to berries.
House : You didn't mention that.
Gabe : Is it significant?
House : No. So where else did you live?
House : List everywhere, including vacations,
House : start with when your wife got pregnant.
Gabe : We lived in Jersey. Then we moved to Jersey, from there, Jersey.
Gabe : What are you waiting to hear? About the little cottage in the Amazon
Gabe : with the mosquitoes and the lead paint all over the walls?
UNK: Yes.
Gabe : You know what?
Gabe : I didn't let you come along so you could suck all the fun out of my one day of life.
UNK: Well, you're outta luck, because that's totally why I'm here.
Gabe : Okay, rule change.
House : Person with the money makes the rules. Or in this case,
UNK: the person who's friends with the person with the money makes the rules.
Gabe : Well, you want answers more than I want money.
UNK: All right, so here's the game.
Gabe : Ask whatever you want.
Gabe : But for every question I answer, you have to answer one first.
House : Why would you care about anything I have to say?
Gabe : The day before I died, I was a successful man.
Gabe : I had a factory with over 200 employees.
Gabe : People listened when I talked.
Gabe : I liked power.
Gabe : Now, the only power I have left is the power to annoy you.
UNK: I took Wilson's assistant for coffee.
UNK: Why? Something Tritter said.
Cameron : She told me the police think