Castle : An old woman in a cage.
Beckett : Yeah, that's the last thing I remember.
Beckett : Me, too.
Castle : What the hell is going on?
Ryan : It's just I always spend Christmas with my family.
Esposito : Hey, well, you were the one who decided to get hitched, bro.
Ryan : Yeah, but I didn't think that meant
Ryan : driving down to Florida to spend the holidays with her grandmother.
UNK: Driving? You're not flying?
Ryan : During the holidays? You kidding me?
Ryan : Besides, Jenny thinks that a road trip
Ryan : will give us some quality time together.
Esposito : That is no road trip, brother.
Esposito : That is a relationship test.
Esposito : Relationship test?
Ryan : We're getting married in a month.
Esposito : Well, we'll see what happens after the test.
Esposito : It's the pre-wedding road trip test. Locked together for hours.
Esposito : That way she can confront you with any lingering doubts she may have
Esposito : about your future together.
Esposito : And you will have nowhere to hide.
UNK: Victoria Gates : Hey, have either of you seen Beckett?
Esposito : She's probably following up on a lead.
Gates : Don't think that I don't know that you guys cover for each other.
Esposito : What's that?
Gates : Any progress on our John Doe?
UNK: Yeah, turned out he did show up at the Cambury Cafe yesterday,
Esposito : and he wasn't alone.
RYAN : Waitress recognized him immediately.
Ryan : Said he sat in a corner booth, met with a guy, long hair, goatee.
UNK: Said our vic looked nervous.
Esposito : We have the waitress working with an artist,
Esposito : see if we can come up with a sketch
Esposito : of the goateed man to use on a canvass.
Beckett : All right, keep me apprised.
UNK: Come on. Jenny loves me. She wouldn't test me like that.
Esposito : Right. Just watch out if she wants to take you canoeing. Okay?
UNK: Canoeing? Canoeing is a test?
Esposito : It's all about power. Direction. Like a marriage.
Esposito : If the canoe goes straight it shows her that you can compromise,
Esposito : work together, find a rhythm, move forward in the same direction.
Esposito : But if it's going around in circles,
Esposito : so is your relationship.