Beckett : Why not?
Castle : With those elements? I can't think of a version that ends well.
Castle : Not even a Disney version.
Beckett : Yeah, I was afraid of that.
Castle : The good news is
Castle : we've been gone long enough. They've started to look for us by now.
UNK: Hundred and first time's a charm?
UNK: Come on, Lanie, there's got to be something else about this guy
Esposito : from his autopsy.
Lanie : He was in the beginning stages of heart disease.
Lanie : He had a degenerative hip condition and mild scoliosis,
Lanie : probably from sitting too much.
Lanie : And the last thing he had to eat was a pastrami sandwich.
Lanie : None of which will get you an ID.
UNK: His hands were callused, suggesting physical labor,
Ryan : and yet he spent too much time sitting?
UNK: Maybe he drove a forklift. I don't know.
UNK: Come on. We need something concrete now.
Lanie : Then I can't help you.
Esposito : Lanie, they're out there,
Esposito : God knows where and what kind of trouble they're in.
Lanie : You don't think I want to help? They're my friends, too.
Ryan : So Beckett said with enough time,
Ryan : you might be able to recover prints.
Lanie : Yeah. In a couple of days. Why?
Esposito : What happens if you do it now?
UNK: I could damage the print beyond recognition.
UNK: Could. So it's possible that it might not, right?
Esposito : We gotta do something.
UNK: CLICKING
UNK: LOUD CLICK
UNK: RATTLING SIGHS
Castle : I did it. You did it!
UNK: LAUGHS
Beckett : How bad can it be? I mean, we've seen dead bodies before, right?
UNK: Right.
Castle : It's not a body.
Beckett : No. It's worse.
CASTLE : Manacles and bloody instruments of torture.
UNK: It looks like your crazed, sadistic psycho-killer theory
Beckett : might not be far off, Castle.
Castle : I don't know whether to be smug or horrified.
Beckett : I vote for motivated.
Castle : Right there with you. Let's get the hell out of here.
UNK: Javi.
UNK: What?
Lanie : I can feel your impatience all over my backside.
Lanie : And rushing me is never a good idea.
Esposito : You're talking about that print, right?
Lanie : Damn it! What?
UNK: It tore. I guess t he skin wasn't softened enough. It's ruined.
Ryan : Is any of it usable?
Lanie : I might be able to salvage some from the middle. Why?
Ryan : So what we did
UNK: was we were able to join the partials from that scrap of paper
Ryan : with the print pieces that Lanie recovered.
UNK: BEEPING
ESPOSITO : Our victim is Hank Spooner.
Esposito : An independent trucker out of San Antonio.
Esposito : Owns and operates his own rig.
Gates : What was he doing in New York?
UNK: Well, according to his folks he got a contract last week