Beckett : Dead body! We went to go and see a dead body.
Castle : Right. A dead body.
UNK: SIREN WAILING
Castle : You know what I love about working with you?
Castle : You always take me to the most charming places.
Beckett : Well, I'm a simple girl, Castle. I go where the bodies are.
UNK: Besides, for a mystery novelist,
Beckett : aren't seedy motels kind of a standard?
UNK: Yes, matter of fact, they're a veritable
Castle : advent calendar of salaciousness.
Castle : Behind every door, a delightful tale of desperation, depravity...
Beckett : Or death.
UNK: No, you need to stop being a control freak.
UNK: Javier Esposito : I'm not being a control freak!
Lanie : You are being a control freak!
ESPOSITO : I've never been a control freak.
UNK: KNOCKING Nobody's ever called me that. I'm...
UNK: Sorry. Are we interrupting?
UNK: No. Victim's a white male, late 30s.
Esposito : Housekeeping found him when they came to clean the room.
Beckett : Cause of death?
Lanie : Not entirely sure yet, but there are indications of asphyxia,
Lanie : with some cyanosis around the face.
BECKETT : So he was suffocated?
Lanie : Maybe. Then again, there's this.
BECKETT : Needle mark.
Castle : So he could have just OD'd.
Castle : Passed out face first and suffocated.
Esposito : No. It's definitely murder.
Beckett : How can you tell?
Lanie : Someone torched his fingers.
Lanie : Burned off his prints.
Beckett : They wanted to erase his identity.
ESPOSITO : And did a pretty good job, too.
Esposito : His wallet's missing and we've been through the room a couple of times.
Esposito : There's nothing here to tell us who this guy is.
Beckett : Did he pay for the room in cash?
Esposito : Yeah, and the clerk said that he registered as Jack Sparrow.
Castle : Well, there's a possibility that's his real name.
Esposito : Sure it is.
Esposito : We're running it just in case.
Esposito : The clerk also said he appeared nervous when he checked in.
Esposito : He kept looking behind him.
Beckett : Did he have any visitors? ESPOSITO : He couldn't say.
UNK: This isn't the most secure building.
Castle : I saw a camera in the lobby.
Esposito : It's a dummy. It's not the only one.
Esposito : It's used to scare away drug dealers.
Beckett : Okay, you don't go to the trouble
Beckett : of trying to erase someone's identity
Beckett : unless you have a very good reason to.
Beckett : Lanie, what are the chances of us recovering some of the prints?
Lanie : Depends on how bad the burns are.
Lanie : Let me get him back to the morgue.
Beckett : Okay, in the meantime,
Beckett : let's get Ryan to run his photos through missing persons
Beckett : and see if anything pops.
Esposito : You got it.
BECKETT : John Doe in a seedy motel with his fingerprints burned off.