MARTINEZ : Her name is Ruth Spurloch.
Martinez : And it turns out her and her sons
Martinez : are major suppliers of endangered tigers
Martinez : to wealthy customers all around the world.
Castle : Hard to believe it's worth killing for.
Martinez : The exotic animal trade is a million-dollar industry,
UNK: and Texas, which has almost no regulations,
Martinez : is one of the few places in the world
Martinez : where selling and breeding tigers is not illegal.
Martinez : Ruth and her boys were making millions off her breeding farm.
Gates : Spooner would truck them from Del Rio up to New York.
Beckett : And then wealthy clients would smuggle them past Customs
Beckett : and ship them out on their private jets.
Martinez : Right. Except outside of Texas,
Martinez : trafficking endangered species is a criminal offense.
Martinez : So Ruth didn't want Spooner ratting her out.
Beckett : Which is why when we showed up at her house, she played the victim.
Beckett : So she could g et the drop on us.
UNK: Yeah, and knocked out us using animal tranquilizers.
Castle : Which can't be good for me.
Castle : I still have a taste in my mouth.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Well, I'm gonna turn the trafficking case over to the FBI and Customs.
Martinez : You can coordinate with th on your murder charge.
Gates : Thank you, Agent Martinez. I'll walk you out.
UNK: Hey,
Esposito : as expected, the hair from the truck is tiger, a the blood is from raw meat.
Ryan : They used the hatches to throw down food to the cats
Ryan : or sedate them with darts.
UNK: What's gonna happen with that tiger, anyway?
UNK: Shoot him.
Beckett : She'll get transferred to a sanctuary.
Esposito : Or that.
Beckett : Probably end up in a zoo. Why? You want to go and visit her?
Castle : No. No, thanks. I'm good.
Beckett : All right, you guys get some rest.
Ryan : You, too. Yeah.
Beckett : That has got to be the strangest brush with death I've ever had.
Beckett : Me, too.
UNK: But I'll tell you, after that experience,
Castle : if I ever have to be hitched to someone, it would be you.
UNK: Hitched?
Castle : Hitched? No, I didn't say "hitched."
UNK: I said "cuffed." Handcuffed. Not hitched,
UNK: the colloquial or any other connotation or meaning.
Beckett : It's okay, Castle. I understood what you meant.
Beckett : And for what it's worth,
UNK: if I ever have to spend another night handcuffed to someone again,
Beckett : I wouldn't mind if it was you either.
UNK: Really?