UNK: posing as runners looking to hire him to move some product,
Martinez : only Spooner made my guy.
Martinez : Now instead of running, Spooner, he wanted to meet.
Martinez : And he was scared.
Martinez : He wanted out and he was afraid of what they would do to him
Martinez : if he walked away.
Martinez : So he agreed to tell us everything if I guaranteed him safety.
Martinez : And I took that to my bosses, they agreed.
Gates : But by then he was already dead.
UNK: Right.
GATES : Excuse me.
UNK: DOOR OPENS
Martinez : So where were your colleagues when they went missing?
Ryan : We don't know. We just know they were on the case.
Esposito : Did Spooner say anything to you about the New York operation?
Martinez : All he said was,
UNK: "It's not at all what you think."
GATES : Troopers found his semi.
Gates : Truck stop north of the city. Let's go, boys.
UNK: State Trooper Mcnichols : According to truck stop records, the rig's been parked here for three days.
UNK: State Trooper Mcnichols : No one's seen the driver for two.
UNK: You're gonna want to take a look inside.
UNK: It's hair. These could be air holes.
Ryan : Hey. Over here.
CASTLE : Still too high.
Beckett : Not if I climb on your shoulders.
Beckett : What? We've done it before.
Castle : Yeah, you say that like it was pleasant. And we weren't handcuffed.
Beckett : Who's got no faith now?
UNK: Come on, Castle, we have no idea when they're coming back
Beckett : or even if they're coming back at all.
Castle : Last time, you were wearing sneakers.
UNK: Fine.
UNK: Think I'm gonna need your help.
UNK: "Lift up my shirt." "Pull off my boots."
Castle : Under normal circumstances, I would like where this was heading.
Beckett : You can fantasize later after we get out of the room.
Castle : Just so you know, not as much fun if I have your permission.
Castle : How do you run in these things?
Beckett : Shut up and pull.
Gates : Agent Martinez, are you sure these guys were smuggling drugs?
Martinez : If I had answers, I'd share.
Esposito : Captain Gates...
UNK: What'd you find? Waybills.
Ryan : Spooner delivered to a furniture store in Lower Manhattan two days ago.
Gates : Get on it. Yeah.
Gates : Call your bosses.
Gates : Tell them I want all the files on this investigation.
Gates : I'm getting my people back.
UNK: Okay, ready?
UNK: Ready.
UNK: One, two, three. Go!
Beckett : Oh, jeez.
UNK: BECKETT GRUNTING
UNK: GRUNTING
UNK: Whoa! Castle! Okay, can you put me down?
UNK: Okay. Easy.
UNK: PANTING
Castle : If we ever get out of here, we should seriously consider joining the circus.
Beckett : Let me try it from behind, okay?
Castle : All right, I'm game.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Ready? Ready.
Castle : One, two, three.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Okay, I'm lifting my right hand. Ready?
UNK: Okay.
Castle : Not so fun as I would have thought.
UNK: You know, I'm getting a little tired of you walking all over me.
BECKETT : It's open.
Castle : Okay. I think I can pull myself...
UNK: BECKETT SCREAMING
Beckett : Hey! Let us out of here!
Castle : What do you want from us?
Esposito : Captain Gates, furniture store owner verified
UNK: that he took delivery from Spooner a couple days ago.
Ryan : He said it was just a couple of coffee tables
Ryan : packed near the rear of the truck.
Gates : And you believed him?
Ryan : He's a family man, didn't have any priors.
Esposito : But he did say something happened during delivery. Something weird.
Esposito : As they were unloading the shipment,
Esposito : a box fell off a stack and hit him in the shoulder.
UNK: He said the box must've been empty because it bounced right off of him.
Ryan : He tried to joke with Spooner,
Ryan : asked him if he was shipping cotton candy or air,
UNK: Spooner kind of got squirrely, said it was just a couple of empties there
Ryan : packed there to fill some space.
UNK: The owner thought it wasn't a big deal,
Esposito : but then he heard something from behind the boxes.
Beckett : Something that sounded like breathing.
Gates : So Spooner takes a few small legitimate jobs
Gates : in order to justify his smuggling trips
Gates : and places a wall of empties in front of whatever his real cargo is.
Gates : Did the owner have any idea where Spooner was headed?
UNK: None.
Esposito : Beckett and Castle were on to something.
Gates : Where in the hell did they go?
Esposito : Well, the only thing we had at the time
Esposito : was this address.
Castle : And we were already covering it.
UNK: Or they must've seen or heard something that you didn't.
Gates : Okay, I want you guys to...
UNK: Go, go, go!
UNK: NYPD! NYPD!
UNK: NYPD!
UNK: MAN 1 : Hold position!
UNK: MAN 2 : Show yourself!
UNK: Clear.
Esposito : Room clear!
UNK: Clear!
UNK: Clear!
Esposito : This place is empty. You really think this is where they went?