Castle : Thank you.
Castle : Where did you wanna go?
UNK: I think that there's a light switch over there.
Beckett : Or do you want to stay in the dark?
UNK: Hmm. I liked it better in the dark.
UNK: This door is steel. There's no way we're getting through here.
UNK: These walls are cinder block. Whoa.
Castle : What do you suppose is in that big freezer?
Castle : Do you think it's the old woman?
Castle : What if we're in some psycho's lair,
Castle : and we have to kill each other like in Saw.
Beckett : Castle, stop speculating. It's not helping.
UNK: Come on, an old lady in a cage?
Castle : Us cuffed together in this creepy room? What am I supposed to think?
UNK: You're supposed to think that we need to get the hell out of here
Beckett : before someone comes back.
Castle : How long do you think we were out?
Beckett : Couple of hours.
Beckett : How can you tell?
Beckett : 'Cause I'm hungry.
UNK: Oh!
Castle : Got some beef jerky.
UNK: What?
Beckett : Hold my hand.
UNK: So the cuffs don't cut into us.
Castle : We could just try to get them off.
Castle : You got a bobby pin?
Beckett : What is this? The 1940s?
Beckett : These are my police cuffs.
Beckett : You're not gonna open them with a bobby pin.
Beckett : Face it, we're stuck.
Castle : You think anyone knows we're missing?
Beckett : Martha and Alexis will notice if you don't go home, right?
UNK: Actually, my mother's taki Alexis on a tour of colleges this weekend.
Castle : Esposito and Ryan?
Beckett : Yeah, they'll probably notice. But it doesn't mean they'll find us here.
Beckett : What is that?
Castle : It's a hatch.
UNK: If we can get up there, we might be able to get out.
Beckett : Yeah, well, it's too high.
Beckett : Not if we climb on top of that.
UNK: BEEPS ESPOSITO : That was Lanie.
Esposito : Preliminary autopsy report shows that our victim was, in fact, smothered.
UNK: A guy his size. You'd think he'd put up more of a struggle.
Esposito : He couldn't. Tox reports show that
Esposito : his system was flooded with so much sedative
UNK: that it could put down an elephant Hmm..
Beckett : Where are we with that sketch?
UNK: Well, I got unis looking through mug books,
Ryan : and I sent a team uptown to canvass.
Ryan : Still not back, huh?
Esposito : No. It's been hours.
Esposito : Every time I call, it goes straight to voice mail.
Ryan : You think they're really running down a lead?
Esposito : What lead? There was nothing new on the board when we came back.
UNK: SIGHS