House : Liver cysts have identical symptoms, with one addition, fever.
UNK: And liver cysts we can test for. Your diagnosis could confirm Kalvin's.
House : So, option A, we draw some blood...
Kalvin : No, no, no. Look, you're not touching me.
UNK: Well, you see, this is why I need you here.
House : I want you to tell your son that you won't take a simple, painless blood test
House : to save his life.
UNK: You
Dad : never expressed a shred of regret for what happened to your mother.
UNK: Jeez, Dad.
Dad : If you'd have worn a damn rubber, you'd have been fine.
UNK: You could have saved her life. You wouldn't be lying here.
House : Yeah, yeah, yeah, I get it!
House : You're really mad at him for killing himself,
House : and for destroying everything you love.
House : I don't have time for this. Are you gonna apologize?
Kalvin : - I'm living my life the way I want. - Are you gonna give me some blood?
Dad : Look, if he doesn't give a damn, then neither do I.
House : Okay, option B.
House : Why did your wife kill herself? Did she hate you?
Kalvin : She was a diabetic!
Dad : You know, you don't know a thing about my Susan.
UNK: Either Susan wanted to die, or she was both fat and stupid.
House : Used a Twinkie instead of a gun.
House : And girls with big appetites, well, they just can't get enough
House : - of anything. - Shut up!
House : Probably nibbled on every Devil Dog in the county!
Wilson : - Shut up! - In case I'm not making myself clear,
House : - I don't mean the delicious snack. - You son of a bitch!
Dad : Yeah? Come on!
House : Thank you. Means I can do this.
UNK: We're gonna need some epi in here, stat!
Kalvin : - Are you out of your mind? - You said you didn't care.
House : Notice how you can't breathe? Now, either that's the cane
House : or, I just ruptured one of those liver cysts we were chatting about,
House : and you've gone into anaphylactic shock. Exactly the same way your son did
House : when he accidentally tripped against my friend's car.
House : I'm just so excited to find out which.
UNK: I'm gonna schedule the surgery.
UNK: Clamp.
UNK: Pressure's holding.