House : You're late. And hung over.
House : Or maybe not.
Cameron : Why do you have a rat?
UNK: Jealous?
UNK: - Get out of my room! - Don't you dare put this on me!
UNK: I'm not gonna grovel, Dad!
Dad : - That's not what I'm asking for! - Like hell it isn't!
Kalvin : - You said you didn't call. - Well...
House : Don't mind me, just here for the show.
UNK: Yeah, well, there's not gonna be any.
House : What happened to the big apology?
House : Yesterday he was all, "Daddy, I'm so sowwy."
Kalvin : This is none of your business.
UNK: Well, you should've thought of that before you stalked me.
House : Now I'm interested. So what's he got to apologize for?
House : - You're the one who tossed him out. - Now why would I do that?
UNK: I don't know, because it's tough to brag to your hunting buddies
House : that your son knows all the words to The Wiz.
Dad : - That's a lie. - 42nd Street?
UNK: Much easier just to get drunk and beat him.
House : Explains his hating you, and also your cirrhosis.
House : Also, why the more I talk, the more you sweat.
House : What it doesn't explain, is why he's got to apologize to you.
House : Residual guilt for sharing your special toy with other boys?
Kalvin : Just leave it alone.
UNK: You just wanna leave the bigot with some peace of mind after you're gone?
Dad : This has got nothing, and I mean nothing, to do with him being gay.
Dad : Now Kal brought this on himself with what he did to his mother.
House : - He steal her signature look? - No.
Dad : No, he killed her.
Cameron : - Kalvin lied! - Yeah. That certainly is shocking.
Cameron : Mom's kidneys were failing, she needed a transplant, they tested Kalvin,
Cameron : he was a match, he was also positive for HIV.
Cameron : Mom never found a qualified donor, she dies.
House : Tragic tale.
UNK: Undercut slightly by the rapid-fire delivery and constant movement.
House : Too much coffee this morning?
Chase : He didn't kill her. Our bodies aren't donor farms for our parents.
Foreman : It's not 1980. We know how HIV is transmitted.
Foreman : If Kalvin got HIV through unprotected sex, dad has every right to be pissed.
Cameron : - So you always use a condom? - Yeah.