Cuddy : - Go see Stacy. - We gave him epi. He's fine.
Cuddy : You need a lawyer. Go see Stacy. You hit a patient.
House : Four words, two mistakes. He's not a patient, and I didn't hit him.
Cuddy : Of course you didn't. Go see Stacy.
House : I didn't cause the anaphylaxis. It's probably one of his HIV meds.
House : - Abacavir. - I'll pass that along,
Cuddy : make sure the ER takes him off it. Go see Stacy.
Stacy : - You have to treat him. - Medically, this case is a snooze-fest.
House : AIDS plus infection.
Stacy : You don't treat him, he charges you with assault.
House : Just 'cause he says I hit him, doesn't make it true.
UNK: Watch, I am surrounded by naked cheerleaders.
UNK: See?
House : Although, I like my chances of some action this morning.
Stacy : I forgot Wednesday was hooker day. This could have waited.
House : You make me meet you at your house. Your husband is conveniently absent.
Stacy : Mark's at physio. I'm stuck waiting for the exterminator.
Stacy : I saw a rat last night.
House : Well, I'm surprised your feet are touching the floor.
Stacy : - I barely slept. - What was Mark up to?
UNK: If memory serves, a quick climb up Mount Gregory,
UNK: and you'd doze through a seal hunt. Clubbing, shrieking.
Stacy : What're you doing?
UNK: Sorry, it was just driving me nuts.
Stacy : You hate washing dishes.
House : People change.
House : I could make sure you'd sleep like a baby tonight.
UNK: Rather take care of it myself.
House : - I was referring to the rat. - Trenton Pest is sending a guy.
Mark : What's going on?
House : It's not what you think.
House : I know it looks like we're cleaning dishes, but actually we're having sex.
Stacy : We're working.
UNK: Wow, wish I had become a doctor. Place would be spotless.
UNK: Take 10 minutes, cure the guy, and stop whining.
UNK: I give you Kalvin Ryan, so flamboyant in person, so boring on paper.
House : Obviously got an opportunistic infection, probably TB or PCP.
Foreman : Have you read his file?
House : I started, but I found the characters two-dimensional.
Foreman : He went to an HIV clinic last week.
Foreman : Tested negative for TB, PCP, MAC, CMV, HSV.
Foreman : - It's not an infection. - HIV clinic.
House : So few patients, so much money.
House : - Redo the tests. - The results make sense.
Cameron : Kalvin's T-cells are at 200. That's strong enough to fight infection.
House : - Fine, parasite. - Nope. The stool sample was negative.
Cameron : Two months ago, he was down to 30 T-cells.
Cameron : Then he changed his meds, his immune system rebounds,
Cameron : his viral load drops, everything's getting better, but he's getting sicker.
Foreman : Face it. This might be an interesting case.
House : What if his immune system is too strong?
Cameron : An auto-immune disease? With HIV, that's impossible.
House : His new HIV meds kicked his system out of a sound sleep.
House : It wakes up hungry, cranky, spoiling for a fight.
UNK: And when it doesn't find an active infection,
UNK: it starts attacking the harmless remnants of old infections.
House : Immune reconstitution syndrome.
Foreman : His meds made him so much better, he made himself sick?
Foreman : - Sounds pretty... - Boring!
House : This is so not interesting.
UNK: Chest x-ray to find the old infection and start him on steroids.
UNK: If you're wrong, the steroids will tank his immune system. He'll get worse.
House : Now that would be interesting. Where's the Coumadin?
Wilson : If your patient's got a blood problem, then blood thinners aren't exactly...
House : It's for Stacy's rat. Death by anticoagulation.
Wilson : Trying to win Stacy back by killing an animal. Very caveman.
House : I don't want her back. I just want her to admit her feelings for me.