Foreman : That's why his heart's enlarged, not the AZT.
House : You okay?
House : She's fine, probably getting bored with the question.
House : Masses in the heart and lungs, what kind of cancer are we looking at?
Cameron : They may not be cancerous.
Wilson : This is classic Non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
UNK: HIV-positive patient with a primary heart mass?
Cameron : - It could be sarcoidosis. - His lung tissue was negative.
Cameron : Lymphoma's a death sentence, sarcoidosis is treatable.
UNK: So is an ear infection, but since he didn't test positive for that either...
UNK: I want to do the Kveim-Siltzbach test.
House : Do you have any idea how much paperwork Cuddy's gonna need signed?
House : Do it.
UNK: So...
UNK: How's the patient's father?
UNK: "Tell my dad I'm sorry?"
UNK: Might as well have waved a red flag at a bull.
Cameron : He's not coming.
House : Well, it's not a tragedy.
UNK: Dad doesn't wanna see him, he doesn't wanna see the dad.
House : You're the only one who wants them together.
Cameron : - He asked. - He thought he was dying.
House : Dying people lie, too.
UNK: Wish they'd worked less, they'd been nicer,
House : they'd opened orphanages for kittens.
UNK: If you really wanna do something, you do it, you don't save it for a sound bite.
Cameron : What did you say when you thought you were dying?
House : On the other hand...
House : His dad tossed him out. So what's our guy wanna apologize for?
Cameron : Everybody has regrets.
Cameron : If the growths in your lungs and heart are sarcoid,
Cameron : your body will recognize this material, and we'll see a reaction on your arm.
UNK: - Did you really wanna see your dad? - You called him?
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: He would've come, tried to straighten me out.
Kalvin : How are you holding up?
Cameron : - I'm fine. - Convincing.
Kalvin : What did you do with my drugs?
Cameron : The lab disposes of them after analysis.
Kalvin : Too bad. They could've done you some good.
Cameron : Not really my thing.
Kalvin : You know, I hope you don't have it, but
Kalvin : getting HIV might have been the best thing that ever happened to me.
Kalvin : I used to be a good boy. Never wanted to piss anybody off.
Kalvin : Playing by the rules makes everybody else happy.
Kalvin : Now I'm happy.
Wilson : So you just show up every time he's at physio?
UNK: Of course not.
House : Also when he's at group therapy or out for dinner with friends.
Wilson : And when she happens to mention to Mark that you dropped by...
House : You tell your wife everything?
Wilson : It's a process.
Wilson : But Stacy doesn't have any reason to hide this from Mark.
Wilson : As far as she knows, Mark's okay with you being there.
House : My bet is she mentions me to Mark as little as possible.
UNK: Because she thinks that he thinks that she still has feelings for me.
House : You know why she thinks that?
Wilson : Because she still has feelings for you?
House : If you're right, she did tell him and I don't get through the door tonight.
House : If I'm right...
Stacy : So how long do we stay here?
UNK: Until something happens.
UNK: He's not gonna come out with us right here.
House : We are downwind, and he seems to have hearing loss.
Stacy : He's not blind.
House : Steve McQueen does not run from danger.
House : Antibiotics, on the other hand...
Stacy : He ate around the pill?
House : - Smart. - Admit it, you like him.
UNK: He's all right. For a rat.
UNK: You wanna know how cool he is?
House : His urine showed traces of hydrogen cyanide, formaldehyde, lead.
House : He's a smoker.
House : Your husband's been lighting up,
House : which is particularly stupid, given that it could cause his AIP...
Stacy : Okay, I blow my smoke into the vent so Mark doesn't know.
House : I always knew.
UNK: Bluffing.
House : You started two weeks after my surgery.