UNK: Give me the syringe.
UNK: Clamps...
House : Two successful surgeries, two lives saved. I'm over my quota.
House : Can I have next week off?
Cuddy : - Two family members assaulted. - It was self-defense.
Cuddy : - You baited him. - You're right, I was asking for it.
House : The low-cut blouse, the do-me pumps.
Cuddy : You flooded his gut with a parasite. He could sue.
Cuddy : Go see Stacy.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: That's it, "okay"? No name-calling? No squawking, no rending of garments?
House : I like this t-shirt.
Cameron : You lied to me.
Kalvin : If this is about my mom, I...
Cameron : This is about your lonely, miserable life.
Kalvin : I'm not miserable.
Kalvin : And as long as there's a gay bar around, I'm never lonely.
Cameron : You haven't had a single visitor except for your dad.
Cameron : Drugs are great, HIV freed you, your dad hates you, you're so happy.
Cameron : Everything's a lie.
Cameron : You blame yourself for your mom's death.
Cameron : You're not trying to have fun, you're trying to self-destruct.
Cameron : You wanna kill yourself, fine, but stop recruiting!
Stacy : Heard you hit another patient.
House : Yeah, sure, why not?
House : He hit me first.
Stacy : Cuddy didn't mention that. Let me see.
House : - I'm the doctor. - My concern is purely legal.
Stacy : - Looks okay. Does it hurt? - A little.
Stacy : You need some ice.
Stacy : There's no way that Mark doesn't know.
House : - About the smoking. - He would have said something.
House : Then he hasn't been near you in months.
Stacy : We're fine.
House : - Can't be easy. - Stop squirming.
House : - Why would you lie about this? - I'm not lying.
House : I don't care if you're sleeping with him or not, but you're not, so...
House : - I am. - You're lying.
Stacy : You know when I have sex? You can smell that on me, too?
Stacy : The only people who know about what's going on with me and Mark,
Stacy : - are me and Mark. - Well, I just know you.
Stacy : And I know you.
Stacy : You're confident, arrogant, but you're never certain
Stacy : unless there's a reason to be certain. One other person knew.
Stacy : I told you I was seeing Dr Harper, you can easily get into her office.
Stacy : You read my file.
Stacy : The dishes, the concern, the acting like a human being.
Stacy : You have...
Stacy : This whole time, you've been manipulating me.
UNK: You knew that I had an angle the moment
House : I poured soap onto a scrub brush.
House : You could have thrown me out or ignored me
House : or found another exterminator.
Cuddy : You didn't even tell Mark that I kept coming by.
House : You let this happen because you wanna be with me.
Stacy : I don't anymore.
Stacy : Get out.
Kalvin : I'm sorry.