Castle : When did we lose the signal on the phone?
Beckett : Right after we told the Candelas we were tracking it.
Beckett : Theresa's sister, Nina. You got an address?
Sorenson : Nina Mendoza, you're under arrest for the kidnapping of Angela Candela.
Esposito : Taking your own niece. Put your hands behind your back.
Ryan : You have the right to remain silent.
UNK: - Anything you say or do can be used... - Hello, Angela.
Ryan : ...against you in a court of law. - I'm so happy to see you.
Ryan : - You have the right to an attorney... - You wanna go and see Mommy?
UNK: Beckett cont'd : Come on, baby. Look at you.
UNK: Beckett cont'd : Hello. Hi, beautiful.
UNK: You want to grab your pink rabbit? Look at the rabbit.
UNK: Castle cont'd : Oh, my God.
UNK: Angie!
UNK: Oh, God. You look perfect, just perfect!
UNK: Lucia cont'd : - Is she okay? - She's fine. Yeah.
UNK: Honey, what are you doing?
UNK: She's here! She's home!
UNK: What is it? What's wrong?
Beckett : What's going on?
UNK: Crawford,
UNK: can you take Angela?
UNK: Come here, sweetie.
Beckett : Here you go, Crawford. - Thank you.
UNK: Sorenson cont'd : Here we go.
Alfred : What did you do?
UNK: I worked 14-hour days year after year, killing myself so that we can have a life.
Theresa : And what did you do?
Theresa : Oh, you painted.
Theresa : - All you did was paint. - That's not true.
Theresa : Really? What about that job you said that you were going to get
Theresa : so that I could cut my hours?
Alfred : - I was taking care of Angela. - Taking care?
Theresa : You left her there in front of the TV. Every day!
Theresa : Do you know how many times I woke up to her screams
Theresa : because he was in that room, blasting the music in his ears?
Beckett : It doesn't give you the right to kidnap your own child.
Theresa : How is it kidnapping? She's my daughter.
Beckett : Mrs. Candela, you had your sister
Beckett : climb through that window and take her.
Theresa : I gave her permission.
UNK: Captain Montgomery : It doesn't matter.
Beckett : You violated your husband's custodial rights.
Beckett : Custodial rights?
UNK: He didn't even notice that she was gone.
UNK: What kind of a father does that to his two-year-old child?
Alfred : Why would you do this? Why would you put us through that?
UNK: I mean, for God's sake, why not just divorce me?
Theresa : Oh, so that you can sue me for alimony?
Theresa : So that you can get half of everything?
Theresa : So that you can get custody of Angela
Theresa : because I'm at work all day and you can "be there for her"?
UNK: No.
Theresa : I've seen what happens to the guys at work. What happened to Doug Ellers.
Theresa : No way was that gonna happen to me.
Castle : You were paying the ransom to yourself.
Theresa : Once Angela returned,
Theresa : I would file for the papers.
Theresa : There would be nothing left for him to take.
Beckett : And if Angela was kidnapped when Alfred was taking care of her, then...
Theresa : The lawyer said that if I could prove him negligent, I would get custody.
Theresa : I wouldn't have to move out of the apartment that I paid for
Theresa : so that he could live here with my daughter.
Theresa : Do you know how hard it was to adopt her?
Theresa : How much it cost?
Theresa : Ten years!
Theresa : How many paintings have you sold, Alfred?
UNK: Huh?
Theresa : How many?
Alfred : How could you hate me so much?
Theresa : You made it easy.
Sorenson : So, how do you think she'll do?
Beckett : Well, it depends on how many mothers are on the jury.
UNK: So,
Sorenson : now that it's over,
Sorenson : now that I'm back, I was
Sorenson : thinking, maybe we could give it another shot.
Beckett : And when you leave again?
Sorenson : You come with me.