Beckett : I take comfort in the fact that, if they're already publishing the cover art,
UNK: then your book, and our little partnership, is almost done.
Castle : No coffee in here, sir.
Beckett : Sir, what's going on?
UNK: Two-year-old girl, Angela Candela, reported missing
UNK: by her parents about 8 : 00 this morning.
Beckett : Where'd they find the body?
UNK: Captain Montgomery : They haven't found her. She was abducted.
UNK: Captain Montgomery : Father was in the other room, painting.
Castle : - Kidnapped from her home? - I don't understand, sir.
Beckett : If this isn't a murder, why am I here?
UNK: Captain Montgomery : The feds requested you to be on the task force.
UNK: Captain Montgomery : - Feds? - FBI has jurisdiction
Beckett : over child abduction cases.
Castle : - Then why call me? - 'Cause I like pissing off the FBI.
UNK: Captain Montgomery : And because you think outside the box. That's something the Feebs rarely do.
Beckett : Sir, who's the special agent in charge?
UNK: Captain Montgomery : - Beckett, it doesn't matter... - Sir, who?
UNK: Sorenson.
Castle : Who's Sorenson?
Beckett : I thought that he was in...
Montgomery : In Boston? Not anymore. He's here.
Castle : Who's Sorenson?
Montgomery : This isn't gonna be a problem, is it, Detective?
Montgomery : I mean, we're all professionals here, right?
Castle : Actually, I'm not. Who's Sorenson?
Beckett : No, sir. Not a problem.
Montgomery : For what it's worth, that missing little girl
Montgomery : doesn't care about your history, nor do her terrified parents.
Montgomery : They just want their baby back alive.
Beckett : - Where is he, sir? - He's over there, talking to the parents.
UNK: Montgomery.
Alfred : Yeah, please. Whatever you need.
Sorenson : Excuse me.
Sorenson : Hello, Kate.
Beckett : Hello, Will. How long have you been back?
Beckett : A couple of months.
Beckett : Something wrong with Boston?
Sorenson : Fresh lobster gets old fast.
Sorenson : You look good.
Beckett : Thanks. I feel good. Uh...
Beckett : Agent Sorenson, this is Richard Castle.
Sorenson : The famous novelist.
Castle : Writer of wrongs.
UNK: So, Captain Montgomery filled me in on your little arrangement and I have
UNK: no problem with it, as long as it doesn't interfere with the investigation.
Castle : Oh, don't worry about me. Quiet as a mouse.
UNK: Angela Candela. Two years old.
UNK: Abducted this morning between 7 : 30 and 8 : 00 a. m.
UNK: Parents were home at the time.
Castle : How do you get abducted when your parents are home?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Dad got up with the kid about 7 : 00, let the mom sleep in.
Sorenson : He planted Angela in front of the tube with a juice box and some cereal,
Sorenson : then headed into his art studio.
UNK: Sorenson cont'd : Obviously, he's a painter.
Castle : He just left his kid?
Beckett : Did he hear anything, at least?
Sorenson : He was listening to his iPod.
Castle : Nothing like a little quality time with daddy.
Alfred : When I couldn't find her, I looked everywhere for her,