UNK: Okay.
Castle : It says, "Cross the street,
UNK: "then west on East 47th. "
UNK: Castle cont'd : - That's left, right? - Right.
Castle : Right, right? Or right, left?
UNK: Left.
UNK: "1201,1 st. " That's just ahead.
Esposito : Got it. We see him.
UNK: They want me to leave the bag at the shoeshine stand and exit out the side.
UNK: All right, I'm at the stand.
Sorenson : Have him make the drop.
Beckett : Castle, leave the bag. Make the drop and walk away.
Ryan : Coming in. We don't have him yet.
Castle : I just left it. I'm headed out.
Beckett : Esposito, Ryan, you got eyes?
Esposito : I see the shoeshine stand.
Ryan : Wait. I got the backpack.
Ryan : Asian male, long hair. I got him, I got him.
Esposito : Where's the girl? Where's Angela?
UNK: Asian Male : What girl? I don't know what you're talking about!
Esposito : Ryan! Ryan!
Beckett : The kidnappers posted an ad on Craigslist and said that this was
Beckett : a performance art piece for YouTube.
Sorenson : They sent out nearly two dozen of the backpacks.
Sorenson : The poster used an IP anonymizer, making it impossible to trace.
Alfred : So we just do nothing.
Castle : Well, I managed to slip the phone that the kidnappers gave me
UNK: inside the backpack.
Beckett : I don't understand.
Castle : Well, before I did that, I sent a text message to Detective Beckett.
Beckett : The phone's under a bulk account, so we can't trace its owner,
Beckett : but we can trace its ID.
Sorenson : So far, we've pinged the phone to a 20-block radius
Sorenson : on the Lower East Side. We'll need another few hours to narrow it down.
Sorenson : In the meantime, I moved a team into the area.
Sorenson : They'll work the streets. Be ready to move when we have more information.
Beckett : - Thanks. - Mmm-hmm.
Beckett : You okay?
Castle : I keep thinking, if only I saw who took that bag...
Beckett : Well, that wasn't your job.
UNK: I can't imagine anything like this ever happening to Alexis.
Beckett : We'll get her back soon.
Sorenson : Not as soon as we hoped.
Sorenson : They must've found it and taken the batteries out.
Sorenson : We just lost the signal from the phone.