Beckett : Okay, so this is usually the part where I ask if you've thought this through,
Beckett : and then I remembered you don't think things through.
Castle : Cold hands. Cold hands.
Beckett : These people are dangerous, Castle. You need to stay alert and focused.
Castle : "Alert and focused," got it.
UNK: Castle cont'd : Maybe if you just rub them together for a second...
UNK: Castle cont'd : Wait, alert and what?
UNK: Castle cont'd : I'm just kidding.
UNK: Fbi Tech crawford : - You're good to go. - Thanks.
Castle : Hey. It's gonna be okay.
Beckett : Look, about last night, what happened in the kitchen, I just...
Castle : Oh, listen, you don't need to explain that, that's...
Beckett : - I don't? - Unless you want to.
UNK: Uh...
UNK: No, you know, I just figured for the character, for Nikki Heat...
Castle : I think I understand Nikki Heat better than you think I do.
Beckett : Be careful, okay?
Castle : Do I detect actual concern for my well-being?
Beckett : Screw this up and I'll kill you.
Castle : That's more like it.
Castle : Okay, I have eyes on the target. Over.
Castle : Are you reading me?
Beckett : We can see you. Now shut up and focus.
Castle : Roger that. Five by five.
Sorenson : He's quite a guy.
Sorenson : If he only knew how big a fan you really are.
Beckett : Yeah well, he's not going to know.
Sorenson : You never told him how you stood in line for an hour
Sorenson : just to get your book signed?
Sorenson : How his novels got you through your mother's death?
Beckett : Is there anything you don't remember?
Sorenson : Not when it comes to you.
Castle : I feel like Michael finding the gun taped behind the toilet.
UNK: Castle cont'd : You might want to tell Ryan and Esposito to hang back.
UNK: Castle cont'd : They just sent a text. It says, "We're watching you. "
UNK: Could be just a ruse.
Castle : Nope. They just sent another one.
UNK: Castle cont'd : It says, "You're wearing a black raincoat. "
Beckett : Okay, so they can see you. That doesn't change anything.
UNK: - Tell him to stop fooling around. - Like that'll help.