Esposito : And she used this to knock them out.
Castle : The mug?
UNK: No, the taser. It's a modified taser.
UNK: It emits a disorienting light and amplified voltage.
Beckett : Enough voltage to stop a heart.
Esposito : And make the facial muscles contract.
Castle : I guess Amanda wanted the people responsible for her father's death
Castle : to suffer the same way he did.
Beckett : So, three days of fear capped with a dark, heart-stopping death.
Esposito : Yeah, but how did she get the power to go out?
Esposito : She used this.
Beckett : She attached it to the cabin's circuit breaker.
Beckett : It emits a magnetic charge that interferes with the system.
Beckett : So, I guess that there is a logical explanation for everything.
Castle : Oh, I don't know. What about Nigel?
Castle : How did his body go missing from his grave?
Ryan : I can answer that. Turns out he was never buried.
Ryan : His body disappeared from the morgue shortly after his death.
UNK: Police didn't wanna make it known, so they buried an empty coffin.
Ryan : But here's the odd thing. His body was never found.
UNK: So, he could still be out there.
UNK: Somewhere.
UNK: Okay, so, here's to a job well done.
Beckett : And now you can finally get rid of this bucket list of yours.
Castle : What's that look for?
UNK: "Be with Kate"?
Beckett : That's your number one? When did you write this?
UNK: Well, like, three years ago. Ooh! I can cross that one off.
Pearlmutter : Um, um...
UNK: Sorry, still one minute till midnight.
Beckett : Are you serious, Castle?
UNK: Yes, I'm serious. I'm not taking any chances.
Castle : This is one deadline I want to miss.
UNK: You know, you're right. It would be a shame if something happened to us,
UNK: because there is one thing on my bucket list
Beckett : that I would like to accomplish,
Beckett : And it involves a little trick that I do with ice.
UNK: See, now that definitely sounds worth living for.
Beckett : Hey, Castle!
Esposito : - I just... - The ice is melting.
UNK: Okay, I just... In three, two...