Freddie : But when I got there,
Freddie : all she did was accuse me of sending her some package.
Esposito : What package?
Freddie : I have no idea.
Freddie : But when I told her I didn't send her anything,
Freddie : she started freaking out.
Beckett : How was she freaking out?
UNK: She kept saying, "It's real."
Esposito : What's real?
Freddie : I don't know. She wasn't making any sense.
Freddie : She kept asking me if I believed in the power of evil.
UNK: I didn't wanna get in trouble for breaking the R.O.,
UNK: so I got out of there, went to hang out with friends.
UNK: But when I left that apartment,
Freddie : Val was alive. I swear.
Esposito : Freddie's alibi checks out.
Esposito : Friends confirm that he met them at 11 : 00,
UNK: they hung out at a club till dawn.
Beckett : So he's not our guy.
Castle : Well, I'll just point out
Castle : that Val asked him if he believed in the power of evil
Castle : and then was talking about how it was real.
Castle : - I hate to say it... - Then don't.
Beckett : Did CSU find a package at her apartment?
Esposito : No, but they were looking for evidence of the murder, not mail.
Beckett : So maybe that's what freaked Val out.
Beckett : She knew that that package was coming from her killer.
UNK: Did you find anything yet?
UNK: Yes.
UNK: A closet with more stilettos than yours. Didn't think it was possible.
Castle : How about you? Any luck?
UNK: Uh, yes, looks like the package she got
UNK: contained a CD or a DVD. So be on the lookout for a disc.
Castle : Disc? Gotcha.
UNK: Val Butler : Help me.
Castle : Uh, Beckett?
Castle : Beckett? Can you come here?
Video : You saw! Midnight, on the third day...
Video : You die!
UNK: You okay? Did you find something?
Castle : When did you say Val got that package?
Beckett : Three days before she died.
Castle : That was midnight on the third day.
Castle : She died because she saw this disc. And now I saw it.
Castle : Which means I'm next.
UNK: "Legend tells of a mysterious video
UNK: "that can harness the forces of evil from the beyond.
UNK: "The disc is a harbinger of grave misfortune,
Ryan : - Thanks, bro. - Yeah.
UNK: This is so pathetic. Fine, I will watch it.
Castle : Wait, no, what are you doing?
Beckett : Castle, I'm doing my job. Someone here has to.
Castle : Okay, think of the risks.
Castle : You may not think there's anything to this,
Castle : but what if you're wrong?
Beckett : You know, I appreciate your concern, but it's just a DVD.
UNK: You can't just play it. Let me take precautions here.
UNK: I don't want the whole precinct suffering my fate.