Mitch : The 13s.
Mitch : Those rooms, they're not normal rooms.
Mitch : They're reserved for people involved in trials at the courthouse.
Mitch : Down at 1135 Elm.
Esposito : 1135, that's the same number as the P.O. Box on that package.
UNK: That's got to be it, then.
Beckett : The murders have to be connected to a trial
Beckett : held at the courthouse in November of '08.
UNK: There was only one trial took place in November, '08.
Mitch : It was a terrible thing.
Esposito : You remember a trial from five years ago?
Mitch : No one here can forget.
Mitch : It was the trial of the century.
Mitch : That man murdered half a dozen people.
Beckett : Who are you talking about?
Mitch : Nigel Malloy.
Beckett : The serial killer?
Ryan : This is all about Nigel Malloy.
Castle : It makes perfect sense.
Castle : The clock tower from the DVD.
Castle : It's the same clock tower from the courthouse where he was tried.
Ryan : The rooftop and the alley were the scenes of his third and fourth murders.
Castle : Yeah. And Jason and Val, both witnesses in his 2008 murder trial.
Beckett : Okay, so somehow Nigel Malloy must be taking revenge
Beckett : against the people that testified against him.
Castle : Uh, yeah, there's only one problem.
Castle : Nigel Malloy is dead.
Castle : He died in prison three years ago.
Mitch : Nigel Malloy, they called him The Grim Reaper.
Castle : His signature?
Castle : Searing symbols, like the ones we saw in the video,
Castle : into the flesh of his victims.
Ryan : Turns out that Val and Jason
Ryan : were witnesses to the kidnapping of Malloy's first victim, Esther Alonzo.
Castle : He abducted her from an amusement park in New Jersey.
Castle : Tortured her in his basement for days before killing her.
Ryan : Had the local police running around in circles.
Ryan : They even arrested the wrong guy before capturing him, five bodies later.
Beckett : Well, considering he died in prison,
UNK: I'd say he has a pretty good alibi for our two murders.
Beckett : It's gotta be someone else.
Castle : Don't be so sure.
Castle : Take a look at what Nigel Malloy said
Castle : in an interview he did
Castle : right before he died.
Interviewer : So, Mr. Malloy,
Esposito : are you saying you actually believe you can't die?
UNK: My victims gave me unique insight into death, into its secrets.
UNK: Nigel Malloy : Even when my body perishes, my essence will continue on.
UNK: Nigel Malloy : I will continue on.
UNK: Nigel Malloy : You see, death is just the beginning.
Beckett : Wow. That guy gives a whole new meaning to the word "psycho."
UNK: Wonder if he did find a way to let his spirit live on.
UNK: Like the killer in those Chucky movies,
Ryan : who transferred his spirit into that spooky doll.
Castle : Exactly. Only instead of a doll, it's a DVD.
Castle : That explains the message, "You saw. You die."
UNK: The witnesses saw his crimes, so they must die.
Beckett : Well, then given that logic,
Beckett : we'd both be okay because we're not witnesses.
UNK: You're a cop. I'm a cop. Helper.
Castle : I mean, you don't think a convicted serial killer's
UNK: gonna have an ax to grind with the NYPD?
Beckett : Castle, Nigel Malloy is not involved. He's dead.
Beckett : But someone else might be acting on his behalf.
Beckett : Ryan, talk to the DA in Port Campbell.
Beckett : Let's locate those other witnesses and make sure they're safe.
Ryan : - Yeah. - The court records were sealed.
Castle : How would the killer know who the witnesses were?
UNK: Uh...
UNK: Well, wait a minute. Um...
Ryan : Nigel Malloy had a brother, Leopold.
Ryan : The DA accused him of helping dispose of the bodies.
Castle : Yes. The defense said that
Castle : Nigel had an almost hypnotic hold over his brother.
Ryan : He was found not guilty by reason of insanity,
Ryan : and they shipped him off to an asylum.
Beckett : - Is he still there? - Yeah, I'm checking.
Ryan : Oh, wait, this is interesting.
UNK: What?
UNK: The asylum that they sent him to, it's in Greenwich.
Castle : That's where Val went the day she got the DVD.
Beckett : She went to see Leopold Malloy.
UNK: Uh, yes, that young lady did stop by a few days ago.
Beckett : Do you have any idea what they talked about,
UNK: or what he might've said to her?
UNK: Nurse Lockheart : I'm afraid not, dear. You'll have to ask Mr. Malloy yourself.
Castle : You know, not for nothing, but what's he like?
Castle : I mean, on a scale of one to Hannibal Lecter,
Castle : what are we dealing with here?
UNK: I'm sorry, but doctor-patient privilege
UNK: Nurse Lockheart : prohibits us from characterizing or describing our patients' behavior.
Beckett : No, that's okay. We understand.
UNK: Nurse Lockheart : Here we are. Let's go over the rules.
UNK: Please don't hand him any objects or take anything from him.
UNK: Nurse Lockheart : Don't stand too close to the glass.
UNK: Nurse Lockheart : If you need any help, just press the red button on the wall behind you.
UNK: Nurse Lockheart : Okay? Now, please, just sign here,
UNK: Nurse Lockheart : acknowledging that you understand the rules.