UNK: You hear that?
UNK: That call came in at 11 : 59 from our vic, Val Butler.
UNK: She's an ad exec downtown. First responders came moments later.
UNK: That door was locked and that couch was in front of it.
UNK: No sign of forced entry.
UNK: Wow.
UNK: Richard Castle : She looks like she's been scared to death. Literally.
UNK: Sidney Pearlmutter : Is that based on your vast medical experience, Mr. Castle?
Castle : No. Based on the fact she looks like an Edvard Munch painting.
Castle : Really freaky.
UNK: Kate Beckett : So what was the cause of death?
Pearlmutter : Well, there's no external trauma, no puncture or stab wounds.
Pearlmutter : Once I get her on the slab,
Pearlmutter : I'll know more about how she died and who did it.
UNK: If it was a "who."
UNK: Meaning?
UNK: Meaning she said, "It's coming for me," not "he" or "she," but "it."
Castle : Look at what she was researching here.
UNK: "How to keep away evil. How to ward off evil spirits."
Castle : A book on urban legends. Over by the door, horseshoes.
UNK: I've clocked two Indian wood chimes, there and there.
Castle : These are things used to ward off evil spirits.
UNK: Like Perlmutter.
Pearlmutter : I heard that.
Esposito : What are you saying, Castle? Oh, was the bogeyman out to get her?
Castle : I'm saying maybe that's what she thought.
UNK: Why she said, "'lt's' coming for me," why the lights went out,
Castle : why she inexplicably died and why she looks so scared.
Beckett : She was scared because she was about to be killed by an actual person.
Beckett : So we should spend our time looking for that person.
Beckett : Let's set up a canvass and talk to everyone in the building
Beckett : that might have seen or heard something.
Amanda : What happened to Val?
Operator : What's going on?
Amanda : I work nights as a research assistant at the college.
UNK: But I should've stayed home last night. I knew something was up with her.
Beckett : What do you mean?
Amanda : She's been weird the past couple of days.
Amanda : She hadn't been eating or sleeping.
Amanda : She was really paranoid, always locking the doors.
Castle : Did she say what was wrong?
Amanda : I asked, but she said she didn't wanna talk about it.
Beckett : Amanda, do you know of anyone that would've wanted to hurt her?
Amanda : Her ex-boyfriend.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Boyfriend's name is Freddie Baker, 31. Quite the resume.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Resisting arrest, assault and battery.
Castle : - Sounds like a prince. - Yeah, Val wised up, though.
Ryan : She filed a restraining order against him after they broke up.
Ryan : Esposito's checking into where he was last night.
UNK: So what did we get from Val's family and friends?
Ryan : Just that they hadn't heard from her in the last three days.
Ryan : - She wasn't returning their messages. - Three days.
Castle : That's how long Val's roommate said she'd been acting strangely.
Ryan : Yeah. So I dug into the last 72 hours of her life.
Ryan : Besides a credit card charge for a train ticket to Greenwich,
Ryan : there was nothing else unusual.
Beckett : What was she doing in Greenwich?
UNK: I'm still looking into that.
Ryan : But as far as abnormalities for the last few days, that was it.
Castle : Uh, no, there's more.
Castle : The wind chime, the horseshoe, the book on urban legends?
Castle : All bought online two days ago.
UNK: Almost as if Val thought some kind of evil spirit was coming for her.
Beckett : Castle, what she thought was gonna happen
Beckett : versus what actually happened are two completely different things.
Esposito : Yeah, because if Val was a victim of anything,
UNK: it's her lousy taste in men.
Esposito : Canvass popped. One of her neighbors
Esposito : saw Freddie in the building an hour before her death.
UNK: Freddie Baker : I would never hurt Val. I loved her.
Beckett : Really? Then how do you explain
Beckett : this restraining order that she filed against you?
Beckett : Was that a love letter?
Freddie : A misunderstanding.
Esposito : Well, we have a witness that saw you in Val's apartment last night, Freddie.
Freddie : But I didn't kill her.
Freddie : Yes, I went over there, but only because she begged me to.
Beckett : Do you actually expect us to believe
Beckett : that she invited you over to her apartment
Beckett : after she filed a restraining order?
Freddie : It's true. She said she wanted to get back together.