Castle : Okay. Okay.
UNK: You wanna hold my hand?
Beckett : Castle, I'm not scared.
Castle : - Well, I wasn't asking for you. - Mmm.
Beckett : Are you ready?
Castle : Does it matter?
UNK: Val Butler : Help me.
Beckett : What are those sounds?
UNK: Right? It gets worse.
Castle : Wait for it.
Video : You saw! Midnight, on the third day...
Video : You die!
UNK: You're right. It is kind of creepy.
Beckett : Thank you.
Beckett : Because the killer made it creepy, Castle.
UNK: Maybe these images meant something to the victim,
Beckett : clues to the relationship between her and the killer.
UNK: Wait.
Castle : Go back.
Castle : That one there, that's the, um...
Castle : That's the Tibetan Wheel. It symbolizes rebirth.
Castle : Hang on.
Castle : That is the Masonic Compass. That's...
Castle : They felt it represented, uh, resurrection.
Beckett : - Your point being? - Oh.
Castle : Rebirth? Resurrection?
Castle : This video obviously resurrects something from the great beyond,
Castle : something dangerous, something murderous.
Castle : I mean, what other explanation can there be?
Beckett : There are plenty of explanations, Castle,
Beckett : and none of them are supernatural.
UNK: In fact, I bet Perlmutter has our cause of death by now.
Beckett : Those tox and autopsy reports should be done.
Pearlmutter : Ah, Detective Beckett,
Pearlmutter : and Defective Castle.
UNK: So, Perlmutter, how was Val Butler killed?
Pearlmutter : It appears she died of heart failure.
Castle : At 27?
Beckett : Did she have heart problems?
Pearlmutter : Well, she certainly did once it stopped beating.
Beckett : What made it stop?
UNK: Is it possible that she was poisoned or OD'd on drugs?
Pearlmutter : Nothing showed up on her blood panels.
Castle : What about what caused her, um...
UNK: Well, post-mortem contractions of the facial muscles are not unheard of.
Castle : - You don't know what killed her. - I wouldn't say that.
Castle : - Do you have a theory? - Not at the present time.
Castle : That means you don't know.
Castle : And the only explanation is that Val faced something so scary,
Castle : it stopped her heart and froze her face in the last expression she had.
Castle : Terror. Admit it.