Esposito : We're dealing with a guy who has a return address.
UNK: Uh-huh.
UNK: Why does everybody keep asking about box 1135?
Ryan : Wait, who else has been asking about it?
Tommy : Some brunette chick came in here a couple of days ago.
UNK: Probably Val. What'd you tell her?
UNK: Nothing, brah. It's against company policy.
UNK: Well, I think that this trumps company policy.
Ryan : So, who owns the box?
Tommy : Ah, that's the weird thing.
UNK: The guy who owns it died, like, three months ago.
Tommy : So he couldn't have sent that package unless it was from the great beyond.
Ryan : The box was last rented by an Andrew Levine,
Ryan : who died of liver failure three months ago.
Ryan : Somehow I don't think he's connected to this case.
Beckett : So the killer covered his tracks.
Beckett : He must have written a random P.O. Box on the packaging slip.
Val : - Or... - No!
UNK: Ryan! There is no "or."
Castle : Maybe we should make a copy of the DVD and send it to someone else.
Castle : That's how they saved people in The Ring.
Ryan : Yeah, but all those people who got a copy died.
Esposito : Yeah, and you'd just be passing the buck off to someone else.
Esposito : That's cold, bro.
Castle : Okay, does anyone have a better solution? Because we need one.
Castle : If not for me, at least for Beckett.
Beckett : Castle, that's so sweet. You want me to outlive you?
Castle : Of course.
UNK: Who else is gonna tell my tale of sacrifice and selflessness?
Beckett : Okay, we won't be telling anyone anything.
UNK: We're both gonna be fine.
Castle : How can you say that when we have not one but two dead DVD watchers?
Beckett : There's gotta be a better connection between our two victims than that disc.
Beckett : Ryan, can you check in with Jason's family,
Beckett : see if anyone recognizes Val?
Ryan : Yeah, on it.
Beckett : Espo, why don't you cross-reference their records
Beckett : and see if there are any similarities between the two of them?
UNK: If there's going to be pictures of us hanging up there,
Castle : we should really pick them out now.
Beckett : You know, Castle,
UNK: we could always use the photo that I took of you in bed the other night.
Castle : I don't know if that's how I wanna be remembered.
Beckett : Castle, I was joking.
Beckett : There will be no photos of us on that murder board.
UNK: By tomorrow, we are gonna find a connection between our two victims
Beckett : that will lead us straight to a flesh-and-blood killer.
Beckett : In the meantime,
Beckett : it's getting kind of late. Okay?
Beckett : So why don't we just call it a night?
Beckett : You know what, actually,
Beckett : we could go back to my place tonight and take some more photos.
Castle : Well, I might be... Whoa, wait a minute.
Castle : In every horror movie I've ever seen,
Castle : having sex pretty much guarantees we will die.
Castle : So, for the safety of us both, I say we just hold off.
Beckett : Are you sure? I mean, think about it, Castle.
Beckett : This could be our last time.
Beckett : That's... Okay.
Castle : What you're doing right now, this is not helping.
Castle : I'm gonna remove myself from temptation.
Castle : A good night's sleep will give me some perspective.
UNK: All right, this is...
Operator : - Hello? - Wes! Hey, it's Rick.
UNK: Jeez, Rick, it's after midnight.
Castle : Yeah, sorry. I just, um... I need some advice.
UNK: Is Stephen King beating you at Texas Hold 'Em again?
UNK: Yeah, right.
UNK: No, but, um, this is actually about your movies.
UNK: I mean, the name Wes Craven is synonymous with horror.
UNK: You've made a fortune scaring the crap out of people.