Castle : All right, let's hear it.
Beckett : Hear what?
Castle : Your explanation for this.
Castle : If there's one thing I can always count on,
Castle : it's you and your logic, so...
Beckett : You want me to explain the dead serial killer's missing body?
Beckett : I don't know what happened here. Yet.
Castle : That's it? That's all you've got?
Beckett : But I can assure you that it has nothing to do with
Beckett : Nigel Malloy rising from the dead.
Beckett : It's his brother. Leopold Malloy is behind all of this.
UNK: Yo, it doesn't look like Leopold has anything to do with this.
Beckett : No, that can't be right.
UNK: I think the guy's crazy, but he was right about one thing.
Esposito : He has no phone, no email and no visitors besides Val.
Beckett : There's gotta be some way of proving that Leopold's behind all this.
Esposito : I can't tell you how he did it, but I can tell you who's next.
Esposito : I checked into the court documents on the Malloy trial.
Esposito : I noticed a pattern.
Esposito : Jason was the first person to testify, and he was also the first one to die.
Esposito : A day later, Val, the second person to testify, was killed.
Beckett : Okay, so they're being killed in order of their testimonies.
Castle : Who's lucky number three?
UNK: Uh, Mark Heller. I talked to his girlfriend.
Esposito : He received a disc three days ago.
Castle : That means he's due to die tonight at midnight. That's in four hours.
UNK: - And where's Mark Heller now? - That's the problem.
Esposito : He watched the video, he freaked out and left the house.
Esposito : - Nobody knows where he went. - I might.
Ryan : Heller's financials show
Ryan : that he bought groceries at a store outside Kingston yesterday.
Ryan : His family owns a cabin up there.
Esposito : That's probably where he's holed up.
Beckett : Okay. Esposito, you keep digging into Leopold.
UNK: Ryan,
Beckett : Find the other witnesses. Make sure they're safe.
Beckett : Castle and I will head off to Kingston and see if we can get Heller.
Castle : We're going to a cabin in the woods in the middle of nowhere?
Ryan : Yeah. So?
Castle : So, it's like the coed checking out
Castle : the strange noise in the basement in a slasher pic.
Castle : It's a recipe for disaster.
Beckett : It's not a slasher flick. It's a murder investigation.
Beckett : And I'm going up to that cabin. So, you coming or what?
Castle : Well, I can't let you go alone.
Castle : But I need to make a stop first.
Castle : Okay. So I've got incense, palaspas, bagua mirror.
Castle : This is a veritable war chest for fighting evil spirits.
Beckett : - Is that holy water? - Yeah.
UNK: Where'd you get that from?
Castle : A priest blessed this for me two years ago.
Beckett : And you just keep it around?
Castle : Knew it would come in handy one day.
Castle : Now, what weapon do you want?
Beckett : I think I'll be fine with my gun.
Castle : There's not just one tiny part of you that wonders if I might be right?
Ryan : - Hey, Beckett? - Ryan?
Ryan : Hey, Beckett?
Castle : Hey, I...
UNK: Ryan...
Beckett : I think we're in a bad area. I'm having a hard time hearing you.
Ryan : Okay, then, I'll make it quick.
Ryan : I just finished with the last of the remaining witnesses.
Ryan : None of them got a disc.
Beckett : So the killer only targeted the first three witnesses?
Ryan : Well, either that or he hasn't gotten around to the others yet.
Castle : Dude, you're breaking up.
Castle : - Hang on. - Yo, check this out.
Esposito : Looks like Val, Jason and Mark Heller had something else in common.
Ryan : Hey, Beckett...
Ryan : ...not what we think.
Ryan : Beckett? Beckett!
Beckett : I can't get him back. I don't have any reception.
Beckett : There's Heller's car. He's here.
Castle : Yeah, I haven't got any bars either.
Beckett : Yeah, well, we are in the middle of nowhere.
Castle : Can this get any worse?
Castle : A dead serial killer has gone missing,
Castle : we've both seen a cursed disc,
Castle : we're at a cabin in the woods with no cell phone reception.
Castle : I don't need Wes Craven to tell me how this ends.
Beckett : Well, think about it this way, Castle.
UNK: In all those horror movies, someone survives.
Castle : Yeah. Someone. One of us.
Castle : And the other one is cursed with being charming and funny.
Castle : I don't think I need to tell you
Castle : what kind of chances the comic-relief guy has.
Esposito : Mark Heller?
Esposito : Mark Heller?
UNK: Jeez!
UNK: Can't say I'm a fan of the decor.
Beckett : Yeah, well, neither am I. But we're just here to find...
UNK: Mark Heller : Unless you leave, you're gonna die.
Beckett : Mr. Heller, I'm Detective Beckett. NYPD.
Mark : Well, then you won't mind showing me ID.
Mark : Can't be too cautious.
Mark : Not with Malloy witnesses dropping like flies.
Beckett : Look, we know about the disc.
Beckett : We're here to take you to the precinct where we can protect you.
Mark : You can't protect me. He's back.
Castle : Look, Mark, if the pattern holds, you got two minutes before,
Beckett : you know, so let's talk about this in the car.
UNK: You know, just being in the same courtroom as Malloy
Mark : was enough to make a grown man wet himself.
Mark : Psycho yammering about death and rebirth and all that hoo-ha.
Castle : Okay, hoo-ha, we can be talking about...
Mark : You know, neither me nor Val nor Jason
Mark : wanted to testify against him or the other guy.
UNK: What do you mean "the other guy"? Are you talking about Leopold?
Mark : Oh, God.
Castle : Time's up.