UNK: Leopold Malloy : Please, have a seat. I so rarely receive visitors.
Beckett : But you have received a visitor recently.
Beckett : Val Butler.
Beckett : Why was she here?
UNK: Oh, sweet girl. She came to ask me if I'd sent her something.
Castle : And did you?
Leopold : How could I? I can't send anything to anyone.
UNK: You could've just gotten someone else to send it to her,
UNK: just like you could've gotten someone else to kill her.
Leopold : And why would I do such a thing?
Beckett : To perpetuate the myth of your brother's immortality.
Beckett : Or to avenge his death.
Leopold : I am not my brother's keeper, Detective Beckett.
Leopold : I never was. And I don't share his murderous impulses.
Castle : Yet, you're still in here.
Pearlmutter : For now.
Leopold : But when my appeal comes through, who knows?
UNK: We could all meet on the street one day.
UNK: On that day, I might cross the street.
Leopold : I'm no danger to anyone.
Leopold : I never was.
Leopold : So why would I jeopardize my appeal by being party to a murder?
Beckett : Because you knew you could get away with it.
Beckett : You're locked up.
Beckett : You have the perfect alibi.
Leopold : I have the perfect alibi because I'm innocent.
Leopold : I don't have TV or Internet access. I don't send or receive mail.
Leopold : The only personal contact I have is through visitors.
UNK: And Val is the last one I've had in years.
Leopold : So who could I have sent to dispatch her or the other witness?
UNK: But we never actually said anything about the other witness being killed.
Castle : So how would you know anything about that?
Leopold : I think it's time for you to go. I have nothing more to say.
Beckett : Look, he told us everything.
UNK: That slip-up proves
UNK: that he's been talking with someone about those murders.
Castle : There is one other way he could've gotten that information.
Castle : He could be talking to his brother.
Beckett : Castle, he was talking with someone on the outside.
Beckett : He hasn't been communing with the dead.
Castle : Well, we can't be sure. And we're running out of time.
UNK: So I'm gonna scratch off number 27 on my bucket list.
UNK: Do you remember that, uh,
Castle : blue porcelain vase you had on your dining table?
UNK: Yeah, the one that the wind blew over.
Castle : Yeah, about that.
Castle : I was playing Wii Tennis in the living room...
Beckett : You broke my vase?
UNK: "Vase." Vase is acceptable, too.
Beckett : You know what, you can stop worrying about the spirits getting to you,
Beckett : because I just might kill you myself.
UNK: Seriously? You wanna spend our last day on Earth fighting?
UNK: Ryan.
Beckett : Hey, we need you to subpoena records from the asylum,
Beckett : see who Leopold was in contact with by phone or over email.
Ryan : Yeah, sure. But, just so you know, there's been a development.
Beckett : What do you mean? What kind of a development?
Ryan : Well, while looking into the Malloys,
Ryan : Nigel's name came up on a police report.
Beckett : What kind of a report?
UNK: He was, um, reported missing a few days ago.
Beckett : Missing? The guy has been dead for over three years.
Castle : Yeah, about that.
Ryan : The groundskeeper at the cemetery where Nigel was buried
UNK: noticed that his plot has been disturbed.
Castle : As in, dug up?
Ryan : Not just dug up.
Ryan : Nigel Malloy's body has disappeared.
Castle : It hasn't disappeared.
Castle : He's risen from the grave.