UNK: My Soul to Take, all the Nightmare on Elm Streets, terrifying.
UNK: Wes Craven : So you call me up in the middle of the night
UNK: Wes Craven : to join my fan club, what?
Castle : No. I know that you've researched
Castle : evil spirits who reach out from the beyond for all your films.
Castle : Of course.
Castle : I was just wondering if you knew how to stop those pesky suckers.
UNK: Wes Craven : Is this you making your own movie?
UNK: Wes Craven : I mean, are you writing a horror screenplay?
Castle : Yes. I just thought I'd give you a little friendly competition.
Castle : Just got a little writer's block, is all.
UNK: Wes Craven : Okay, what's the story?
UNK: Um...
UNK: A ruggedly handsome hero and his notoriously practical lady friend
Castle : watch a disc that's killing its viewers within three days.
UNK: Wes Craven : Really? You don't think that's a little derivative?
UNK: Yes, but I am hoping to distinguish the ending.
Castle : You know, make the third act a survival tale rather than a bloodbath.
Castle : I just can't figure out how to get my heroes out of this mess.
UNK: Wes Craven : So, the key is always in the spirit's origin story.
UNK: Wes Craven : Once you have that, you can start to figure out the spirit's weaknesses.
UNK: Wes Craven : If it's using the disc as its portal into our world...
Castle : Then the disc would contain clues as to the spirit's story.
Castle : Wes, thank you. Thank you.
Castle : Listen, buddy, it's late. I gotta go.
UNK: Wes Craven : Friendly competition, my ass.
Beckett : You guys have got to be kidding me.
Beckett : We didn't find a single connection between our victims?
UNK: No, the two were as different as night and day.
Ryan : Jason was a retired ex-army doc. Val was a young Manhattan ad exec.
Esposito : Val was born in Florida. Jason grew up in lowa.
Ryan : They didn't share any friends. They weren't family.
Beckett : And none of Jason's relatives recognized Val's photo?
UNK: No. And nobody from Val's family had ever seen or heard of Jason.
Ryan : We're still looking through their records, but so far, nothing.
Beckett : So we're at a dead end?
UNK: Ah, maybe not.
Castle : After much reflection,
Castle : I realized the key to solving this is figuring out the story on the DVD.
UNK: To that end, I crowdsourced one of the images to my legion of followers.
Ryan : And someone recognized it?
Castle : Oh, you betcha. According to bedazzlecats39,
Castle : you're looking at the Brunswick Inn in Port Campbell.
Ryan : Bingo. Val's credit card records show
Ryan : that she spent a few nights at the Brunswick Inn in November, 2008.
Esposito : Looks like Jason crashed there, too. Also in November, 2008.
Beckett : Okay, so both of our victims stayed at that inn at the same time.
UNK: So, maybe they were having an affair.
UNK: Well, in 2008, Val would've been 24.
UNK: Jason would've been 66. An affair would've been...
Castle : - Gross. - I was gonna say unlikely.
Esposito : Doesn't look like an affair. They stayed in separate rooms.
Ryan : Well, the victims were at the inn, the inn was on the disc.
UNK: There's gotta be a connection.
Castle : The inn must be the place
Castle : where some unspeakable horror befell the spirits. Think about it.
Castle : The Ring, Psycho, The Shining.
UNK: It's when we get to the creepy old motel
Castle : that everything starts really going south.
Castle : So, this must be the location of the spirit's origin story.
Beckett : Or somehow Val and Jason connected with the human killer at that inn.
Castle : My version's better.
Beckett : Why don't you look into the Brunswick Inn,
Beckett : see if there are any red flags, past crimes?
Beckett : Castle and I will go to Port Campbell and see what we can find.
UNK: Maybe I should stay here.
Castle : I mean, the inn is just one piece of the puzzle.
UNK: I should really check the other images on the video,
Castle : see what I can figure out.
Ryan : Whoa! You're volunteering to watch that thing again?
UNK: Yeah, not like I can get any deader.
UNK: Hello?
Beckett : It doesn't look like there's anyone here.
Esposito : Doesn't look like anyone's been here this century.
Beckett : You're not buying into Castle's spirit craziness, are you?
UNK: No.
Esposito : You think I'm afraid of some old campfire story?
Esposito : - I'm a grown-ass man. - Need help?
Esposito : Just so you know, um, that was me being startled, not scared.
Esposito : - You run this place? - 41 years now.
Mitch : But you're in the wrong place. We're closed for the season.
Beckett : We just need to ask you a few questions.
Beckett : Do you recognize these people?
Beckett : Val Butler and Jason Bennett. They stayed here back in 2008.
Mitch : Long time ago, 2008. Seen a lot of faces come and go.
UNK: They would've been here in November.
Beckett : Do you remember anything unusual from that period?
Mitch : You wouldn't happen to know their room numbers?
Esposito : Yeah, uh, 213 and 313.