Cuddy : All right. Great.
Cameron : We need to talk.
Cuddy : Unless it's life or death, it's gonna have to wait.
Chase : It's about Dibala.
Cuddy : Let me rephrase, unless it's a current...
Chase : Foreman can't present the case at the M&M.
Cuddy : I know you guys are busy, but he's just gonna have to suck it up and make the time.
Chase : It's not the time.
Cuddy : Then what is it?
Foreman : The anticentromere antibodies test,
Chase : the test that caused us to change the treatment
Chase : from blastomycosis to scleroderma, it wasn't...
UNK: It wasn't what?
UNK: Dr. Cuddy, they need you in the Pediatric ICU.
Cuddy : Who's they? I don't know,
Nurse : but I think they're lawyers.
Cuddy : If you guys screwed something up, just come clean.
UNK: It's not gonna be that bad.
Ken : With all due respect, you don't know what's at stake here.
Cuddy : What's going on? You need to stop him.
Ken : He's about to ruin his life.
Roy : Like you give a damn about my life.
Oliver : Roy, he's right.
Oliver : You're borrowing money to buy options that are already out of the money.
Oliver : Even you won't be able to cover the losses.
Oliver : Your house, cars, bank accounts, you'll lose everything.
House : That's the point.
House : The billionaire thinks that the gods will treat him better if he's broke.
House : I suggested he give it to me...
UNK: There has got to be some sort of balance.
Roy : You can't have all the good fortune in just one area of your life.
UNK: That's not how the world's supposed to work.
House : Who said the world was supposed to work?
Oliver : Don't just wipe everything out.
Oliver : Put your assets in a trust,
Oliver : give it to a charity... I can't get anything back.
Oliver : He's insane. He's irrational,
House : so are most people. Unfortunately, it doesn't make them insane.
Ken : If he signs that paper, he's not only gonna destroy his own life,
Ken : but the lives of thousands of people who rely on this company to make a living.
Ken : If he is insane, we will sue this hospital...
Lady : Mr. Randall,
Cuddy : I know you're upset, but you shouldn't make a decision like this right now.
Cuddy : Give it some time.
Roy : My son doesn't have any time.
Foreman : Your son's dying from an incurable disease, not bad karma.
Roy : No. He's not dying.
UNK: It's not gonna happen. I'm not gonna let it.
UNK: Roy.
UNK: Please.
Thirteen : I'm sorry. I can't let him die.
House : People don't get what they deserve.
UNK: They just get what they get, and there's nothing any of us can do about it.
Roy : Deliver it, or I'll make sure you end up the ones with nothing.
Foreman : Call a code. He's flat-lining.
UNK: Thanks.
Wilson : You're welcome. For what?
Thirteen : For thinking I was worth breaking the law to keep around.