House : Brain cancer?
Chase : We should know for sure by the morning.
Roy : Our luck just keeps getting worse, huh?
Cameron : Treatment options are getting better every day.
Cameron : There's no visible mass, so even if the biopsy comes back positive,
Cameron : we've caught it early.
Roy : Oh, so, you're telling me this is good news?
Cameron : I'm saying we will do whatever we can.
UNK: Right.
Thirteen : I'm sorry.
UNK: I gotta go. Foreman needs more help with the M&M prep.
Cameron : Okay. I'll come up and help after I finish the biopsy.
Chase : We can handle it. I'll see you at home later.
Cameron : If you're here, I might as well be.
Chase : Go home. Get some rest.
UNK: 'Cause I'm gonna be waking you up as soon as I get home.
Thirteen : Stay out of my life.
UNK: Okay.
Thirteen : I know you canceled my reservation.
Thirteen : You obviously saw me log in when you were spying on me in the coffee shop.
House : I was talking to you.
House : I was spying on the MILF in the running shorts.
Thirteen : I'm not coming back on the team.
House : I don't want you back on the team.
Thirteen : I cannot work for, with, or around Foreman.
House : Which is why I don't want you back on the team.
House : Now that you're out of the picture, he's better than ever,
UNK: which is gonna make me less miserable than ever,
House : which is why neither of us gives a damn
House : how, when, or on what island in the Bahamas you wanna get away from it all.
House : The Bahamas?
House : Costa Rica?
Thirteen : I told you, Thailand.
UNK: Cab Driver : I assumed you were lying
House : because it would have been idiotic of you to tell me the truth.
House : Yet another reason I have no use for you.
Foreman : We've got a problem.
Foreman : When Cameron sent Dibala's blood to the lab,
Foreman : she specifically asked for the anticentromere antibodies test.
UNK: So?
Foreman : The printout they sent you included just the anticentromere antibodies,
Foreman : but the lab also did a full blood panel.
Chase : So? I'm not an idiot.
Chase : I obviously made sure the cadaver I got the sample from had the same blood type.
Foreman : You apparently didn't check his cholesterol.
Chase : How far off?
UNK: Twenty percent.
Chase : Dibala didn't die of high cholesterol.
Chase : Why would anyone even bother to compare the two reports?
Foreman : The same reason I did.
Foreman : Because they're looking for anything we might've screwed up.
Chase : We could claim the blood analyzer broke.
Cameron : We can't.
Foreman : Cameron documented that it was perfectly calibrated when she did the test.
Chase : So the numbers are off. It's weird, who cares?
Chase : If it comes up, just act surprised,
Chase : like it's some irrelevant curiosity.
Foreman : I can't do this. I can't go in there and stack lie upon lie.
Foreman : You've got to figure out a way to explain this.
UNK: Hey. Hey.
Cameron : Missed you this morning. Yeah, sorry.
Chase : I needed to get in early. I didn't want to wake you.
Cameron : I thought you did want to wake me.
Cameron : At least that's what you said last night. I'm out of here.
Cameron : No, no. I got the biopsy results. It's not cancer.
Foreman : How can so much be wrong with nothing being wrong?
UNK: Since when is cancer being considered nothing?
Cameron : I just said it's not cancer. The cell morphologies were all normal.
Foreman : And so are the most recent CT scans.
House : On the other hand,
House : adenocarcinoma of the stomach would cause pain,
UNK: constipation, and nutritional deficiencies that could cause seizures.
Foreman : And wouldn't show on a CT.