House : You were right about the cancer, just wrong about the place.
House : Continue to say nothing if you agree.
Foreman : Go scope him, get another set of biopsies.
UNK: I get canceling her ticket,
House : if you then showed up with two more to somewhere better.
Foreman : What are you talking about?
House : Or showed up at all.
House : But how does just ruining her plans get her to agree to yours?
Foreman : You talking about Thirteen?
Foreman : Where's she going?
House : Nowhere this week, thanks to you.
Foreman : I didn't stop her. I'm not gonna stop her.
Foreman : I've already done all I could. Now all I can do is move on.
House : I think I actually believe you.
House : If you're telling the truth,
House : you're even more rational than I...
House : Well, not more.
House : Then again, more sane.
UNK: You're gonna be a good boss, boss.
Cuddy : I told you, there's nothing wrong.
Cameron : There's obviously something wrong,
Cameron : and I'm not even saying we need to talk about it right now.
Cameron : I just don't see why you have to deny it.
Cameron : I'm not.
Cameron : Now you're denying you're denying.
Chase : No. I'm denying that there's anything to deny.
Cameron : Robert, you can't do this. You can't hide things from me.
Chase : There's a problem with the Dibala M&M.
Chase : The HDL numbers on one of his early blood panels don't match a later panel.
Cameron : That's weird.
UNK: Yeah.
Chase : It's no big deal.
Chase : Cholesterol didn't have anything to do with his death,
UNK: but after being let go from Mercy,
Chase : and then that thing with Thirteen's drug trial,
Chase : Foreman's paranoid about people questioning the way he handled the case.
Cameron : Well, that's ridiculous. If anything, Foreman should be feeling secure.
Cameron : He's the one who had the right diagnosis, we talked him out of it.
Roy : I know. Don't tell him I told you.
Chase : He doesn't want to show any signs of weakness,
Chase : especially now that House is claiming he wants him to stay in charge.
Cameron : All right.
Roy : So it's still cancer. It's just somewhere else.
Cameron : That's what we're looking for,
Cameron : but it would explain all the symptoms
UNK: and all the normal tests and imaging studies.
Chase : Got biopsies of the mucosa and the submucosa.
UNK: I'm moving towards the pylorus.
Roy : It's my fault.
Cameron : Adenocarcinomas aren't caused by diet or environmental factors.
Roy : I inherited a $10 million pipeline business when I was 24.
Roy : By the time I was 30, it was worth over a billion.
Roy : Since then, I have been involved in over 50 deals
Roy : that make that first one look like a loser.
Roy : Everything I do, everything I touch, turns to gold,
Roy : except my family.
Roy : First, my wife and now my son.
Roy : This is my fault.
Roy : It's karma.
Cameron : That's obviously not true.
Chase : He's seizing again.
Cameron : Get the scope out.
UNK: We need five milligrams diazepam.
Chase : How's the ICP?
UNK: It's eight.
Cameron : But the shunt's open and clear.
Cameron : This isn't intracranial pressure.
Chase : Then what the hell is it?
Chase : Seizure's stopped, but he hasn't regained consciousness.
Chase : No sign of any masses in his stomach or esophageal lining.
Chase : And he's still accumulating subdural and peritoneal fluid.
House : And every time we look to see where it's coming from, he starts seizing.
Foreman : You think we're setting this off?
House : I think something is.
Foreman : One of his stomach biopsies shows an arteriole partially occluded.
Cameron : But with no abnormality in the other layers,
Cameron : and no evidence of a cellular inflammatory reaction.