House : That, I did not expect.
Roy : What the hell is that supposed to mean?
House : Darn it. I knew I should've stayed outside.
UNK: The fantasy is always much better than the reality.
Roy : You think this is a joke? That's my son.
Roy : He's dying, and not one of you seem to have the slightest clue why.
House : I know. That's why it's so interesting.
House : Fever, stomach pain, seizures,
House : peritoneal and subdural fluid collection and now spots.
Foreman : Could be an allergic reaction to one of his meds.
House : That suddenly developed eight hours after he started the meds?
Cameron : If it's not cancer or infection, it has to be autoimmune.
Cameron : Systemic lupus complicated by a CNS vasculitis
Cameron : would explain the rash, fever, ascites...
House : CNS vasculitis would cause a stiff neck along with the headache.
Foreman : And would've showed up on the dural biopsy.
Chase : What about polyarteritis nodosa? It can occur in kids.
Foreman : Except you can't have arteritis without inflammation.
Chase : Okay, you come up with something better.
House : Go on.
Chase : There was some inflammation in the skin biopsy.
Chase : Plus he's got elevated diastolic pressure.
Foreman : It's barely elevated,
Foreman : which you'd expect given the number of procedures he's undergone.
Chase : Well, barely is more than not barely.
House : Not my decision.
House : But if it was, I'd say start him on prednisone
House : and get a testicular biopsy.
UNK: If he's gonna have any real inflammation, it'll be down there.
Foreman : Cameron and I will do it.
Cameron : Why? It was Chase's idea.
UNK: Kid's father is not gonna be happy about a fourth set of biopsies,
Formean : and you've got a better rapport.
Cameron : What's really going on here?
Cameron : You need Chase to help you over-prep for the M&M?
UNK: Yes.
Cameron : Then say so, don't be a child.
House : Is it on his penis?
UNK: The kid's rash?
Cameron : Yeah, why?
House : Means it's most likely affecting the small blood vessels.
House : That's why we didn't see any inflammation on the biopsies.
House : It's not polyarteritis, it's Degos disease.
Foreman : I'll do it.
House : Your son has Degos disease.
UNK: It causes micro-blood vessels in the brain,
UNK: skin, and GI tract to break down, clot off.
House : It sometimes manifests early on with atrophic papules on the penis.
House : In your son's case, we don't know why, but they came much later.
Roy : What's the treatment?
House : There isn't one.
House : It's incurable.
Roy : You're wrong.
Roy : You've already been wrong a bunch of times.
UNK: We rechecked the biopsies. It's definitely Degos.
House : I'm sorry. I wish there was something we could do.
UNK: Cab Driver : How long?