House : It's definitely not cancer.
Chase : Then it has to be some sort of infection.
Foreman : We already ruled out infection.
Chase : Only because he was treated for it and got worse.
Foreman : Seems like a sound reason.
Chase : Unless it's a drug-resistant strain.
Chase : Drug-resistant strain of what?
House : Bacterial cultures, viral serologies,
UNK: ANA and ANCA were all negative.
Chase : Everything's negative. We obviously missed something.
Cameron : Maybe the seizures aren't a new symptom, they're an old one.
Chase : No doctor noticed a thrashing kid?
Cameron : Abdominal epilepsy.
Cameron : The seizures would just look like pain until it spread to his motor cortex.
Foreman : Wouldn't explain the fevers.
Cameron : Protein malnutrition can cause fevers.
Cameron : And nothing causes malnutrition like excruciating stomach pain
Cameron : that gets worse every time you eat.
House : I'd be a lot more certain if it was my idea, but it's the best we got.
Foreman : Start him on gabapentin,
Foreman : hook him up to an intracranial EEG for continuous monitoring.
Chase : I gave him statins.
UNK: What?
Chase : If they ask about the cholesterol, just say I prescribed a statin
Chase : and forgot to put it in the chart.
Foreman : You want to solve a problem in the records
Foreman : by creating another problem in the records?
UNK: There's no problem with the records,
Chase : there's a problem with my recordkeeping.
Chase : There's no way anyone can prove me wrong.
UNK: How did you get access to the statins?
UNK: You gonna get someone in the pharmacy to confess
Foreman : to yet another recordkeeping problem?
Chase : I saw an open cart. I just took it.
Foreman : Why would you steal a drug you can just as easily ask for?
Chase : 'Cause I'm trying to get you off the hook.
Foreman : A story that raises more questions than it answers
Foreman : only puts the hook deeper down my throat.
Foreman : It's all right. I'll handle it.
UNK: How?
Foreman : By telling the truth.
Foreman : The truth is, I don't have the time,
Foreman : I'm not in the mood, and I don't see the point.
Cuddy : You don't want to do the M&M because you're not in the mood?
Foreman : This kid is dying,
Foreman : and I've got House trying to push all his responsibilities onto me.
Cuddy : They're not his responsibilities, they're yours.
Cuddy : You're the one who wanted to be in charge.
Foreman : I wanted to be in charge, not a figurehead.
Cuddy : Then do the M&M, it's all yours.
Foreman : You want me to get flogged? For what?
Foreman : So you can have an academic debate
Foreman : about a diagnostic dilemma no one's ever gonna face again?
Cuddy : What the hell's going on here?
Foreman : I just don't want to do the M&M.
Chase : Did it work?
Foreman : Not even close.
Cuddy : Everything okay?
House : Just waiting for whatever is about to go wrong.
Cuddy : Thirteen called.
House : She have a theory that makes more sense than abdominal epilepsy?
Cuddy : She said someone hacked into her e-mail account
UNK: and canceled her airline reservation.
Cuddy : I'm guessing Foreman.
UNK: Really?
House : You're accusing Foreman, not me. Cool.
Cuddy : You really want Foreman to stay in charge of the team?
Roy : Makes sense.
House : He loves power, I love puzzles.
Cuddy : You love power and puzzles.
UNK: True.
UNK: And when I had them both...
House : It wasn't Foreman.
Jack : How do you know?
House : He said he's moved on.
Cuddy : And you believe him?
House : I believe that he believes him.
House : Looks like it's time for me to get off the bench.
House : What's up?
Roy : Are you Dr. House?
Cuddy : I understand you're a big fan.
House : I'll have my guy send over a signed glossy.
Cameron : Continuous EEG shows no interictal spikes. It's not abdominal epilepsy.
House : You paged me to tell me what it's not?
Cameron : I paged you to show you this.