House : Why would I care what Foreman wants?
Wilson : Because you're not as big a jerk as everyone thinks.
House : Yes, I am.
Wilson : No, you're not.
House : I just made a $10,000 short sale on a stock I know is gonna crash
House : because of what I saw a grief-stricken dad do on his son's deathbed.
Wilson : No, you didn't.
House : Yes, I did.
Wilson : You are a jerk.
House : She's making a mistake.
Wilson : So you did it for her?
House : She's a good doctor.
Wilson : So you did it for you?
House : I'm not the one in charge any more.
Wilson : So you did it for Foreman?
UNK: She's a smoking-hot, newly-single bisexual.
Wilson : Why don't you just admit that you like having her around?
Wilson : She's good for you. You need her.
House : Because I was born with a heart three sizes too small.
Wilson : No, you weren't. Yes, I...
UNK: What?
House : He still alive?
UNK: Yeah.
House : Good. Start him on heparin and IV immunoglobulin.
Foreman : For Degos? The cardiac arrest
UNK: wasn't just an "everything goes to hell in a hand basket" arrest.
House : It was a coronary event. Coronaries are large vessels.
House : Means it can't be Degos.
Foreman : But the biopsies confirmed...
UNK: Obstructed blood vessels.
House : They can't be obstructed because of Degos.
House : Means it's primary antiphospholipid syndrome.
UNK: Are you sure? Nope.
House : But I will be if he responds to the heparin and immunoglobulin.
House : By the way,
House : someone screwed over your girlfriend,
House : and she ran to me, Cuddy, and Wilson, everyone but you.
House : She's not over you.
Foreman : Or she is.
UNK: Where did you find it?
Foreman : Find what?
UNK: Niacin-bound chromium supplements.
Chase : It was right on top of the file. You don't know about it?
Foreman : No, been here all night.
Chase : One of Dibala's previous docs was prescribing ultra-high doses
UNK: of niacin-bound chromium to boost his HDL.
UNK: So?
Chase : So, it gives us something to point to.
Chase : We can explain the wide variation between the HDL numbers.
Chase : We're safe. We're covered.
Chase : You really didn't request the info?
UNK: No.
Foreman : And obviously you didn't either,
Doctor : which means...
Roy : It worked.
House : The medicine worked.
Roy : It worked.
UNK: How did you find it?
House : Fat, old, black guy.
UNK: I knew he had to be taking something for his cholesterol.
Chase : And what now?
House : I'm not the boss.
Roy : You don't think I should be fired?
UNK: Why?
House : I doubt we'll ever be treating a genocidal dictator again.
House : Better a murder than a misdiagnosis.
Chase : Whether you want to be in charge or not,
Chase : you are.
Chase : And you always will be.
Foreman : 75-year-old African man presented to our hospital
Foreman : following a rapid onset of hemoptysis.
UNK: He had been fine prior to onset.
Foreman : No chest pain, fever, coughing or chills.
UNK: He does note a nine-hour plane flight...