UNK: Commercial Voiceover : Can't get the monkey off your back?
UNK: Commercial Voiceover : Then put it in your mouth...
UNK: Commercial Voiceover : ...with Monkeyshine Beer!
UNK: Get it, monkey
UNK: Get it, get it, monkey
UNK: Monkey, monkey
UNK: Commercial Voiceover : Monkeyshine Beer.
UNK: Because it's a jungle out there!
Ross : That commercial always makes me so sad.
Joey : But then the guy opens his beer and girls run at him...
UNK: ...so everything works out okay.
Ross : I meant because the monkey reminds me of Marcel.
Phoebe : I can see that.
UNK: Because they both have those big brown eyes and the little pouty chin.
Monica : And the fact that they're both monkeys?
Ross : I wonder if I did the right thing, giving him away.
UNK: Ross, you had to. He was humping everything in sight.
UNK: My Malibu Barbie will no longer be wearing white to her wedding.
UNK: Remember when he'd borrow your hat...
Ross : ...and when you got it back, there'd be monkey raisins in it?
Chandler : When he did it, it was funny. When I did it to my boss's hat...
UNK: Suddenly, I had this big "attitude problem."
Joey : Hey, check it out! Guess what I got?
UNK: Rhythm?
Joey : No. My first fan mail!
UNK: "Dear Dr. Ramoray :
Monica : I love you and would do anything to have you."
UNK: My gosh! "Your not-so-secret admirer, Erika Ford."
Monica : Oh, wait.
UNK: "P.S. Enclosed, please find 14 of my eyelashes."
Rachel : In Crazy World, that means you're married.
UNK: It's not addressed to Days Of Our Lives. This came to your apartment.
UNK: She was in our building.
Joey : Oh, my God.
Joey : I got my very own stalker!
UNK: You are so lucky, I'm gonna share mine.
UNK: Joey, remember we talk about good thing and bad thing. This is a bad thing.
Phoebe : Where are you off to?
UNK: There's a paleontology conference in L.A.
UNK: So I figured I'd go and drive down to the zoo and surprise Marcel.
Chandler : He will be surprised. Till he realizes he's a monkey...
UNK: ...and isn't capable of that emotion.
Rachel : Phoebe? That really cute guy is here again.
UNK: Okay, so everyone...
UNK: ...pretend I'm telling you a story and it's really funny.
Phoebe : So everyone just laugh. Now!
Phoebe : I know, I know!
UNK: I'm Rob Donan.
UNK: Hi, Rob Donan.
Rob : I don't know anything about music, but I think you're really great.
Rob : Anyway, I schedule performers for children's libraries.
UNK: And I was thinking, have you thought about playing your songs for kids?
Phoebe : I would love to have kids...
UNK: ...hear me play the songs that I will write for them.
UNK: What do we do for dinner?
UNK: We could cook for ourselves.
UNK: It's Erika.
UNK: My God. The stalker!
Erica : Never mind. It's open.
Chandler : Hitting her with a frying pan is a good idea.
UNK: But we want a backup plan, just in case she isn't a cartoon!
Joey : Let's get out of here!
Chandler : The one time they're not home!
UNK: We'll leave. When we pass her...
UNK: ...she won't know me, because we never met!
Chandler : That's how radio stars escape stalkers!
UNK: She's coming!
Joey : It's me.
Joey : This is it. This is how we're gonna die.
UNK: You ready?
Chandler : Wait, wait, wait!
UNK: Erika!
Lipson : - Mr. Geller? - Yes, hi.
Lipson : Dean Lipson, zoo administrator.
Lipson : You had a question?
UNK: I can't find the monkey I donated last year. He's a capuchin...
Ross : ...answers to the name Marcel?
Lipson : I'm afraid I have some bad news.
Lipson : Marcel has passed on.
Ross : Oh, my God. What happened?
Lipson : He got sick, and then he got sicker...
Lipson : ...and then he got a little better.
Lipson : But then he died.
Ross : I can't believe this!
Lipson : I'm sorry, Mr. Geller. But you know, there's an old saying :
UNK: "Sometimes monkeys die."
Lipson : It's not a great saying...
Lipson : ...but it certainly is fitting today.
UNK: - Someone should've called me. - I'm sorry.
Lipson : Look, I know this can't bring him back...
Lipson : ...but here, it's just a gesture.
Ross : Zoo dollars?
Lipson : Yes, and come see the bird show at 4. The macaws wear hats.
Lipson : It's a lot cuter if your monkey hasn't just died.
Phoebe : I know.
Monica : I can't believe Joey's having lunch with his stalker!
Monica : What is she like?
UNK: You remember Kathy Bates in Misery?
Chandler : Well, she looks the exact opposite of that.
Rachel : And she's not crazy?
Chandler : Oh, no, no. She's a total whack-job.
Chandler : She thinks that Joey is actually Dr. Drake Ramoray.
Joey : Oh, my God!
UNK: And he's going out with her?
UNK: He cannot pursue this.
UNK: Just because this woman sees Joey through the magical box...
Chandler : ...in her living room doesn't mean she's not a person.
Chandler : Does she not deserve happiness? Does she not deserve love?
UNK: Why are you looking at me? He's the one who wants to boff the maniac!
UNK: Are you okay?
UNK: No. I'm just nervous.
UNK: Maybe if I just picture them all in their underwear...
Rob : That's not a good idea. That's the reason the last guy got fired.
Phoebe : I'm used to playing for grownups.
Phoebe : Grownups drink their coffee and do their grownup thing.
Phoebe : And kids...
UNK: ...listen.
UNK: It's just a huge responsibility.
UNK: What?
Phoebe : Are you gonna kiss me?
UNK: I was thinking about it.
Phoebe : Alrighty! Let's play some tunes!
UNK: Ok! Let's find some seats.
UNK: Chandle, we gonna find our seats.
UNK: Hold on a second.
UNK: He thinks he can.
UNK: He thinks he can.
UNK: Oh, what the hell.
Monica : He can.
Phoebe : - Hi, everybody. I'm Phoebe. - Hi, Phoebe!
Phoebe : I'm gonna play some songs about grandparents, okay?
UNK: Now Grandma's a person Who everyone likes
UNK: She bought you a train And a bright shiny bike
UNK: But lately she hasn't Been coming to dinner
UNK: And last time you saw her She looked so much thinner
UNK: Now your mom and your dad said She moved to Peru
UNK: But the truth is she died And someday you will too
UNK: I will have the great seven, and the doctor, will have the resertal.
Erica : - Oh, Drake, isn't it amazing? - Yeah, it is.
UNK: What?
UNK: Well, here we sit, devil-may-care...
UNK: ...and a while ago you were reattaching Simone's spinal cord.
Joey : That was a tricky one.
Joey : In reality...
UNK: ...that operation takes 10 hours. But they only showed it for 2 minutes.
UNK: Who's "they"?
Joey : No one.
Erica : Drake, you are so talented. Let me see those hands.
Erica : Oh, these hands, these beautiful hands.
Erica : I could just eat them.
Erica : But I won't.
Joey : Otherwise my watch would fall off.
Erica : No, seriously.
Erica : These hands...
Erica : ...these miracle, magical, life-giving hands.
Erica : Just to be near them, touch them, maybe even lick one?
UNK: All right. Just one.
Joey : You're good at that.
Waiter : Oh, my God! Someone! He's choking!
Waiter : Is anyone here a doctor?
UNK: Yes, the best doctor in Salem!
UNK: Dr. Drake Ramoray!
Janitor : Meet me in the nocturnal house in 15 minutes.
Ross : Hey, look. I don't really enjoy being with other men that way.
Ross : But, zoo dollars?
Janitor : It's about your monkey!
Janitor : It's alive.
Erica : I don't understand. Why didn't you help that man?
UNK: Because I'm a neurosurgeon...
Joey : ...and that was clearly a case of...
UNK: ..."foodal chokage."
Phoebe : Thank you for coming, everybody! There are cookies in the back.
Rob : That was great.
Rob : The kids loved you.
UNK: Yea! I rock!
Rob : And you know why? Because you told the truth.
Rob : Nobody ever tells kids the truth.
Rob : You were incredible!
UNK: But...?
UNK: - How'd you know there was a "but"? - I sense these things.
UNK: It was either "but" or "butter."
Rob : The thing is, I think some of the parents...
UNK: ...they were hoping that...
Rob : ...you'd play more songs about barnyard animals.