Susie : I hate actors.
UNK: Nice camouflage. For a minute there, I almost didn't see you.
Kid : Excuse me.
Susie : Is your name Chandler?
Rachel : Yes, it is.
Susie : Chandler Bing.
Chandler : Do you know me or are you just really good at this game?
Susie : I'm Susie Moss.
Susie : Fourth grade? Glasses?
UNK: I carried a box of animal crackers like a purse?
Susie : Susie Moss!
Chandler : Right! Yeah! Wow!
Chandler : You look...
Chandler : Great job growing up.
UNK: It's nice to see you don't still wear the cap with the mirrors on it.
Chandler : I graduated fourth grade and realized I wasn't a pimp.
Susie : Remember the class play?
Susie : You pulled up my skirt and the entire auditorium saw my underpants?
Chandler : Yes. Back then, I used humor as a defense mechanism.
Chandler : Thank God I don't do that anymore.
UNK: What you have been doing since childhood?
UNK: Well, I got a new belt.
UNK: I wondered!
Joey : - Oh, my God! - What? What?
UNK: It's Jean-Claude Van Damme.
Monica : I didn't know he was in this movie. He is so hot!
Joey : You think?
Monica : The Muscles from Brussels? Wham-Bam-Van-Damme?
Monica : Did you see Time Cop?
Rachel : No. Was he any good in it?
UNK: Rachel, he totally changed time!
Rachel : So why don't you go talk to him?
UNK: Go tell him he's cute. What's the worst that could happen?
Monica : He could hear me.
UNK: - I'm doing it for you. - Don't you dare! Don't!
UNK: Don't!
Monica : Tell him I cook!
Kid : Excuse me.
UNK: This is gonna sound kind of goofy...
UNK: ...but my friend over there...
Rachel : ...who cooks, by the way...
Rachel : She thinks you're cute.
UNK: Van Damme : You don't think I'm cute?
Rob : I don't know.
Rachel : Do you think you're cute?
UNK: We're getting off the track. I was supposed to tell you...
Rachel : ...my friend thinks you're cute.
Rachel : What should I tell her?
UNK: Van Damme : You can tell her I think her friend is cute.
Susie : - Makeup! - That's me. I gotta go.
UNK: How many times must I touch you on the arm before you ask me on a date?
Chandler : Well, let's try one more.
UNK: There you go. Ernie's, 8 : 00?
Susie : I'll be there.
UNK: And if things go well, maybe this time...
Susie : ...I'll get to see your underwear.
Chandler : No one was around to hear that?
Monica : So what'd he say?
Rachel : What a jerk!
Rachel : I kept talking about you, and he kept asking me out.
Rachel : Naturally, you know, I said no.
Monica : Thanks, anyway.
Rachel : He just kept asking...
UNK: ...and asking, asking, asking...
Monica : If you want to go out with him, you can.
UNK: Sounds like a jerk to me, but
Rachel : Jean-Claude, she said yes! I'll see you tonight!
Phoebe : Thank you.
Rachel : Then Jean-Claude took me to Crossroads...
UNK: ...and we hung out with Drew Barrymore.
Joey : Oh, man. She's so smokin'!
UNK: She's got the greatest set of
Joey : No guys around, huh?
Rachel : - Does anybody need anything? - I'll have an espresso.
Monica : I'll get it.
UNK: If I ask you to, you'll end up drinking it yourself.
Rachel : - That is so unfair. - I know.
Phoebe : Like you'd drink her coffee after what you did to her with Van Damme?
UNK: I have to cancel racquetball tonight.
UNK: Marcel's trainer will let me have him for a couple of hours.
UNK: You're blowing me off for a monkey?
UNK: We can reschedule for Saturday.
Joey : Unless you hook up with a bunch of pigeons.
Chandler : Stick a fork in me...
Chandler : ...I am done!
Phoebe : Stick a fork what?
Chandler : Like when you're cooking a steak.
Phoebe : I don't eat meat.
UNK: How do you know vegetables are done?
UNK: Well, you don't. You eat them and you can tell.
UNK: Okay, then eat me, I'm done!
Chandler : I've met the perfect woman.
Chandler : We're sitting on her couch, fooling around...
UNK: ...and then she turns to me and says :
UNK: "Did you ever want to do it in an elevator?"
Monica : What did you say?
Chandler : I believe my exact words were...
UNK: How do you know if you wanna do that?
Phoebe : You just know.
Susie : We gotta go. Got a reservation in 30 minutes.
Chandler : What I had planned shouldn't take more than two, three minutes, tops.
UNK: Two hundred seconds of passion! We gotta go.
UNK: But...
Susie : ...here's an idea.
Susie : Have you ever worn women's underwear?
UNK: Well, yes, actually...
Chandler : ...but they were my Aunt Edna's.
Chandler : And there were three of us in there.
Susie : I was thinking it would be kind of sexy...
Susie : ...if you wore mine tonight at dinner.
Chandler : You want me to wear your panties?
Chandler : Could you?
Chandler : If I was wearing your underwear...
Chandler : ...then what would you be wearing?
Chandler : You're swell!
Ross : Got the music, got the dinner.
Ross : I made Marcel's favorite dish, banana cake...
Ross : ...with mealworm.
UNK: Candle.
UNK: What do you think's gonna happen here tonight?
UNK: Hi, are you on your way over
UNK: No, I understand. A monkey's gotta work.
Ross : It's no big deal.
UNK: It's not like I had anything special planned.
UNK: - You feel that? - What?
UNK: We passed moment we should stop holding hands.
Phoebe : Rachel, why don't you start talking first?
Rachel : I feel that this is totally unjustified.
Rachel : She gave me the green light, I did nothing
Rachel : Do you think I can't see you in the TV set?
UNK: If there's something you'd like to share
Monica : You had no right to go out with him!
UNK: - That's the most ridiculous - You sold me out!
Rachel : - I did not! - You absolutely
Rachel : Would you let me talk!
Monica : Did you just flick me?
Rachel : Well, you wouldn't let me finish and I was
Rachel : That hurt!
Monica : Quit flicking!
Rachel : Stop flicking!
Monica : You flicked me first!
UNK: Let's not do this!
UNK: Happy thoughts!
Phoebe : Now I'm gonna kick some ass!
UNK: All right. Now, I will let go if you both stop.
Rachel : You want me to stop seeing him?
UNK: You want me to just tell him you're seeing him instead?
Rachel : Is that what you want?
Monica : That's what you want?
Rachel : - Fine! - Fine!
Phoebe : There we go.
Phoebe : If we were in prison, you guys would be, like, my bitches.
Ross : Thanks for letting me tag along.
Joey : Forget about it.
UNK: How you doing there, squirmy?
UNK: I'm hanging in.
Chandler : And a little out.
Joey : So assistant to the director?
UNK: That's an exciting job. You must have a ton of responsibilities
UNK: I don't do the casting.
Joey : So what are you guys gonna eat?
Susie : How come all I can think about is putting that ice in my mouth...
Susie : ...and licking you all over?
UNK: Because I went to an all-boys high school, and God is making up for it?
Susie : I want you right here...
Phoebe : ...right now.
Chandler : Right now, right here?
UNK: Don't you think we're in kind of a public place?
Chandler : They do have the shrimp.
Susie : Meet me in the bathroom.
Chandler : I'm going to the bathroom now.
UNK: Come on.