Marlene : I've got to get some work done.
Dominika : These are such pretty flowers you buy for me.
Dominika : Every Friday from Japanese florist,
Dominika : on corner of Edison and Conway. There's just one more thing.
House : With this ring,
House : I thee wedded.
House : You left it here when you skipped town with your boyfriend.
Dominika : You kept the rings?
House : Actually, I tried to trade them to a hooker for unspecified favors.
House : But it turns out she doesn't accept zinc.
UNK: Like modern fairy tale.
Weinmann : Dr. and Mrs. Gregory House? Yeah.
Weinmann : Nate Weinmann, U.S. Immigration.
House : Welcome to our home.
Chase : Give him time.
Chase : When I was 14, there was a girl I wanted to impress.
Chase : So I jumped off the roof of her house. Broke my ankle.
Chase : Joe's basically going through puberty.
Chase : It'll take him a while to adjust.
Marlene : I tracked down a video from one of Joe's business coaching seminars
Marlene : from before I knew him.
Marlene : I never would have gone out with the guy in this video.
Weinmann : Do you remember the last time she visited Vasyl?
House : Uh... Let me see. That would be August?
House : No, no, July.
House : I remember. It was right after our half anniversary
House : and I forgot to put a gift in her suitcase.
UNK: And I never heard the end of that one.
Dominika : House specialty.
Dominika : I made up this pun.
House : Thank you.
House : Honey, why do you do this to me? You know I'm watching my weight.
UNK: Then maybe you stop eating cheese in front of open fridge in middle of the night.
Weinmann : - This is delicious. - Thank you.
Weinmann : So, everything looks good in here.
Weinmann : I'm just gonna step out and get a corroborating interview
Weinmann : from one of the neighbors. Neighbors?
Dominika : It's middle of the day, I think everybody is at work.
Weinmann : Yeah, then they're at work. I just got a form to check off,
Weinmann : and you will be on your way to permanent status.
UNK: Excuse me, sir. Do you have a minute?
Wilson : How can I help you?
Joe : Do you know Dr. and Mrs. House?
Wilson : Of course. They've been my neighbors about two years now.
Wilson : Lovely couple.
Wilson : I see them almost every night.
Wilson : They seem always to be together.
UNK: Great. Thanks for your help.
UNK: Cheerio.
Hastings : Hey' what are you doing? That's my door.
Wilson : Handing out menus for a new Chinese place.
Hastings : You're that guy that plays noisy video games with House on Saturday nights.
House : There's a simple explanation.
Weinmann : Be at my office tomorrow at 10 : 00.