Dominika : Please, I am begging, do not send him back to jail.
Dominika : Maybe we have not lived together all these months...
Weinmann : Mrs. House, I have to advise you not to continue.
Dominika : This man and I, did we marry for love?
Dominika : No. But this past week, we have a lot of fun,
Dominika : working really hard to fool U.S. government. Right?
Ayres : Don't answer that. Way ahead of you.
Dominika : but it felt real.
Dominika : Maybe because it become real.
Dominika : This man.
Marlene : My husband.
Dominika : I want to stay with him, but if I cannot, please send me away and let him be free.
Dominika : I love him.
UNK: I didn't buy a word you said.
UNK: But a judge might.
UNK: I'm gonna let you stay.
UNK: But for the next six months, I'm gonna hold on to this file.
UNK: And our investigators are gonna show up unannounced at 6 : 00 a.m., 11 : 00 at night,
UNK: and they better find the two of you sitting on the couch,
UNK: watching NCIS, eating ice cream from the same spoon.
UNK: Or both of you will be sent to places far less pleasant than New Jersey.
House : What you just said in there...
UNK: Don't worry. lam much too smart to be falling in love with you.
Dominika : I will be needing extra shelf in bathroom.
Adams : Abdominal biopsy showed flattened villi. Looks like you were right about celiac.
Taub : You do remember Chase got stabbed doing a test House didn't order.
Adams : Good comparison, since both patients were tweaked on steroids.
Taub : You only did this to score points over Chase and Park.
Adams : We were right. I proved it and the patient didn't bleed out.
Adams : Why are you being a jerk about this?
Adams : Let's go see if House is back.
Taub : Patient's having trouble breathing.
Adams : So much for celiac.
Taub : His breathing is stabilized,
Taub : but his lung function is at 60% and his liver is tanking.
Adams : And he has major symptoms of celiac without actually having celiac.
Chase : Could be Whipple's.
Park : Doesn't explain the incontinence.
Taub : Intestinal lymphoma?
Park : Doesn't explain the double vision.
Chase : Any time you want to jump in.
UNK: Is dance-aerobics even a thing?
Adams : I hear it's good for the butt.
Adams : What about a parasitic infection?
Adams : Strongyloides is known to damage the small intestine...
Chase : In this country he's about as likely to get that as win Powerball.
Park : Someone does win Powerball. Every week.
Park : The patient went to Puerto Rico a few months ago.
Park : One of the few places in the U.S. you can pick up strongyloides.
Taub : Treatment is ivermectin.
Taub : We give that to someone with liver problems, he could have seizures, or worse.
House : Do it.
Taub : I was wondering if maybe we overlooked a symptom, or something.
House : Makes perfect sense if you're the patient, and pantywaist is the symptom.
Taub : Adams and I both thought the patient could have celiac,
Taub : but only she was willing to go out on a limb and run the test. I gave up.
House : Now you're in here watching a motivational speech.
House : Even your attempt to get your balls back lacks balls.
Taub : His voice, it's lower than it is now.
House : If only there was a good reason for a professional speaker to be hoarse.
Taub : Good point.
House : It's not a good point. It's a decent point.
House : You're doing it again.
UNK: You got any other videos, other seminars? A couple.
House : You bailed too early.
House : Now I get all the credit.
House : Chronic hoarseness is a symptom of a condition called silent thyroiditis.