Taub : The patient's shown zero improvement.
Chase : Because he's only been on the antibiotics overnight.
Taub : Or because he doesn't have Lyme disease.
UNK: Where are you? HOUSE : Just chilling
House : No big. House.
UNK: Hang HP...
Taub : I still think it's myasthenia gravis plus celiac.
Taub : His change in diet has to be significant.
Adams : We just need to do an intestinal biopsy to confirm.
Chase : With his low platelet count a biopsy puts him at risk for an abdominal bleed,
Chase : which puts him at risk of death.
Ayres : Either you're done or you're walking in there without a lawyer.
House : I know, it sounds like a phone,
House : but it's a timer. To remind me to pee before our meeting.
House : Hello, old chap.
Wilson : You need to save yourself.
Wilson : Tell Immigration you were in love with Dominika,
Wilson : but your marriage fell apart And that's why you haven't been living together.
House : She'll be deported. Permanently.
Wilson : House, I know you like Dominika, you have fun with her, but you got caught.
Wilson : There's no getting out of this.
UNK: Tell my team to skip the biopsy and give the antibiotics more time.
Ayres : They're ready for us.
Joe : I drew a line in the sand and I won. We should be celebrating.
UNK: Do you need a few minutes? I'd rather keep getting better.
UNK: That's just ii.
Marlene : You won. You made a demand that could have blown up the deal
UNK: and you never even asked me. The deal didn't blow up, they caved.
Marlene : Joe, you say it in your seminars. Process matters just as much as results.
Joe : Are you seriously busting my chops because I made one little move without you'?
UNK: How about stepping aside
Joe : and letting me be the man in this relationship for a change?
Marlene : I really can't talk to you right now.
Joe : I don't know why I said that.
Joe : Just, I got so angry.
Adams : Hopefully after this dose,
Adams : you'll start to feel better and we can get you home.
Adams : But I'd like to do one more test.
Ayres : The testimony of one angry, near-sighted neighbor
Ayres : shouldn't outweigh all other evidence. Photos, utility bills...
Weinmann : Yes. Because your clients would never fake anything.
Ayres : We acknowledge the neighbor thing was a mistake, but that doesn't mean
UNK: that all the other documentation should just be thrown out.
UNK: Look, look, I get that it's your job to act like there's a case here, but shut up.
UNK: USCIS will be denying Ms. Patrova's green card application.
Weinmann : You'll be referred to Immigration Court for deportation proceedings.
Weinmann : And we're gonna inform your parole officer about evidence of fraud.
Weinmann : So, unless anybody has anything else to add...