Beckett : No, no, no. Don't even add fuel to that fire.
Beckett : Whoever gave the fake name must have sabotaged the videos
Beckett : in order to keep that visit a secret,
Beckett : which makes them look even more like our killer.
UNK: - AII right, I'll keep digging. - Okay.
UNK: Is this... This is loud.
UNK: I'm gonna...
Hayley : Got it.
Hayley : Okay, it's your last chance to let your imagination run wild.
Castle : I'm good.
Alexis : Uh, maybe we shouldn't?
UNK: Given the whole "satanic, escaped mental patient" angle.
Castle : Alexis, we can't let fear control our actions.
Alexis : Care to rethink that?
Castle : Here we go.
Alexis : What is it all?
UNK: Looks like research.
Alexis : Into what?
Castle : The end of days.
Castle : Which, according to this, is two days from now.
Ryan : Man, I hate walls of crazy.
Castle : What if it's not crazy?
Castle : Shaw believed the Apocalypse starts in two days.
Alexis : Then why did Shaw want to get back inside of here?
Alexis : What was he after?
UNK: Yeah, it's a good question.
Hayley : It's insane to think that this has all been
Hayley : sitting right next to us all this time.
UNK: It's twisted. Looks like they were following this boy. Victor Crowne.
Esposito : Wait, Crowne? That was the family that Shaw tried to murder 20 years ago.
Ryan : Yeah, I looked into them.
Ryan : Warren and Alice Crowne were the parents.
UNK: They had a nine-year-old boy named Victor.
Ryan : What's worse, after surviving Shaw's attacks,
Ryan : they were killed in a freak skiing avalanche
Ryan : - and Victor became an orphan. - Poor kid.
Ryan : Well, yes and no.
Ryan : They were billionaires. Victor stood to inherit the entire fortune.
Castle : Are you kidding me?
Castle : Guys, tell me you're seeing this.
Castle : A targeted orphan standing to inherit an empire
UNK: in the center of a religious Armageddon plot?
Castle : Hello, it's The Omen.
Castle : Shaw believed that Victor Crowne was the Antichrist.
UNK: The... As in...
Castle : As in the personification of the Devil.
UNK: Yes, dear, yes. It...
Alexis : That's why Shaw went after the Crownes.
Castle : He was going after their son.
Hayley : Except that was a film.
Hayley : Please don't tell me you are googling "the Antichrist" right now?
Alexis : I'm looking into Victor Crowne.
Alexis : He still lives here in New York.
Esposito : If Shaw believed that Victor was some sort of devil,
Esposito : maybe that's why he escaped from that institution,
Esposito : so that he could finish his mission.
Alexis : According to this article, in two days, Victor Crowne turns 30
UNK: and will gain full control over his parents' empire.
Castle : That's it.
Castle : Jesus began his ministry when he was 30.
Castle : Many people believe that the Antichrist will begin his reign on Earth
Castle : at the same age.
UNK: And that once his ascension has started, it cannot be stopped.
UNK: Guys, what ifVictor Crowne is the Antichrist, and Shaw isn't crazy?
Hayley : No, Rick, he was very crazy. Remember, he tried to kill a child.
UNK: Richard Castle : You know, we still haven't accounted
Esposito : for all of Shaw's time after he escaped.
Esposito : If he's still obsessed with killing Victor,
Esposito : there's a chance he took a run at him last night.
UNK: Except, Victor is a full-grown man now. Able to defend himself.
UNK: And ifVictor stabbed Shaw in self-defense,
Esposito : he might be too afraid to come forward.
Ryan : We need to talk to this guy.
UNK: Come on, halfthe city is blacked out,
Castle : but this place is lit up Iike a Christmas tree?