UNK: Victor Crowne : The NYPD and Richard Castle in the flesh?
UNK: I'm fans ofyou all.
UNK: Yikes!
Crowne : You got a shock.
UNK: Don't you hate it when that happens?
Crowne : So, how can I help you fine gentlemen?
Ryan : Mr. Crowne, we just have some questions about this man.
Castle : I take it you recognize him?
Crowne : Gabriel Shaw. Hard face to forget.
Esposito : Have you seen him recently?
Crowne : Okay, what's this all about?
UNK: Sondra Kramer : Shaw is dead.
Ryan : He escaped from Peakmore yesterday afternoon
Ryan : and was killed later that evening.
Castle : You seem pleased.
Crowne : The man attacked my family, Mr. Castle.
UNK: Don't expect me to shed a tear over his demise.
Crowne : Twenty years this face has haunted me.
Esposito : How's that?
UNK: Days after his attack, my parents and I left the city.
Crowne : My parents perished in a freak accident on that trip.
Castle : You blame Shaw for their deaths?
Crowne : He set those events in motion.
Crowne : That man forever cursed my life.
Crowne : But I've turned my pain into a blessing.
Crowne : Channeled all that negative energy into a plan for something good.
Crowne : A better world.
Crowne : My clean water initiative.
Crowne : We're launching a global network of offices in just a couple of days.
UNK: On your 30th birthday.
Crowne : As it so happens, yes.
Esposito : Well, I hate to have to ask you this, Mr. Crowne,
Esposito : but where were you last night?
Crowne : Here. working.
Crowne : Rollins can provide you with surveillance tapes
UNK: ifyou'd like to verify that.
Crowne : We're done here.
UNK: Gentlemen.
Castle : What is that...
Castle : Something smells like...
UNK: Sulfur.
Crowne : We had an accident during a demonstration yesterday.
Crowne : I'm still working out the kinks.
Rollins : Detectives, I burned those copies of our surveillance tapes.
Ryan : Thank you.
UNK: Thanks for all this here.
UNK: Every floor for the last 48 hours.
UNK: Thanks, Rollins, really appreciate it.
UNK: You're welcome.
UNK: Int - Richard Castle Investigations : - Castle... - Jeez!
Esposito : What's with you?
Castle : I'm marked for death.
UNK: What?
Castle : I'm marked for death.
Esposito : Bro, you have to stop watching these horror films.
Castle : That same slash of light appeared in the crime scene photos, okay?
Castle : - In the exact same place. - Yeah.