Esposito : from where Shaw's stabbing took place
UNK: saw a gray Explorer tear ass out of there.
UNK: - AII right. Did you get the plates? - Nope. And we don't need them.
Ryan : Turns out there's only one person in this case
UNK: who has a gray Explorer.
Sondra : Oh, yeah? well, a lot of people have that kind of SUV.
Ryan : Yes, but not a lot of people have the murder weapon in their garage.
Ryan : See, we got a search warrant for your place
UNK: and, uh, we found your garden claw.
UNK: Oh. So that explains that claw-shaped wound on Shaw's body.
Esposito : See, Castle? No demon.
Castle : Yeah? Then why was there sulfur, i.e., brimstone found in Shaw's body?
UNK: Our labs did an analysis of the murder weapon
Ryan : and not only did they find traces of Shaw's blood on it,
UNK: but they also found particles of sulfuric gardening fertilizer,
Ryan : which matches the sulfur we found in the wound.
Esposito : Anything else?
Sondra : I was just trying to talk some sense into him.
Sondra : But Shaw just started rambling
Sondra : about his mission to vanquish evil.
Sondra : He was the true evil.
Beckett : If all you wanted to do was talk, then why did you bring the murder weapon?
UNK: I keep tools for my flower shop in my SUV.
UNK: And I don't know. He just started going on and on...
Sondra : And I grabbed the claw...
Sondra : Twenty years ago that man ruined my family.
Sondra : And I couldn't let him do it all over again to us.
UNK: Mrs. Kramer, why did you break into your husband's old office last night?
Sondra : What are you talking about?
Beckett : There's no reason to lie now. We know you took the Angel Dagger.
UNK: Uh...
Sondra : I was home all night with my son.
Castle : If she wasn't the one who attacked me, who the hell did?
Esposito : Yo, any evidence to help identify Castle's demonic assailant?
Hayley : No, but Rick, whoever attacked you
Hayley : also took all of the files on the Crowne family.
Castle : That sneaky little devil.
Castle : - It was Victor Crowne. He did this. - How do you figure?
Castle : Well, clearly, he's trying to take possession of any weapon
UNK: that can be used against him
Castle : and erase any and all evidence of his true identity as the spawn of Satan.
Ryan : We already looked into Victor Crowne.
Ryan : He was out celebrating all night at a club for his 30th birthday.
UNK: Okay, who else was gonna go to such lengths?
Hayley : Well, we don't know, but they left a souvenir.
Hayley : This was not in the original inventory
Hayley : of the safe's contents.
UNK: Yo, that's Oscar Von Eckland's bracelet.
Castle : Why would he want the Angel Dagger?
Ryan : Because he was in on it the whole time.
Ryan : Do you remember the distorted image of Shaw's mystery visitor
Ryan : at the psychiatric facility?
Ryan : Well, Vikram was able to clean it up.
Esposito : He said he didn't believe in all this religious stuff.
Castle : He lied. And you all know what that means.
Alexis : That he's insane?
Castle : No, unlike Shaw, he has all his faculties.
Castle : But, Oscar, like his father before him, is a true believer.
UNK: He's gonna pick up where his old man left off.
Castle : - Complete the mission. - Kill the Antichrist.
UNK: Oscar is going to assassinate Victor Crowne!
Esposito : Yo, Rollins, lock down the building and secure Victor Crowne.
Rollins : - Whoa, whoa, whoa. what's going on? - Your boss is in danger.
Ryan : Have you seen this man?
Rollins : That's the notary who just showed up with legal documents
Rollins : for Mr. Crowne to sign.
Ryan : Did you give him access to Mr. Crowne?
Rollins : Yes, but not without an escort.
UNK: Varella, come in.
UNK: Varella, what's your 20?
Castle : - Where did they go? - Basement.
Rollins : We're about to start a major renovation.
Rollins : Mr. Crowne's down there alone, walking the site.
UNK: AII right, let's split up.
UNK: - You two go that way, we'll go this way. - Got it.
Esposito : - Somebody's down. - Yeah.
Ryan : He's still alive.
UNK: AII right, Castle, drag him upstairs to safety, all right?
UNK: - Yeah. wait, me? - Yeah.
Castle : - By myself? - Yes!
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Guys?
UNK: Oscar!
UNK: Oscar.
Crowne : Castle, do something!
Castle : Don't do it.
Oscar : He is the Beast.
Oscar : The lawless one. The son of perdition.