Castle : So, what is so...
UNK: whoa.
Castle : Is that blood?
Beckett : Well, not according to Lanie.
UNK: Then what is it?
Beckett : Some kind of ink.
Beckett : Lanie sent samples to the lab.
Beckett : But one thing that we do know, is based on the writing,
Beckett : there's no way that Gabriel did this to himself.
Esposito : So, then, someone at the hospital?
Beckett : Yeah, I called.
Beckett : And they said that he didn't have any writing on him
Beckett : When he escaped this morning.
Castle : The Roman numerals are Bible verses and the words are all in Latin.
UNK: "Protect me, O Lord, from the hands of the wicked."
UNK: It's a prayer for salvation.
Esposito : Sounds like he was scared. But ofwhat?
Lanie : The mysteries don't stop there.
Lanie : When I conducted the autopsy,
Lanie : I found that the wound had been inflicted by some kind oftalon or claw.
Ryan : Like an animal?
Lanie : It gets even weirder.
Lanie : There was a strange substance inside the wound.
UNK: Let me guess. Sulfur?
UNK: Yeah, how did you know?
Castle : Guys, isn't it obvious?
Castle : Latin prayers. A claw. Sulfur, also known as brimstone.
Esposito : Come on, Castle.
UNK: Captain, you don't think that...
Castle : Oh, but I do.
Castle : We all have our demons, but Gabriel was killed by his.
UNK: Whatdidl tellyou?
Beckett : I mean, as soon as the lights go out, bad things happen.
Beckett : You know, at least the precinct is on a backup generator
UNK: 'cause the rest of the city is gonna have intermittent power.
UNK: Today is gonna be hell.
UNK: Well, that's appropriate, since that's the likely place our killer is from.
UNK: You think we're gonna need specialized equipment
UNK: to capture this demon murderer?
Castle : Something exorcism-esque?
UNK: There is nothing supernatural about this case.
Castle : Our victim was stabbed with a brimstone-covered claw.
Castle : Or gored by a horn perhaps.
UNK: So what but a demon could do that?
Beckett : Look, Ryan and Espo are bringing in Dave Holmby, our rogue orderly.
UNK: And I'm sure that they are going to get a very sane and grounded explanation
Beckett : as to why he killed Gabriel Shaw.
UNK: "Seek the truth and thou shalt be enlightened."
Beckett : Is that scripture?
Castle : From the book of Castle.
Esposito : Hot damn, that was some storm.
Ryan : Seriously. Fit for neither man nor beast.
Ryan : I can only imagine how hard it was
Ryan : to track down an escaped mental patient in the middle of it.
Esposito : Yeah, that was some Sherlock-Ievel detective work, Dave.
Esposito : NYPD would be lucky
Esposito : - to have someone like you. - Mmm-hmm.
Esposito : - You know what we should do? - Hmm?
Esposito : Get him an application.
Ryan : Ooh, that's a good idea.
UNK: Oh.
Ryan : There's that whole murder issue.
UNK: Right. If only you wouldn't have killed Shaw last night
Esposito : after you caught him.
Esposito : Not that I don't sympathize. I mean, he stole your key card.
Hayley : - Yep. - You probably were gonna get fired.
UNK: Dave Holmby : Wait a minute. When I left Shaw, he was still alive.
Ryan : Oh, so you admit to seeing him after he escaped?
UNK: Yeah. Look, he used to talk about this church on 87th Street.
Dave : So I went up there. There he was, walking out.
Dave : I grabbed him, I tried to drag him into my car, but...
Ryan : - But what? - He knew that I was...
Dave : Liberating meds from patients and selling them on the street.
Esposito : Let me guess.
UNK: He told you that ifyou took him back, he was gonna rat you out.
Dave : I wish he said that.
UNK: He promised he was gonna out me no matter what.
Ryan : That sounds like even more of a motive to stab the guy.
UNK: I swear. I let him go.
UNK: He was alive at 4 : 30 yesterday and that was the last time that I saw him.
Ryan : So, why didn't you go back to Peakmore?
Ryan : Why were you hiding out at your girlfriend's apartment?
Dave : I wasn't hiding.
UNK: I figured Shaw was gonna get caught sooner or later,
Dave : which meant that I was out of a job no matter what.
Dave : So I said, screw it,
Dave : might as well take the rest of the night off and spend some time with my girl.
UNK: AII right. Let's pretend that that's true.
Esposito : Why now?
UNK: After 20 years of confinement, why would Shaw decide to break out?
UNK: AII I know is, in the past few weeks he was really amped up.
UNK: Why? Did something happen to him?
Dave : Not something, someone. A visitor.
Esposito : - Who? - I don't know.
Dave : But whoever it was really set Shaw off.
Dave : I mean, he was already disturbed
Dave : but after this guy came by he got even worse.
Alexis : I pulled the police file and court records for Shaw's prosecution 20 years ago.
Alexis : And according to this,
Alexis : Shaw's attack on the Crowne family was anything but random.
Alexis : He was working as a consultant for a PI named Noah Kramer.
Hayley : What kind of consultant?
UNK: Spiritual.
Alexis : Kramer had been hired to investigate the Crowne family.
Hayley : Wait. why would a PI hire a spiritual consultant
Hayley : to help investigate a billionaire philanthropist?
UNK: What? what is it?
Alexis : I know why Shaw came to this office.