UNK: Kevin Ryan : Backup generator's not working so well.
UNK: Yeah, a place like this you'd think would be state-of-the-art.
Castle : We're here about an escaped inmate
UNK: who just tried to kill two people with an axe.
UNK: Um... wait here.
Esposito : Yo, I'd try to escape, too, if I lived here.
Esposito : Who knows what they're doing to them back there.
Castle : Can't be anything worse than what we did historically.
Castle : Many cultures mistook mental illness for a sign of sorcery.
UNK: Treatments ranged from prayer
Castle : to drilling holes in the skull to release the demons.
Ryan : Definitely a case of the cure being worse than the disease.
UNK: - The director is coming out now. - Thanks, man.
UNK: Dr. Brock Martin : Detectives. I'm Dr. Brock Martin.
UNK: Dr. Brock Martin : Did you find Gabriel Shaw?
Castle : No, he found us.
Castle : But not before he was fatally stabbed.
Martin : That's terrible.
UNK: Gabriel Shaw has been here at Peakmore for the last 20 years.
UNK: What did he do?
Martin : He broke into the house of a man named warren Crowne,
Martin : tried to kill him and his entire family.
Castle : Warren Crowne, the philanthropist? I remember the headlines.
Castle : Didn't his attacker say he was some kind of avenging angel?
Ryan : The archangel Gabriel. The divine messenger.
Ryan : Catechism class.
UNK: Gabriel Shaw was convinced that he was on a mission from God
Martin : to rid the world of evil.
Martin : It was a mission that even 20 years of anti-psychotic drugs
Martin : and electroshock therapy could not dissuade him from.
UNK: Any idea who might've wanted him dead?
UNK: None.
Martin : Gabriel's contact with the outside world was virtually nil.
Martin : His room's down here.
UNK: Any idea how he might've escaped?
UNK: Yes. He, uh, stole a key card from one of our orderlies.
Martin : Uh, we realized he was missing around noon today.
Ryan : Noon? why the hell didn't you call the police before?
Martin : We should have, I realize that now.
Castle : The man came to my office wielding an axe.
Martin : Which is why I sent out a group of orderlies looking for Gabriel.
UNK: And they searched all day and came back empty-handed.
Martin : - Except... - Except what?
Martin : One of the orderlies hasn't come back yet. Uh, Dave Holmby.
Martin : I tried calling him, but the phones are out.
Ryan : Have Dave and Gabriel had any problems in the past?
UNK: They've had issues, yes.
UNK: In fact, it was Dave's key card that Gabriel stole.
Martin : But Dave's been with us a long time.
Martin : He's not the type of person to kill anyone,
UNK: ifthat's what you're thinking.
Esposito : You sent an orderly out to recapture a violent, mentally unstable man.
Esposito : It's possible he was trying to subdue Gabriel,
Esposito : and things got out of control.
Ryan : So Dave stabs Gabriel, but then loses him in the storm.
Castle : Guys, are you hearing that?
Castle : Something in here.
UNK: You might have told me about your rodent problem.
Martin : We don't have one. Not usually.
UNK: Must've been driven to higher ground by the storm.
Ryan : That a Bible?
Castle : Yeah, but with...
UNK: Drawings...
Castle : of demons. Page after page of them.
Lanie : Ryan, Javi? Anyone there?
Ryan : Yeah, Lanie, we're here. Go ahead.
UNK: Well, getyourass to the morgue. I foundsomething disturbing.
Castle : Yeah, well, that seems to be going around.