Alexis : Twenty years ago, this was Noah Kramer's office.
Castle : Ooh, updating the murder board must mean Holmby's alibi checked out.
Ryan : - That it did. - Yes!
UNK: Really?
Castle : Come on, I'm just excited to get off the whole orderly thing
Castle : and onto the trail of the true killer,
Castle : which is most likely a road paved to hell,
Castle : because we all know that's where demons come from.
UNK: Well, I will be sure to cross-reference Shaw's visitor
UNK: against the list offallen angels, okay?
Castle : Has Esposito gotten the visitor logs yet?
Ryan : Well, he's trying, but the power outage is slowing everything down.
Ryan : Something wrong?
Castle : Look at that.
UNK: Yeah, it looks just like a lens flare. why?
Castle : There it is again.
UNK: Weird.
UNK: That's...
UNK: Hey.
UNK: Dad, Hayley andl didsome digging
UNK: and 20 years ago, Gabriel Shaw worked as a consultant
Alexis : for a PI named Noah Kramer who worked out ofyour office.
Castle : Then it's possible that Shaw came there with the axe,
UNK: Iooking for Kramer.
Hayley : Well, it's a nice theory, but Kramer's long dead.
Hayley : He was killed in an accident a year and a half
Hayley : after Shaw was committed to Peakmore.
Castle : What kind of an accident?
Alexis : He was impaled by a pipe that fell at a construction site.
Castle : Okay, that's horrible.
Castle : But, still, it's possible that Shaw was delusional enough
Castle : to believe that Kramer was still alive.
Hayley : Maybe. You know, Kramer's wife and kids still live in the city.
Hayley : Perhaps they can shed some light on Shaw's motives.
Castle : Give me an address for them.
Castle : Write this down.
Castle : Hang on. Let me get a pen.
UNK: Sondra Kramer : - Gabriel Shaw is dead? - Mmm.
Sondra : We just saw him yesterday.
UNK: Where?
Sondra : Well, he came by the house.
Sondra : He said he was released from Peakmore.
Ryan : What did he want?
UNK: Marshall Kramer : He was looking for stuff he left with my dad 20 years ago.
Castle : - What kind of stuff? - I don't know. I didn't ask. we...
Marshall : we didn't want anything to do with him. He ruined my dad's life.
Sondra : Marshall's too young to remember,
Sondra : but he's well aware of how Gabriel Shaw ruined our family.
Sondra : After Shaw attacked the Crownes,
Sondra : my husband's reputation was destroyed.
Sondra : Noah was shocked
Sondra : To think that a man he befriended could have hidden such...
UNK: evil.
Sondra : Noah thought the work they had done together was a mistake
Sondra : and thought it needed to be buried.
Ryan : So do you have anything of Shaw's?
Sondra : Oh, no. No, after my husband died,
Sondra : I just couldn't bear going into his office.
Sondra : So I hired a company to sell off the furniture and just dump the rest.
Sondra : I told Shaw all of this before he left.
Ryan : - What time was that? - Around 5 : 00.
Castle : That's still three and a half hours before he met his murderer.
UNK: Yeah. Did he mention anything about where he was going next?
Sondra : No, but he said something in Latin before he walked away.
Castle : Do you remember what that was? It could be very important.
UNK: Mmm.
UNK: Finis omnium... I don't know.
UNK: Nunc est.
UNK: Finis omnium nunc est.
UNK: "The end is upon us."
Castle : I know why Shaw came here wielding an axe last night.
Hayley : To commit unholy murder on two unbelievably exceptional women?
Castle : Close, but no. He was trying to get in there.
Hayley : The safe?
Castle : This was all dry-walled over when I rented the office.
Castle : The contractors found it when I was doing the renovations.
UNK: The landlord thought it'd been removed,
Castle : but clearly, Noah Kramer walled it up before he died,
Castle : intent on burying whatever he and Shaw were working on.
Alexis : That's why Shaw grabbed the axe, to try and break into the safe.
Hayley : So what's inside?
Alexis : I don't know.
Hayley : Wait a minute. You've never opened... why the hell not?
UNK: Oh, God, is this another one of his...
UNK: - Mmm-hmm. - Great.
UNK: No, no. It's... Look...
Castle : If I opened it, I was bound to be disappointed
UNK: with whatever it was inside.
Castle : If I never opened it,
UNK: Iiterally anything I imagined could be in there.
Hayley : So you chose fantasy over reality.
Castle : - Well, duh. - But we're going to open it now, right?
Castle : Well, duh.
Castle : When an axe-wielding psychopath is killed by a demon trying to get inside,
Castle : clearly whatever's in there is worth seeing.
Castle : If only I knew someone who could crack a safe.
Hayley : It's a Jefferson Titanium 500 Vault.
UNK: Meaning?
UNK: I need 28 minutes and a chocolate milkshake.
Castle : You're kidding.
Hayley : - Chocolate milkshake. - Chocolate milkshake.
Hayley : Chocolate milkshake.
Beckett : - Captain. - Yeah.
Esposito : According to Peakmore's visitors logs,
Esposito : the person who came to see Shaw was named Dennis wormwood.
Beckett : - Oh, good. Any luck finding him? - No, because it's a fake name.
Beckett : Okay. well, Peakmore must have security videos.
UNK: So pull the feed and see ifyou can ID him.
Esposito : I did. Check this out.
Beckett : Oh, that's strange.
UNK: "Creepy" is more like it.
Esposito : So, do you think Castle's right...