UNK: Damian Westlake : No. Everyone loved her.
UNK: Someone spray-painted your back wall.
Beckett : Did you notice anyone suspicious hanging out when you left?
UNK: No.
UNK: Vicky shouldn't even have been here.
UNK: Damian Westlake : She came home early from work with a headache.
Castle : Hey, we're gonna catch the guy who did this, okay? I promise.
Beckett : What did she do for a living?
UNK: Damian Westlake : Interior design.
Beckett : And you?
Castle : Damian's a writer.
Beckett : Anything I might have read?
UNK: Nah, I've never been published.
Beckett : How long were the two of you married?
UNK: Damian Westlake : Five years.
Beckett : And would you characterize your relationship as happy?
Castle : Whoa. Why would you need to ask that?
UNK: It's all right, Ricky.
UNK: I loved my wife very much.
UNK: Damian Westlake : She was my whole world.
Beckett : Mr. Westlake, I'm sorry,
Beckett : but I'm gonna have to ask you a few questions about the murder weapon...
UNK: Okay. Why would you need to ask him about the murder weapon?
UNK: Castle.
Beckett : The nail gun, was that yours?
UNK: Damian Westlake : No. We've been doing some remodeling.
UNK: Damian Westlake : Any tools in the house belong to the workmen.
Beckett : Did you ever have any...
Castle : Were there ever any issues with these workmen?
UNK: Yeah,
UNK: Damian Westlake : I overheard Vicky on the phone with someone last Friday evening.
UNK: Damian Westlake : She told him he was fired and he shouldn't come back.
Castle : You know his name?
UNK: No, I asked her about it,
UNK: Damian Westlake : she told me it was nothing.
UNK: Damian Westlake : Talk to Amber Patinelli. Amber works for Vicky.
UNK: Damian Westlake : Look, if you don't mind,
UNK: Damian Westlake : I really need to call Vicky's ex-husband, Simon, and her kids.
UNK: I'm sure the press are gonna be all over this,
UNK: Damian Westlake : and I don't want them to hear about it on television.
UNK: Amber Patinelli : Of course.
UNK: Damian Westlake : Excuse me.
Castle : Hey! Why are you mad at me? I'm just looking out for my friend.
Beckett : You challenged my authority in front of a suspect, Castle.
Castle : Since when is Damian a suspect?
Beckett : Right now everyone is, you know that. That's how I do my job.
Beckett : I will not have you get in the way of an investigation.
Castle : I won't. I won't. I promise.
UNK: But now can we get on to real suspects, like, workmen.
Castle : Like mystery gang members.
Castle : Question away.
UNK: Look,
Castle : I promised Damian we would get the guy that did this.