Alexis : outside the Westlake home the night of the murder?
UNK: Ray Salazar : Thought we did. He looked a lot like a local tough named Enrique Molina.
UNK: Ray Salazar : But when we brought Molina in,
UNK: Ray Salazar : the neighbors couldn't pick him out of a lineup.
Castle : That's because it wasn't Molina.
UNK: Ray Salazar : I'm listening.
Castle : Michael Rutherford was a scholarship kid at Edgewyck Academy
Castle : where Damian Westlake and I went to school.
Castle : He was smart, but a sociopath. A thief.
Castle : The kid barely graduated.
UNK: Ray Salazar : Were Rutherford and Westlake friends?
Castle : No. As a matter of fact
Castle : it was Damian who turned him in to the headmaster for stealing.
Castle : But they did run in some of the same circles,
Castle : sometimes went to the same parties.
Castle : What if Michael Rutherford
Castle : heard about the Westlake vacation home in Puerto Rico?
Castle : It was nearly always vacant, full of treasure.
UNK: He could have made a small fortune
Castle : and gotten revenge on Damian at the same time.
Ryan : Hey! How'd it go?
Beckett : Damian Westlake is a thief and a cheater,
Beckett : but he might not be our killer.
Beckett : You guys, I hate admitting it, but Castle might be right.
Ryan : We've also been thinking that Castle might be right.
Esposito : Info's back on Simon Campbell.
Esposito : Vicky's ex-husband is what they like to call overextended.
Ryan : Campbell's real estate firm took a big hit two years ago
UNK: and he borrowed heavily to cover costs.
Ryan : Man needs a cash transfusion. Stat.
UNK: Is Simon in Vicky's will?
Ryan : He gets the deed to the brownstone, which is worth over $5 million.
Ryan : He's also the executor of their children's estate.
Esposito : Now, he was at home with the kids at the time of the murder,
Esposito : but he was on the second floor and they were on the third.
UNK: So, he could have snuck out and been back before anyone noticed.
Ryan : Which brings us to the Campbell brownstone,
Ryan : and its very sophisticated security system.
Ryan : It records every door opening, every window.
UNK: Our friendly ADA got us a warrant, and we talked to the alarm company.