Castle : are both murdered in home invasions but he had nothing to do with them?
Martha : So what do you think?
Castle : I know if he is guilty,
Castle : I'll need to be convinced beyond a reasonable doubt.
Castle : I will need solid evidence, not just coincidence and speculation.
Martha : Have you ever known Beckett to settle for less than that?
UNK: No.
UNK: Well, I think you should face it, kiddo.
Martha : You may owe that woman an apology.
UNK: Especially if you want to stay on the case.
Beckett : Oh, no!
Castle : Can I give you a hand with that?
Beckett : I got it.
Castle : - You just, you... - Castle, I said I got it, okay?
Beckett : What are you doing here?
Castle : When I told Damian
UNK: that the best detective in New York was working his wife's case,
Castle : I meant it. And I'm...
Castle : I'm sorry to have doubted you.
Castle : If you let me back,
Castle : I promise I will do my best to remain objective.
Beckett : Well, that might be harder than you think.
Beckett : The Westlakes' financial records.
Beckett : This is their prenuptial agreement,
Beckett : and it's pretty clear that if they got divorced,
Beckett : Damian would get nothing, but with her dead,
Beckett : he inherits 10 million.
Castle : Yes, but you're forgetting that Damian is already rich.
Castle : The money he got when his father died.
Ryan : When his father was murdered,
Ryan : and also, that money is gone.
Ryan : Last of his cash Damian spent wooing Vicky.
Ryan : He showered her with expensive presents,
Beckett : the engagement ring, a tennis bracelet, diamond earrings.
Beckett : And by the time they got married, Damian was tapped out of money.
Beckett : Vicky was paying for all the bills.
Ryan : According to Damian's credit card receipts,
Ryan : he spent her money on good scotch, box seats and Cuban cigars.
Ryan : Meanwhile, most of her charges were for her design business.
UNK: Appraisers, a rug place, refinisher.
Ryan : - So? - So maybe Vicky
Beckett : got tired of being his ATM.
Beckett : Maybe she threatened to cut him off, just like his father did.
Beckett : Castle, I read the Philip Westlake case files.
Beckett : The cops were sure it was him.
Castle : Yes, but they were wrong. Just like you're wrong now.
Beckett : I'm sorry, is this you being objective, or is this you staying out of my way?
UNK: This is me saying maybe we could broaden our suspect pool a little bit.
UNK: Certainly there's someone else we could be looking at?
Esposito : I think I might be able to help with that.
Esposito : The gang unit ID'ed the tag on the back wall of the Westlakes'.
Esposito : It's a personal signature. Guy's name is Omar Lincoln.
Castle : Please, please tell me he's a very bad man.
Esposito : Well, he did two years for assault with a deadly weapon
UNK: - and a B and E in 2007. - Huh!
Esposito : Called the graffiti squad.
Esposito : They've been tracking this guy. Got a pop on his location.
UNK: All right! Let's go get this guy! Huh!
Beckett : - Okay, go. I got it. - Thank you.
Esposito : Yo, Omar.
Esposito : Come here.
Ryan : NYPD. Come on down.
UNK: Omar Lincoln : So long, Detectives.
Esposito : - Hey! Hey. Hey!
Ryan : Hey, wait a minute.
UNK: Oh, no! Oh!
Esposito : NYPD! Stop the truck!
UNK: Stop! Stop the truck! Stop!
UNK: All right, get down!
UNK: Yo, if this is about that dead rich lady, I don't know nothing.
UNK: All right, come on, let's go.
UNK: Omar Lincoln : Okay, I was at the house, yeah. But I didn't kill her.
Esposito : Here's what I think happened, Omar.
Esposito : You were back there tagging the wall
UNK: when Mrs. Westlake opens the door and sees you.
Esposito : You shove her inside and you grab the first weapon you find,
Esposito : so that she doesn't call the cops and you don't get busted on your parole.
Castle : No, no!
UNK: Omar Lincoln : Look, I tagged the wall. Right after that I hit the flower shop on 63rd.
UNK: The owner sees me, pulls a.38.
UNK: I get out of there hella fast.
Castle : - Ask him. - What time was this?
UNK: Quarter to 5 : 00 about.
UNK: Omar Lincoln : You make this vandalism charge go away,
UNK: Omar Lincoln : I'll tell you fine detectives who did it.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Omar Lincoln : Her husband.
Castle : - Come on. - Castle.
UNK: All right, Omar. Talk to me.
UNK: Omar Lincoln : I heard them two fighting. I mean, breezy had her Park Avenue on.
UNK: Omar Lincoln : "You're a liar, you're a thief.
UNK: "I'm sorry I ever met you! I want a divorce!"
UNK: Omar Lincoln : If I was him,
UNK: I would've killed her, too, just to shut her up.
UNK: Um...
Castle : I mean...
UNK: Don't need to write that.
Castle : I can't believe we're taking Omar Lincoln at his word.
UNK: I'm taking the word of Dan Samuels, who confirms at 4 : 50 p.m.
UNK: he was at his flower shop pointing a.38 at Omar Lincoln,
UNK: and that Omar ran north,
UNK: which is in the opposite direction of the Westlakes' townhouse.
Castle : Yes, but maybe he doubled back.
Esposito : Omar says that he overheard the Westlakes
UNK: having a knockdown drag-out, and that she used the "D" word.
Beckett : Damian told us that things were fine between them,
Beckett : and that the last thing that Vicky said to him was,