Beckett : You were the last one to see her alive. You were the only one with motive.
UNK: Omar Lincoln : But I didn't kill her!
Castle : Alexis up and gone already?
UNK: Oh, yeah, she wanted to window-shop before her violin lesson.
Martha : It's her first Valentine's Day with Ashley
Martha : and she's feeling the pressure.
UNK: Oh, yes. She wants a gift that says, "I love you,"
Castle : but nothing that says,
Castle : "I love you more than life itself, please don't leave me or I may die."
Martha : Well, that's why you guys go for the chocolates and the flowers.
Castle : I wish the choice I had to make today was so simple.
UNK: I realize that I have the choice to believe in two terrible things.
Castle : Either Damian is a killer, or Beckett's arrested an innocent man.
Castle : Just thinking about it is making my head hurt.
Martha : Well, then, forget your head. Listen to your heart.
UNK: Ricky.
Castle : I keep thinking back to when I was a senior and you were off at Harvard.
Castle : You'd send me pages you were working on for your novel.
Castle : And they were good, Damian. And you had talent.
UNK: Why did you throw it away?
UNK: Damian Westlake : You were the writer, Ricky, not me. I didn't have anything to say.
UNK: Damian Westlake : After I inherited all that money, I just didn't even want to try anymore.
UNK: Damian Westlake : But when I look back at my life, I hope you won't mind
UNK: Damian Westlake : if I list you as one of my few accomplishments.
UNK: You should have told me about Callie.
UNK: Damian Westlake : I swear to you, I didn't kill my wife.
UNK: All right, can you think of anything we might have overlooked?
Castle : Anything that might speak to your innocence?
UNK: Damian Westlake : I slept in. I went to the gym.
UNK: Damian Westlake : When I got home Vicky was already there.
UNK: Damian Westlake : She had been to see Callie. We fought, God, for hours.
Castle : She said she wanted a divorce.
UNK: Yeah, she showed me an envelope and said there were papers inside
UNK: that her lawyer had drawn up for her to sign.
UNK: Damian Westlake : She was gonna end the marriage.
UNK: Damian Westlake : I begged her to reconsider and she asked me to leave.
UNK: Damian Westlake : She needed to think.
UNK: You said Vicky gave you an envelope. What'd it look like?
Blanca : I gotta get back to my route.
Castle : Just five minutes, I promise.
Castle : - Hello! Hello! Castle?
Castle : Everyone, this is Blanca.
UNK: Yeah. I don't know what...
Castle : So, first of all, you were right.