Beckett : you'd be asking me why I hadn't already slapped the cuffs on him.
Castle : But it isn't anyone else,
Castle : and I'm telling you, you are way off base on this one.
Ryan : What's going on?
Esposito : Mom and Dad are fighting.
Ryan : Who's winning?
Beckett : We agreed that you would stay out of my way on this.
Castle : Yes, but I did not agree
Castle : I would stand by and let you railroad my friend...
Beckett : Castle, you are too close to this one. You need to go home! Now!
UNK: Yeah...
Ryan : Yeah, thanks, Bill. Really appreciate that.
UNK: - I'll find it soon. Okay. Yeah, soon as possible.
Beckett : Let's get a hold of Philip Westlake's case file.
UNK: I wanna find out why no arrests were made.
Beckett : And Vicky Westlake's ex-husband, Simon Campbell,
Beckett : let's bring him in.
UNK: Sorry, I had to get out of there.
Castle : I keep thinking I'm gonna hear Vicky's voice,
UNK: or I'm gonna come around a corner and see her curled up on the sofa.
Castle : Listen, Damian, I'm sorry, something's come up in the investigation.
Castle : Your father's murder.
Castle : You were a suspect.
UNK: Damian Westlake : Some creep broke into our house, robbed the place and shot my father.
UNK: Damian Westlake : The cops decided on day one that it must have been me.
Castle : Were you there?
UNK: Damian Westlake : I was at college, 2,000 miles away.
Castle : I know you and your father didn't have the best relationship.
UNK: Damian Westlake : It only got worse after my mother passed away.
Castle : And when he died, you inherited...
UNK: Everything.
UNK: Damian Westlake : Detective Beckett thinks I got away with murder once,
UNK: Damian Westlake : and now I've done it again, doesn't she?
UNK: Damian, you should have told me.
Castle : I'm not a cop, I'm your friend.
UNK: Damian Westlake : That's right. You are.
UNK: Damian Westlake : Remember when you first came to Edgewyck?
Beckett : I remember.
UNK: Damian Westlake : I was the one that told them to give you a chance.
UNK: Damian Westlake : I'm looking for the same chance now.
Beckett : Mr. Campbell, how did you get along with your ex-wife?