Castle : I knew that already.
Martha : For Valentine's Day, she bought Ashley a frame,
Martha : had it engraved "true love,"
Martha : and put in a picture of his pet rat, Theodore.
Castle : Heartfelt, yet humorous. Genius.
Alexis : What's in the box?
UNK: This is Philip Westlake's murder file.
Castle : I told Beckett I'm gonna solve the case.
Martha : Oh, Richard...
Castle : What? You're the one who told me to follow my heart.
Martha : Yes, but, you know...
Alexis : Dad, that case is older than me.
Castle : This doesn't sound like encouragement.
UNK: Then, would you like some help?
Castle : Yes, I would.
Beckett : To hire a gunman you need cash.
UNK: And according to everything that we've been through here,
Beckett : Damian didn't have any.
Esposito : Yeah, well, it's somewhere. We just haven't found it yet.
UNK: With all the expensive knickknacks in that house,
Ryan : maybe he pawned a figurine.
Beckett : Vicky was a designer. She was meticulous.
UNK: She would have noticed if something went missing.
Beckett : Like the engagement ring.
Esposito : Got something?
Beckett : Omar Lincoln overheard Vicky call Damian a thief.
Beckett : And when Vicky apologized to Morris Hasberg
Beckett : for accusing him of stealing her engagement ring, she cried.
Beckett : Maybe she wasn't crying because of Morris.
Beckett : Maybe she was crying because she realized
Beckett : that her husband was stealing from her.
Ryan : CSU said the ring was accounted for.
Beckett : Vicky's credit card. Wasn't there an appraiser on it?
Esposito : Yeah. Why?
Beckett : I think I know how Damian got his money.
UNK: Wallace Benner : It was terrible what happened to Mrs. Westlake.
Beckett : She came to see you Tuesday afternoon.
Ryan : What for?
UNK: Wallace Benner : Well, she wanted her jewelry appraised.
UNK: Wallace Benner : I'm afraid I had some bad news for her. The stones were imitation.
UNK: Wallace Benner : And I see that quite a bit.
UNK: Wallace Benner : People need cash in a hurry, but they don't want to give up their jewelry.
UNK: Wallace Benner : So they sell the diamonds and they replace them
UNK: Wallace Benner : with high quality silicon carbide.
Beckett : Was one of the pieces an 11 -carat engagement ring?
UNK: Wallace Benner : Yes. The entire basket setting had been replaced.