Aida : I have come to America
Aida : because it is my dream to become a successful painter someday.
Castle : Very good.
UNK: Ah...
UNK: Hello, I am Jean-Luc.
Achmed : Hi, I am Achmed. I urinate now.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Hello, I am Jean-Luc.
Castle : Excuse me, monsieur, perhaps it would help me to... How you say...
Castle : Catch up with the rest of the class if I was able to look at their assignments.
UNK: You'll be fine, Jean-Luc.
Emerson : In fact, your English is already quite good.
Castle : Ah, excuse me. One of the other students would like your attention.
Castle : In the back. Keep looking.
UNK: Hey.
UNK: I've figured out who sent the text. Guy's name is Alistair Durcoyne.
Beckett : - Are you sure it's him? - Yeah.
Castle : The grammatical structure in the text "I got ways for to make you dead"
Castle : is a direct match to his homework assignment where he wrote,
UNK: "I went for to get some beer."
Beckett : Good job, Castle. I'll have Ryan and Espo take it from here.
Castle : Are you going to tell them about my involvement?
Castle : I have to.
UNK: I mean, I'll say you found out about the ESL class on your own,
Beckett : and that I had no idea that you were going undercover.
Castle : - You think they'll buy it? - Oh, I don'tknow.
Beckett : I mean, when have you ever gone against my wishes
Beckett : and interfered with an investigation?
Castle : No need for sarcasm. AII you had to say was "yes."
Ryan : So, we just got off the phone with the Metropolitan Police Service in London.
Ryan : They sure did have a lot to say about you, Alistair.
Esposito : Multiple arrests for assault and battery.
UNK: They said you were an enforcer
Esposito : for a loan shark named Jimmy "The Bones" Barrett.
Ryan : Did you move to America and go into business for yourself, Alistair?
Ryan : Did Eddie owe you money? Is that why you killed him?
UNK: Haddaway man, divvin shoot ya gob off. Ah divvint dunch that gadgie!
UNK: Ah wes bind mortal in da boozah when Eddie went doon, like.
UNK: Ifthis guy is from England, why doesn't he speak English?
Emerson : I don't know.
UNK: But I think I knowjust the person to ask.
UNK: Aye. Doon the gate fa Snitter.
UNK: - Round the doors to Felton? - Mmm.
UNK: Way aye, I cannot forgotten it.
Hayley : He's a Geordie. From Newcastle.
Hayley : Though technically English,
Hayley : the language has evolved to include
Hayley : a certain unique vocabulary and grammatical structure.
Hayley : I can translate.
Ryan : You threatened to kill Eddie.
UNK: I sent the gadgie the message,
Alistair : maybe since I gannin' proper radgie, like.
Hayley : Oh, he says that he only sent Eddie
Hayley : the text message because he was furious.
UNK: Eddie asked us for to borrow me gypsy motor bogie, mind,
UNK: about two night ago, it was.
Hayley : He drives a gypsy cab, and Eddie asked to borrow it two nights ago.
UNK: But gone noon, when the gadgie done gave it to us back,
UNK: it was right hacky with bullets, mind.
UNK: - My goodness! - Sartin reivers shot wor bogie.
Hayley : So, when Alistair got the gypsy cab back the next morning,
Hayley : it was riddled with bullet holes.
Esposito : So, someone shot up your cab?
UNK: Aye, got me right radgie like.
UNK: Eddie told us he meant for to give us proper coterils to fettle it,
UNK: but the doylem divvin arrive.
Hayley : That's why he was so livid.
Hayley : Eddie promised that he would pay for the damage,
UNK: but then he didn't show up for class.
UNK: I thought Eddie gan ta grund,
UNK: so aw fashhed Jedart Laa, like, but aw divvin ivvor mean it, man.
Hayley : He thought that Eddie was trying to dodge him,
Hayley : and so that's why he sent him a threatening message.
Hayley : But he swears he didn't mean it. He's just really pissed off.
UNK: Um, let's assume that Alistair is telling the truth.
Ryan : Do you know where he took your cab? Do you know if he was