Ryan : - meeting someone? - Mmm-mmm.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
Esposito : So, tell us about your gypsy cab. Does it have GPS?
UNK: Aye.
Ryan : Well, Alistair alibied out.
Ryan : He was blind drunk at a pub during our time-of-death window.
Beckett : And what about his gypsy cab?
Ryan : Looks like Alistair was telling the truth.
Ryan : Wherever Eddie drove that cab, someone tried to kill him.
UNK: Wow. Sounds like our mild-mannered zoo worker rattled a few cages.
Esposito : Actually, Eddie wasn't so mild-mannered after all.
Esposito : I got in touch with his next-of-kin in EI Salvador.
Esposito : Eddie used to be a cop.
Beckett : Wait... He was a cop? why are we just hearing about this now?
Esposito : He lied on his immigration forms.
Ryan : Why wouldn't Eddie want people to know he's a former police officer?
Esposito : I thought that was strange, too, so I did a little digging.
Esposito : Apparently there were rumors that Eddie was part of a corrupt police unit.
Esposito : These guys were accused of extorting criminals, taking bribes...
Vikram : Hey, so I've gone through the GPS on Alistair's gypsy cab.
Vikram : Looks like Eddie only made one stop. A place called the Saldana Club.
Beckett : Okay. what do we know about this place?
Vikram : It's run by Jose and Frankie Saldana.
UNK: A couple of low-Ievel players,
Vikram : but they've got priors for assault and trafficking.
Vikram : Plus word is they deal drugs out of their club.
UNK: Well, if Eddie used to shakedown crooks back in EI Salvador,
Ryan : maybe he was doing the same thing to these guys here.
UNK: And they might've killed him for it. Let's go.
Vikram : Jose and Frankie Saldana?
UNK: Jose Saldana : Yeah, who's asking?
Esposito : So what happened? Someone drop a grenade in here?
Jose : We're redecorating. You like?
Esposito : Looks like you boys got into a little trouble.
UNK: - Yeah, rock-climbing accident. - Hmm.
Jose : See, Frankie here forgot how to tie
Jose : one of those fancy knots.
UNK: Oops.
Ryan : So it's got nothing to do with Eddie Ramirez? The guy you took a shot at.
Beckett : Sorry, I have to get water.
Ryan : Eddie Ramirez?
Jose : - Never heard of him. - Really?
UNK: Because if a short 50-year-old man broke my face and stole 10 grand,
Esposito : I'd remember.
Esposito : Let me jog your memory. Eddie...
UNK: Uh, something on your mind?
Bartender : They're lying their asses off. That man, Eddie Ramirez, he was here.
Castle : - What happened? - Came in all calm.
Bartender : Next thing I know, he's beating the crap out of Jose and Frankie.
UNK: Forced them to fill up a briefcase with cash.