Castle : I think I've had it somewhere before.
Kim : I doubt that's true. It's a family recipe from my village.
UNK: Oh.
Castle : Very nice.
UNK: Oh.
Castle : Achmed, are you all right? You seem upset.
Ryan : Do you know who else Eddie was helping?
UNK: Yes.
UNK: Me. I came to him with problem.
Castle : What was the problem?
Achmed : A girl in my building is missing.
UNK: She is undocumented.
Achmed : Before she disappear,
Achmed : she tell me someone was forcing her to pay money or else.
Castle : - And you told Eddie this? - Yes.
Achmed : He promised to find her.
Achmed : I ask about this the day he die,
Achmed : and Eddie say it was all more dangerous than he thought.
UNK: Eddie said he'd discovered a terrible conspiracy.
UNK: And now he's dead. AII because of me.
Castle : No, Achmed, it is not your fault.
Castle : But perhaps I can help. What is this girl's name?
Achmed : Anita Rodriguez.
UNK: So, I lookedinto ourmissing neighbor.
Achmed : Anita Rodriguez.
Beckett : Now, because she's undocumented, there's next to no public record of her.
Beckett : But I did find out that she was working at a cleaning company off the books.
UNK: Now, a week-and-a-half ago,
Beckett : she missed her shift and hasn't been seen since...
Beckett : Are you okay?
UNK: Yeah. Uh, something weird happened at ESL class today.
Castle : What happened?
UNK: Hey.
Esposito : So, we just got back from Anita Rodriguez's apartment.
Esposito : We got a hit on a print.
Beckett : Marco Sutter?
Ryan : Yeah, he's an enforcer from up in the Corona neighborhood.
Ryan : Organized Crime has a file on this guy.
Ryan : Extortion, money laundering, assault with intent.
UNK: AII right, go pick him up.
Beckett : Marco Sutter?
UNK: NYPD.
Ryan : Hold it right there.
UNK: Gun!
Beckett : Let's go!
UNK: Go!
UNK: NYPD!
Ryan : - Let me see your hands! - Let me see your hands up right now!
UNK: Put 'em out the window now!
Beckett : Here's what I think.
Beckett : You tried to extort a powerless immigrant.
UNK: And when she wouldn't pay, you killed her.
UNK: And when Eddie Ramirez came Iooking for her, you killed him, too.
Marco : I want a lawyer.
UNK: Hey.
Beckett : Marco lawyered up.
Ryan : But check this out.
Ryan : Found something interesting tucked inside his wallet.
UNK: We traced it to a locker out of the G.w. Bridge bus station.
Kim : I doubt Marco's keeping his laundry there.
Beckett : Could be evidence we can use as leverage.
Esposito : We'll look into it.
UNK: Oh, what a day.
Esposito : Tell me about it.
Esposito : A pit of snakes, getting shot at...
Ryan : Thank God it's almost over.
Aida : I don't think that I could take any more excitement.
UNK: FBI!
UNK: Get down! Let me see your hands!
UNK: - Hands behind your back. - Don't move!
UNK: That's great work, Captain.
UNK: Agent Napier : Do you know how long the FBI's been on this case?
Aida : Two years!
UNK: Agent Napier : Before Crockett and Tubbs here T-boned my stakeout.
Beckett : Detectives Ryan and Esposito are investigating a homicide, Agent Napier.
Beckett : And no FBI alert came across my desk about your precious little stakeout.
Beckett : So, why don't you drop the attitude.
UNK: Agent Napier : How'd you find that locker?
Beckett : Our murder suspect had a key on him when we arrested him.
UNK: Agent Napier : And this suspect, does he have a name?
Beckett : No. Not until you tell me what's going on.
UNK: Agent Napier : I'm not at liberty to discuss the specifics of my case.
Beckett : Okay. Then I guess we're done here.
UNK: Agent Napier : It's Marco Sutter, isn't it?
UNK: He's the only logical person to have a key.
UNK: Agent Napier : You need to let him go.
Esposito : Screw that. He shot at us.
UNK: Agent Napier : I don't care.
Ryan : Well, you should, because ifwe let him go after that,
UNK: he's gonna figure out why pretty fast.
Beckett : I'm guessing Marco's the low man on your totem pole.
Beckett : And you're tracking the money from his shakedown operations
Beckett : to get to your real target.
Beckett : So, why don't you let us in on the investigation, we can work this together.
UNK: Agent Napier : Mmm. That's not in my playbook.
UNK: Agent Napier : But you're right. Marco is small potatoes.
UNK: Agent Napier : So you go ahead and keep him.
UNK: Agent Napier : You just remember my federal case trumps your homicide.
UNK: So, you steer clear.
UNK: So you gonna let that pretty boy steamroll us?
UNK: No.
Beckett : If Marco killed Eddie,
UNK: then we are gonna take him down along with anyone connected to him.
Beckett : But we have to tread lightly.
UNK: So, I'm gonna reach out to my guys in the FBI
UNK: and see ifthey can tell us what Napier is up to.
UNK: Castle?
Beckett : Uh, what's going on?
Castle : Hey. where's your passport? We've got to go to Korea.
UNK: Why?
UNK: Because I finally figured it out.
Castle : My missing time.
Castle : Now it all makes sense. It mostly makes sense.
Beckett : Wait a minute. Is this about what happened in your classroom?
Castle : I ate a dish today.
Castle : It triggered a memory.
Castle : I was in Korea, surrounded by locals, and I could see that temple.
Beckett : Tongdosa Temple.
Castle : It's in the South Gyeongsang province.
Beckett : Okay, well, we know that you were in Thailand, so Korea's not a stretch.
Castle : Yeah, I must have gone there right after.
Beckett : But why?
Castle : I have no idea.
Castle : I ordered more food in hopes ofjogging another memory.
UNK: It didn't work. But that's okay. When we get to Korea...
Beckett : No, no, no, Castle, I'm not going to Korea.
Castle : Yeah, you're right. I should go first. That way...
Beckett : And neither are you.
Beckett : We don't have enough information yet.
Beckett : It's too dangerous. You almost got killed in Thailand.
Castle : Yeah. Yes, you're right.
Castle : I'll just try to keep triggering more memories loose.
Castle : Are you in the mood for some kimchi?
UNK: 'Cause I bought, like, $400-worth and that stuff goes right through me.