Castle : Oh, my God.
Caldwell : Hold on. I don't know what you're talking about...
Hayley : You are Judge Caldwell.
Caldwell : I have no idea who that is.
Hayley : Stop telling lies! I know you are the one who did it.
UNK: Lady, listen. You don't wanna do this, all right. He's not worth it.
Caldwell : Okay! I did know him.
Caldwell : But I promise I didn't kill him. I didn't have to.
Hayley : What do you mean, "You didn't have to"?
Caldwell : The guy was a cop! He had enemies.
Caldwell : And the enemies of my enemies were...
UNK: what...
Caldwell : what is this? Some kind of a setup?
Caldwell : Who the hell are you people?
Hayley : You had better tell me what happened,
Hayley : or I'm going to shoot you.
Caldwell : The hell you will.
Castle : Just let him go.
Castle : Damn it, we were so close.
UNK: "The enemy of my enemy is my friend."
Esposito : Do you think the judge dropped a dime to one of Eddie's enemies
UNK: back in EI Salvador?
Ryan : Question is, how did the judge find out
Ryan : the names of Eddie's enemies back in EI Salvador?
Beckett : I don't know, but Castle said that the judge referenced Eddie's past as a cop.
Beckett : Why don't you guys see ifyou can find out
UNK: who had a beefwith Eddie back in his home country?
Beckett : - Yeah. - Captain Beckett.
UNK: Agent Napier : Do you have any idea what you've done?
Beckett : I have a feeling you're about to tell me.
UNK: Agent Napier : We lose eyes on Judge Caldwell for all of 10 minutes
UNK: Agent Napier : and the next thing you know he's canceled court,
UNK: Agent Napier : and he's holed up with his lawyer.
Beckett : I'm sorry. who is this judge exactly?
UNK: Agent Napier : Knock it off, Captain.
UNK: Agent Napier : We know you were on to Caldwell this morning.
UNK: Agent Napier : We pulled surveillance video from the courthouse.
UNK: Agent Napier : Your husband and his band of immigrant misfits
UNK: Agent Napier : are all over the footage.
Beckett : Okay, then I will make sure my guys question them.
UNK: Well, you'd better move fast,
UNK: Agent Napier : 'cause I plan on having each and every one of them deported for this.
Beckett : No, you want to go after someone, you go after me.
Beckett : But leave those people alone.
UNK: Agent Napier : They interfered with a federal investigation.
Beckett : Their friend was murdered. They wanted justice.
Beckett : Which includes the ability to live and work in this country
Beckett : without being victimized
UNK: by a government-appointed judge or a power-hungry FBI agent.