Hayley : There must be hundreds of Anita Rodriguezs out there.
Vikram : Her fingerprints.
Vikram : And the paper trail for how she ended up at the facility is pretty thin.
Beckett : - Intentionally so? - Maybe.
Vikram : But there was one name I could track. Judge Jason Caldwell.
Vikram : He signed the deportation order.
UNK: Andfrom his record,
UNK: there's nothing he likes in this world more than deporting foreigners.
UNK: But that doesn't prove that he had anything to do with Eddie's murder.
Vikram : No, but this is pretty damn incriminating.
Vikram : The day before the murder,
UNK: Our victim got in a shoving match with Judge Caldwell at the courthouse.
Hayley : Eddie must have connected the judge to Marco's extortion scheme
Hayley : and gone down there to confront him.
Beckett : If Eddie threatened to expose the criminal conspiracy,
Hayley : the judge would have strong motive to kill him.
UNK: I don'tgetit.
Castle : The financial upside to extorting immigrants cannotbe thathigh.
Castle : Why would a judge, who makes six figures a year, get involved?
Vikram : My assumption is Marco kept the extortion money for himself.
Beckett : What would the judge get out of it?
Vikram : Huge kickbacks from a private prison in Texas.
Ryan : According to Judge Caldwell's financials,
Vikram : he's got a sweetheart deal
Vikram : with a company that runs a detention center in EI Paso.
Vikram : He literally gets paid for every bed he fills.
Hayley : So, Marco shakes down the immigrants for money.
Hayley : Sooner or later, they run out of cash, and then Caldwell ships them to Texas.
UNK: Andgets paid.
Castle : I hate this guy.
Esposito : Me, too. Let's bring him in.
Beckett : No, wait. You guys, he's a federal judge.
UNK: We can'tjust go after him. Ifwe're wrong, then we'll...
Beckett : wait. Go full on the security cam.
UNK: Guys, look at thatjanitor.
Beckett : He's wearing an earpiece.
Vikram : Why would a janitor need an earpiece?
Esposito : So is the guy on the bench with the newspaper.
Beckett : Which means it's an FBI surveillance team following the judge.
Castle : He must be the FBI's real target.
UNK: Oh, we can'tgo at this guy. Not with the feds watching.
Beckett : Napier clearly stated that we were not to step on his investigation.
Castle : The NYPD can't.
Castle : But I can.
Castle : With a little help from my friends.
UNK: Agent Napier : Caldwell's on the move. Heading to the courthouse.
UNK: I'm so sorry! A thousand apologies.
UNK: Agent Napier : Get out of the way.
UNK: Oh!
UNK: Hi!
Kim : Your baby's so adorable!
Aida : So is yours.
Alexis : Excuse me.
UNK: Team 2, subject is coming your way.
UNK: Howay man, giz a deek to wor map.
UNK: Deer knaa whar's tha boozah? I'm clammin for to get sum canny bait.
UNK: Sorry, can't help you.
UNK: Is it nearby?
UNK: The service elevator down the hall.
Caldwell : Oh, thank you.
UNK: Agent Napier : Hey, did the judge go up in the elevator?
UNK: Agent Napier : Damn it.
Castle : - After you. - Oh, thank you.
Caldwell : This can't be right.
Castle : Where's the service elevator?