Kutner : You guys seemed happy together.
Kutner : It's probably for the best, you know, the bisexual thing and all.
UNK: That was never an issue.
Kutner : No, it never is. Until it is.
Kutner : This is Thirteen. Before you guys got together,
Kutner : she was hooking up with a different girl every night.
Kutner : Long term, you really think you could compete with that?
UNK: House, wake up. We have to talk.
Wilson : Stop pretending to be asleep, we're not leaving.
UNK: House.
Kutner : What's going on?
UNK: House?
Wilson : He's not breathing. Can you get a pulse?
UNK: Barely. Call a code.
Wilson : Get an Ambu bag from the nurse's station.
Foreman : Heart's still working, means synapses are still firing.
Foreman : We just need to get a message through to him.
Wilson : You stopped breathing.
Cuddy : What the hell is going on?
House : I think my penis stopped breathing. Do you know CPR?
Cuddy : Looks like your brain is okay.
Cuddy : Pupils are equal, round and reactive.
House : I'm fine, other than the fact that my nurple is now purple.
House : No wonder you broke up with him.
House : I'm surprised yours are still attached.
House : By the way, I could see that from here.
House : I assume those are our patient's lab results.
UNK: The patient can wait. You could have died.
Wilson : The only reason you'd ignore a near-death experience is you don't care,
Wilson : or you already know why it happened.
House : It's called Vicodin. I took too many.
House : Can I please get some information about our patient?
UNK: The patient's palms are red. Lab test confirmed liver and kidney dysfunction.
Kutner : I don't remember you taking any Vicodin today.
Kutner : I don't remember hiring my mother.
UNK: And what causes the enzymes in
House : little Boy George's existing heart problem and pelvic pain?
Wilson : You didn't take any yesterday at breakfast, either.
Kutner : I don't remember having breakfast with my mother.
Foreman : Amyloidosis with systemic involvement.
Thirteen : Protein levels are normal. This kid's depressed.
Thirteen : If he's self-medicating with drugs and alcohol,
Thirteen : that'd explain his symptoms.
House : Search the school. Search the home.
Kutner : Seriously? Or are you just deflecting?
UNK: Both.
Cuddy : Where are you going? Nowhere.
House : I'm staying right here, so we can properly discuss this.
Wilson : He's on heroin. How can you...
Wilson : Number one, he's happy, which means he's high.
Wilson : Number two, when he moved his bad leg, he didn't use his hands to support it.