Wilson : Whatever he's taking, it's stronger than Vicodin.
Cuddy : What are we gonna do?
Thirteen : You really think House took too many Vicodin?
UNK: Guy pops them like candy. I'm surprised it hasn't happened before.
UNK: Do you miss sleeping with women?
Thirteen : Excuse me?
Foreman : Simple question.
Thirteen : Yes. It's a simple answer.
Foreman : I'll check under the bed.
Thirteen : I also miss sleeping with other men,
Thirteen : and I'm sure you miss sleeping with other women.
Thirteen : Monogamy is like saying you're never going to have
Thirteen : any other ice cream flavor besides Rocky Road.
UNK: So, you're saying if you don't have pink bubblegum for a while,
Foreman : that one day you're gonna chase down the ice cream truck?
Thirteen : No, Rocky Road is great.
Thirteen : It's a very delicious and complicated flavor.
Thirteen : I also know that if I have other flavors,
Thirteen : then Rocky Road is gonna be left in the freezer where anyone can just dip in.
Thirteen : Can we please drop the metaphor?
Thirteen : Why is this coming up now?
Foreman : Kutner said the silver lining of our break-up was I wouldn't be dumped for a girl.
Foreman : There's nothing in here, either.
UNK: Seems like you're wrong about this kid having drug or alcohol...
Thirteen : When did he bring that up?
Foreman : Earlier today, right before...
Thirteen : This morning, Taub called you a robot.
UNK: Hmm.
Foreman : Either it's a big coincidence
UNK: or they're jerking us around, they know.
Thirteen : And if they know, House knows.
Thirteen : This is bad.
Foreman : No, this is good.
Foreman : House only has two ways to handle us still going out.
Foreman : He jerks us around or he fires us.
Foreman : He chose option A. This is good.
Thirteen : But this is bad.
Thirteen : "I stand alone, my soul and me, beneath the mask that others see"
Kutner : His chest is still rising.
Kutner : He's just screwing with me 'cause Cuddy made me baby-sit.
Thirteen : "A pain that tears and bites and will not bend
UNK: "Only when I sleep will it end."
UNK: Downer. And medically irrelevant.
Thirteen : You sure his chest is moving?
UNK: House.
Foreman : If he's faking, you think he's going to come clean because you said his name?
House : Back off. Only Thirteen gets to grab my nipples this time.
Foreman : You know, recreating the moment
Thirteen : when you made us crap our pants isn't actually all that funny.
Foreman : That is sweet that you're worried about House.
House : Unless the next stanza reads,
House : "Hoping to fry my brain to death I smoked some primo crystal meth,"
House : I'm not interested.
Thirteen : You can't deny that this kid may be suicidal.
House : We're not here to make him happy, we're here to diagnose him.
Taub : It's an infection.
Taub : Swab of the kid's water bottle turned up toxoplasmosis.
Thirteen : I'll start him on pyrimethamine.
Melanie : I had no idea he felt this way.
Joseph : Is there a therapist here that you can recommend?
Thirteen : It might help more if you talked to him.
Melanie : He's not ready.
Joseph : If telling him the truth would help him stop feeling like this.
Melanie : If I knew that it'd make him less confused,
Melanie : I'd tell him right now.
Melanie : But if she's wrong, we'd only make things worse.
Thirteen : He obviously senses he's different.
Thirteen : He's looking for answers.
Melanie : Every teenager feels different.
Melanie : He's sick. This isn't the time to spring this on him.