Thirteen : I didn't tell him anything about his genetic condition.
Melanie : I want her removed from our son's case.
Cuddy : I'm sorry for the position Dr. Hadley put you in, but I can't do that.
Cuddy : She's a valuable part of Dr. House's diagnostic team.
Cuddy : If he stays on the case, so does she.
Joseph : We have to deal with Jackson.
Joseph : These questions aren't going to go away.
Melanie : He's not ready for this.
Joseph : Let's hope you're wrong.
Cuddy : I'm sorry. I'll stay away from their son.
Cuddy : No, you won't.
Cuddy : In about 15 minutes, you're the only person that kid's gonna trust.
Cuddy : If he needs a hand to hold, make sure yours is available.
Jackson : So, what, am I a boy or a girl?
Joseph : Some of your cells are male, and some are female.
Jackson : So, basically, I'm a freak.
Joseph : No, no, buddy.
Joseph : You're just a little different.
Jackson : You've known this since I was born and you never told me?
Joseph : We didn't want you to be confused.
Jackson : So, you lied to me.
Melanie : Oh, please, sweetie, we were just trying to protect you.
UNK: Don't.
Jackson : Just leave me alone.
Jackson : Get out.
Melanie : Let's go.
Cuddy : You still breathing in there?
UNK: Because if not, I'm sending in janitorial.
House : I'm not breathing, but it's strictly voluntary.
UNK: You should've seen the guy who was in here before me.
Cuddy : I know about the methadone.
House : It's legal. I have a prescription.
Cuddy : Whatever doctor you conned into writing it
Cuddy : clearly had no idea about your addiction issues, your lack of...
House : He knows I'm in pain. What I put in my body is my business.
UNK: If you keep taking this, you could die.
UNK: If he'd said that if I keep doing this, you could die,
House : then it'd be your business.
Cuddy : I can't sit by and watch you kill yourself.
Cuddy : As long as you're in my hospital, you can't do methadone.
House : I'll send someone for my stuff.
Cuddy : That's it? You're quitting?
Cuddy : You're choosing methadone over this job?
House : I'm choosing lack of pain over this job.
Thirteen : Eventually you have to talk to your parents again.
Jackson : No, I don't.
Jackson : I have this one friend on my basketball team, Will.
Jackson : We hang out a lot. I really like him.
Jackson : Now I'm worried that I,
UNK: you know, like him.
Jackson : Maybe I'm supposed to.
Jackson : Because if I'm really a girl...
Thirteen : Do you feel like a girl?
Jackson : I like dancing more than basketball.
Jackson : Is that what that means?
UNK: Jackson,
Thirteen : as hard as it is right now, at least it's out in the open.
UNK: You don't have to hide behind a mask.
UNK: I found the poem you wrote in your room.
UNK: No matter how bad things get,
UNK: killing yourself is never the answer.
Jackson : This was an English assignment.
Thirteen : We were supposed to write a poem
Jackson : in the style of Sylvia Plath.
Thirteen : You don't feel this way?
Jackson : I'm sad sometimes.
UNK: But I don't want to die.
Jackson : At least, I didn't.
Jackson : Are these antibiotics supposed to make you nauseous?
Thirteen : Yeah, they can.