Foreman : He's fine. He's just not here.
Kutner : Did he quit? Did she suspend him?
Foreman : She didn't say. Just told me I was in charge
Foreman : until further notice.
Foreman : So, if we add bloody vomit
Foreman : to our patient's list of symptoms...
Thirteen : Surgeon reports the bleeding was caused by a gastric fistula
Thirteen : caused by necrotizing pancreatitis.
UNK: She must have told you something.
Foreman : Nothing that would help us with this patient.
Taub : Heart, liver, kidneys and pancreas.
UNK: Obviously, whatever this kid's got, it's something systemic.
UNK: Zollinger-Ellison.
Taub : Or systemic scleroderma.
UNK: Zollinger-Ellison fits better.
UNK: Why?
Kutner : Can we at least call House?
Foreman : We can, I have, he's not answering.
Foreman : Put the patient on proton pump inhibitors.
Foreman : If he gets better, it's Zollinger-Ellison. If not, it's scleroderma.
UNK: Zollinger-Ellison doesn't fit better.
Foreman : You don't want it to be scleroderma
Foreman : because that means he's going to die.
Thirteen : Patients die all the time.
Foreman : Not the ones whose families you've ruined.
Foreman : I don't think that, you do.
Foreman : It's not your fault.
Thirteen : He was no more confused than any other teenager,
Thirteen : then I started a fire and threw gas on it.
Foreman : You were trying to help.
Wilson : Hi, is House here?
UNK: He's getting dressed.
UNK: I'll be back around 10 : 00 tonight.
UNK: Go on in.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Who is she?
House : I hired her to watch me sleep,
House : make sure I don't stop breathing.
Wilson : Home nurses usually wear scrubs.
House : She's not a nurse.
Wilson : You hired a hooker to watch you sleep? That just can't...
UNK: Surprisingly, hookers are cheaper.
House : They don't sue for sexual harassment. Which one?
Wilson : You shaved!
House : The red one then.
Wilson : You have two ties?
House : Meeting at St. Sebastian's today.
UNK: I'm going to try and talk them into
House : starting up a diagnostics department.
UNK: That sounds great.
Wilson : I just came by to check up on you, see how you were doing.
House : I'm fine.
Wilson : I guess you are.
Joseph : He hasn't responded to the medication at all?
Taub : I'm afraid not.
Melanie : So, that means he's got the other thing?
Taub : I'm so sorry. We'll start him on anti-inflammatories.
Taub : If we're lucky, that will slow down the progression.
Melanie : My son has a death sentence,
Melanie : and I can't go in there and be with him because of you.
Cuddy : I'm sorry.
Melanie : You find a homework assignment and decide he's suicidal,
Melanie : make it your own personal mission.
Thirteen : I let my feelings...
Melanie : Oh, don't you dare apologize.
Melanie : Like it could absolve you
Melanie : of what you've done to me, my family.
Melanie : He was fine.
Cuddy : I understand why you're angry.
Cuddy : But this isn't where you belong right now.
Melanie : He won't let us in the room.
Cuddy : He's a teenager, you're his mother.
Cuddy : This is not the time to start listening to him.
Cuddy : Go be with him.
Joseph : Thank you.
Cuddy : I didn't do it for you.