Thirteen : Black heels or the boots?
Foreman : You know I'm a fan of those heels.
Thirteen : Boots it is.
Thirteen : For all we know, House knows you're a fan of those heels.
UNK: You think House is going to figure out
Foreman : we faked our break-up because of your shoes?
Foreman : Go with the boots.
House : You gonna eat that?
Wilson : Have at it.
Wilson : Did you just ask my permission before you took my food?
House : Yes, we can.
Cuddy : Adolescent genetic mosaic, collapsed during a basketball game,
Cuddy : presenting with persistent pelvic pain.
UNK: Fun.
Cuddy : The parents haven't told their son that he could have been their daughter.
Cuddy : They want assurance that you won't either.
House : Less fun. But still.
Cuddy : That was easy.
House : Our new patient. Part girl, part boy,
House : all Thirteen's dream date.
Foreman : Severe pelvic pain started during a basketball game. Could be dehydration.
Kutner : ER gave him fluids when he came in.
UNK: Still, if it was chronic...
Taub : We got a kid who could mate with himself, and we're thinking
Taub : he didn't have enough to drink?
Taub : There are dozens of intersex disorders.
Cuddy : Persistent pelvic pain could mean congenital adrenal hyperplasia, PMDS.
Kutner : Those conditions occur in intersex kids
Kutner : who are chromosomally XX or XY, not XX and XY.
Kutner : Parents recently started him on testosterone, maybe there's something...
Thirteen : Vitamins wouldn't cause pelvic pain.
Thirteen : There's a note in here.
Thirteen : We're supposed to refer to his testosterone shots as vitamins.
Thirteen : His parents aren't just liars.
Thirteen : They want us to be liars, too.
House : I won't do it. You guys will, though.
Taub : He's a kid. Parents don't think he's ready to deal with it.
Thirteen : My dad was the same way about me maybe having Huntington's. It's...
UNK: Well, if that was your experience,
UNK: it must surely apply in this situation.
Thirteen : Pain could be caused by a blind uterus hidden in his abdomen.
Thirteen : He needs an MRI.
UNK: Right. Boy with girl genes.
Foreman : I'm sure you're the first doctor brilliant enough to check for a uterus.
Cuddy : He could have complications from the surgeries on his penis.
Foreman : That can cause pelvic pain.
House : Way to multi-task.
House : Impress your boss and humiliate your ex.
UNK: MRI is a waste of time.
UNK: But to continue the humiliation,
House : go put a camera up his penis.
Melanie : You're Dr. House, aren't you?
Melanie : What do you think is wrong with our son?
House : These people were just coming to tell you.
House : This is better.
House : Don't have to worry about them losing their way.
Melanie : We think that he has a blind uterus. He should have an MRI.
House : Did you send them a text?
UNK: Over the past 13 years, we've educated ourselves.
House : Who needs med school when you've got Wi-Fi?
House : Go schedule their son for an MRI with contrast right away.
Joseph : Thank you. Thanks.
Kutner : You just said an MRI was a waste of time.
UNK: So is arguing with them.
UNK: Contrast's in.
Taub : Jackson, we're going to get started, so try to lie still.