UNK: Aren't you gonna get it?
UNK: No, you know what? I'm gonna get my stuff checked out first.
Marshall : I'll call my dad after Dr. Stangel gives me the thumbs up.
Ted : He has to do that?
Robin : But I thought you talk to your dad about everything.
Marshall : I only like to call my dad with good news.
Marshall : I mean, telling him good news is what makes it feel real to me.
Marshall : I'm getting married!
Marshall : - I passed the bar! - All right!
Marshall : I found an amazing Viking lamp that fits right on the coffee table,
Marshall : as long as we don't mind stepping over the cord.
Marvin : - That's what I'm talking about! - Right?!
Marshall : I found someone who can fix the Viking lamp!
Marshall : But the news that I might not be able to give him a grandchild?
Marshall : You know, like, I don't even know how to have that conversation.
Barney : I'll show you.
UNK: Dad, there's, there's something I need to tell you,
Barney : and it's going to come as a bit of a shock to you,
Barney : but here goes.
Barney : You are speaking to the 2011 Tri-County
Barney : Laser Tag Co-Champion.
Marshall : - I've already told... - And my sperm don't work.
UNK: The laser tag thing is awesome.
Ted : So, third day of work?
Robin : And the fertilizer is seeping into the ground water, causing...
Sandy : Is Scherpoopie pitching a story about manure?
Sandy : Genius.
UNK: Yes, I fell into some manure.
Robin : It's hilarious, fine.
Robin : In a five-year career of on-air reports,
Robin : there are bound to be a few embarrassing moments.
Sandy : A few?
Robin : But in my case, it was just the one,
Robin : and you found it, so...
Robin : Just the one.
Barney : Oh, God.
Ted : What did they find?
Robin : Everything.
UNK: Everybody, come and play
Robin : I'm a dirty, dirty girl.
UNK: VENTILATEUR GEANT !
Robin : The Federal Reserve Board voted to leave interest...
Robin : They even found the video of me getting attacked by an owl.
Ted : You got attacked by an owl?
Robin : I did not get attacked by an owl.
UNK: Robin, here's what you need to do...
Robin : Don't you dare tell me to steer into the skid, okay?
Robin : It's too late. I'm already wrapped around a hydro pole.
Robin : It's a Canadian telephone pole. I never should have taken this job.
UNK: Kids, at that moment,
UNK: I knew what I had to do for my friend Robin.
UNK: But first I had to do something for me.
Ted : Show me...
Ted : "owl attack."
Marshall : I am freaking out.
Marshall : Is there a chance that I can't have kids?
Marshall : I've been hit in the nuts a lot.
Stangel : We won't know anything until we run some tests.
Stangel : We'll need a sample of your sperm.
Stangel : No, there's a room at the end of the hall.
UNK: If you find yourself in the elevator, you've gone too far.
Stangel : You'd think I wouldn't have to say that, but you'd be surprised.
UNK: Man #1 : All yours, buddy.
UNK: Man #1 : The thing you're about to do in here...
UNK: Man #1 : I did that in here, too.
UNK: Man #1 : Three minutes ago.
UNK: Man #2 : I was here eight minutes ago.
UNK: Man #3 : 14 minutes ago.
UNK: Man #4 : I'm here every Thursday.
Marshall : I can't do it, Doc.
UNK: Is there another option? Could I take this home?
Stangel : Sure, you could,
UNK: but we close in an hour and I'm not back till Tuesday.
Stangel : So, clock is ticking. Make it fast.
Marshall : Only way I know how, Doc.
Marshall : Only way I know how.
Marvin : Surprise!