UNK: Now, while all this was going on,
UNK: your Aunt Robin was starting her new job at World Wide News,
UNK: aka the big leagues.
UNK: She was excited.
UNK: This job was a new start, a clean slate.
Ted : So, first day of work?
Woman : Everyone, say hello to your new research associate Robin Scherbatsky.
Robin : - Hi, guys. - Welcome.
Woman : Here comes our new Hardfire host.
Woman : Robin, this is Sandy Rivers.
UNK: Robin's old cohost and my old nemesis.
UNK: We should have sex.
Ted : - I hate that guy. - It gets worse.
Woman : Sandy, this is...
Woman : - You two know each other? - Know each other?
UNK: We've had sex.
UNK: You had sex with Sandy Rivers?
Robin : And I can't believe it's my first day,
Robin : and already I'm the girl who slept with the host of the show.
Ted : Already? Were you planning on eventually sleeping with the host?
Robin : Now that I know it's Sandy, I'm not.
Lily : There's a couple messages on the machine. Your dad called.
Lily : He wants to know if you have any sixes.
Marshall : We got a game of "Go Fish" going on the phone.
Marshall : P.S., Pops, go fish.
Marshall : Who's the second message from?
Lily : Dr. Stangel's office.
Lily : - I'm extremely fertile. - You're extremely fertile! My God!
Marshall : I told you there was nothing to worry about.
UNK: I gotta call my dad and tell him the good news.
Marshall : If you're fertile,
Marshall : then that means I'm the problem.
Lily : Okay, now you're being ridiculous.
Lily : An hour ago, you didn't even think there was a problem.
UNK: I was just putting on a brave face. Okay, think about it :
UNK: we've had unprotected sex
UNK: 203 times in the past four months.
UNK: Obviously I'm the problem.
Barney : Problem?!
Barney : You can't get a girl pregnant. That's the dream.
Barney : I'd give my firstborn to not be able to have children.
Ted : So, second day of work?
Lily : What's wrong?
Ted : You didn't hear? She's the office slut.
UNK: Already? Honey...
Robin : I wish I was the office slut.
Robin : And we can explore how those policy changes will affect Iraq.
UNK: We definitely had sex.
UNK: We did not have sex.
Sandy : Then why do I remember you?
Robin : I don't know, maybe because I'm a smart, talented, professional.
Sandy : No, none of those.
Sandy : I remember. We didn't have sex.
Lily : Thank you.
Sandy : You're the girl who did the report on the carriage driver
Sandy : and slipped and fell in horse poop...
UNK: We did have sex.
Sandy : I remember now.
Sandy : Do me a favor.
UNK: But this reporter takes pride in...
Robin : And now everyone calls me Scherpoopie.
Robin : It's not funny.
UNK: A word of advice : play along.
UNK: Okay, the more you fight it, the worse it's going to get.
UNK: It's like when your car slides on ice, you steer into the skid.
Barney : Exactly! Or when your... I don't know...
Barney : friend invites you to a laser tag tournament, you don't fight it.
Barney : You just strap on the vinyl holster and race into that abandoned JCPenney
Barney : guns a-blazin'.
Barney : I'm just agreeing with Ted.
Marshall : It's my dad.