Marshall : Wait, you knew?
Judy : We didn't have a hair dryer, dear.
Ted : So?
Ted : Possibly last day of work?
Robin : Actually, it was a good day.
Sandy : And I need more numbers on how the holiday season
Sandy : impacted the economy.
Sandy : Sparkles, got anything on malls?
Robin : Actually, Sandy,
Robin : I have something I think you're all gonna want to see.
Ted : Yes! Put him in a body bag!
Robin : - I didn't do it. - What?
UNK: I didn't want to just attack someone out of the blue like some kind of...
Ted : Owl?
Barney : Exactly.
Robin : So, instead of taking your advice,
Robin : I took your advice.
UNK: That day, Robin decided to steer into the skid.
UNK: And though she never quite shook the nickname,
UNK: Sparkles went on to do very well at World Wide News.
UNK: Especially after this happened.
UNK: After his parents had gone back to Minnesota,
UNK: Marshall got the results.
Stangel : I'm afraid I have some very bad news, Marshall.
Stangel : Judging from the results of your test, it is...
Stangel : it is very unlikely that you'll be able to father a child.
Barney : - Oh, God. - I know, I know.
Marshall : It's just...
Marshall : Now...
Stangel : in some rare cases,
Stangel : a regimen change can fix the problem,
Stangel : so I'm recommending a spirited cardio routine.
Stangel : Preferably with a partner,
Stangel : involving any light-based firearm activity
Stangel : in the Tri-State area.
Stangel : Poughkeepsie, for example.
Stangel : Have you heard of the gentlemen's sport known as laser tag?
Marvin : Surprise!
Marshall : Damn it, Barney!
Marshall : What are you doing in here?
Barney : Think about it, Marshall. All entrants get 20% off at the snack bar!
Barney : BT-dub, the receptionist. What's her situation?
Stangel : Go!
Stangel : Well, Marshall. I've got your results.
Marshall : And?
Stangel : Your sperm is fine.
Marshall : My sperm is fine!
Stangel : Count, motility...
Stangel : everything's off the charts.
Stangel : You, sir, have got some strong swimmers.
Barney : Bro, that is awesome. Motility five!
Marshall : Can I borrow your phone? I want to call my dad.
Ted : Go ahead.
Marshall : Man, this is great.
Marshall : I was expecting bad news.
Marshall : I really was.
Marshall : You're here!
Marshall : Oh, my God!
Marshall : I love you so much! Can you believe it?
Lily : Something's happened.
Lily : Your father, he had a heart attack.
Lily : He didn't make it.
Marshall : My dad's dead?
Marshall : I'm not ready for this.