UNK: the man who knew more about human reproduction than anyone in New York.
Stangel : So, I understand you want to get pregnant.
UNK: 6x13 - Bad News 1.00 . : : www.sous-titres.eu : : .
Barney : Yeah, and it cuts in and out.
Lily : How did you do it?
Barney : God, you found one of the cameras.
Barney : I swear that's the only one. Wait, which one did you find?
Lily : - What are you talking about? - What are you talking about?
Lily : My visit to a certain Dr. Stangel.
UNK: We'll look at all the factors that contribute to fertility :
UNK: dietary, environmental, genetic.
UNK: But first, Ms. Aldrin,
UNK: do you have any questions for me?
Lily : Just one, "Dr. Stangel."
Lily : Where'd you get the beard?
Lily : Well...
Strangel : My mother's Armenian.
UNK: I've been with Barney since 9 : 00 a.m.
UNK: Between the sexual harassment seminar all morning
UNK: and the secretary beauty pageant all afternoon,
UNK: he hasn't left my sight.
Lily : So you weren't wearing a fake beard and examining girl parts all day?
Barney : Not today I wasn't.
Ted : We finally found Barney's doppelganger. I guess we can tell you now, Lily.
Ted : That hot dog guy did not look like Barney.
Marshall : I know, we made our little deal with the universe...
Lily : No, we've made a binding covenant with the universe.
Lily : We said we weren't gonna try to have kids
Lily : until we saw Barney's doppelganger.
Lily : This is bad news.
Lily : This is like a black cat walked through my uterus.
Lily : Okay, that's it.
Lily : I am going back to Dr. Stangel and getting thoroughly checked out.
UNK: Or cost-saving alternative :
UNK: you could get checked out by someone who looks just like him.
UNK: I'm gonna go scrub up, I'll meet you in stall 3.
Lily : - I still kind of think it's Barney. - There's no way it's Barney.
Stangel : Hello, you must be Mr. Eriksen. I am Dr. Stangel.
Lily : It's Barney.
Marshall : Really, dude, bravo.
Marshall : You almost got a peek.
Marshall : But seriously,
Marshall : what second-rate community theater did you get...?
Stangel : Would you...?
Marshall : So my wife and I are trying to get pregnant.
Stangel : Put your feet up in the stirrups. We can begin.
Lily : - No, can't do it. - No, but, baby,
Marshall : I yanked on his beard. He checks out.
UNK: I don't have time for this.
Marshall : Wait, please... It's...
Marshall : Can you just give us a couple minutes?
Marshall : How can I convince you that this is not Barney?
Barney : It is like looking into a poorly dressed mirror.
Stangel : Okay, you have to go.
UNK: Leave the model of the vagina.
Lily : Convinced.
Stangel : Great. All right, you're a little low on the table.
Stangel : - Please scoot up. - "Suit up"... not convinced.
Lily : This whole thing stinks to high heaven.
Marshall : Baby, you just saw Barney.
Lily : He could have pulled some crazy switch.
Lily : Remember when his Swedish cousin came to visit?
Marshall : Yeah... Bjorney.
Lily : I'm sorry, but unless I see Barney at the same time,
Lily : I'll never be sure that Dr. Stangel isn't him.
UNK: How you doing?!
Barney : Should I have a boner?!
Strangel : We're all done. I'll call you in a few days with the results.
Barney : You don't mind if I take pictures, do you?!
Lily : Can we leave him in here for a while?
Strangel : I'm done for the day. You can leave him in here all night.
Barney : Smile for the birdie, Lil!
Barney : Gyno-mite!