UNK: Javier Esposito : You sure this is where she said she was going?
UNK: Yeah, yeah, 9th and Jane.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Tory said she still can't get a trace on Beckett's phone.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Says it's either been turned off or disabled.
Castle : There. There's her car.
Castle : They want us to know they have her.
UNK: Damn it. All right, let's get CSU down here.
UNK: Call in a 10-45.
Esposito : I want every available unit canvassing. Ask everyone questions.
UNK: Somebody had to have seen her.
UNK: Okay, we're gonna dig into all security and traffic cams in the area.
UNK: Any ATMs, businesses, anything with eyes on the street! Go, go, go!
UNK: Castle!
Castle : It's him. Boudreau, Tyson,
Castle : whatever he's calling himself, it's him and it's Nieman.
Ryan : But they were in the precinct with us.
Castle : Giving them the perfect alibi.
Castle : Meanwhile, they use Amy Barrett as bait to draw Beckett out.
Ryan : You think Barrett was involved in this?
Esposito : Or she's a victim too.
Castle : We need to find Nieman and we need to find Boudreau.
UNK: Mr. Boudreau, open up!
Ryan : Mr. Boudreau, shortly after leaving to meet with your friend, Amy Barrett,
Ryan : one of our detectives went missing.
UNK: So?
Castle : So, where is she?
Tyson : I don't know. I've been in police custody until an hour ago.
Castle : Giving you the perfect alibi.
UNK: Maybe I have an alibi because I didn't do anything wrong.
UNK: Then why don't you let us in?
UNK: Fine.
Castle : Beckett? Beckett?
Tyson : Come on, man. Nobody's here. It's just me.
UNK: - What'd you do to her, Tyson? - Where are you keeping her?
Tyson : I'm not keeping her anywhere, and I'm not Jerry Tyson.
Tyson : No, no! Come on! No, you can't do this!
Tyson : You can't just come in here threatening me!
Castle : I know it's you! I know it's you.
Ryan : You're not helping her. Not like that.
Castle : So what? We just let him kill her?
Ryan : No. But Castle, we can't do anything if we don't have anything.
Castle : It's him, Kevin. It's Tyson.
Ryan : We need to prove it.
Ryan : We'll put units on him, put him under the microscope.
Ryan : If it's him, he won't be able to make a move without us knowing it.
Ryan : We'll find her.
UNK: Okay. Look all you want, Detective Esposito.
UNK: Kelly Nieman : She's not here, and I have no idea where she is.
Esposito : What about your client, Amy Barrett?
Nieman : My office gave you our information on Amy Barrett.
Nieman : I can't help it if her contact information is out of date.
UNK: Yeah, I bet you can't.
Esposito : Just like you have nothing to do with Detective Beckett's disappearance.
Nieman : You seem to think that I'm something that I'm not.
Nieman : And how could I be involved? I was with you at the time.
Ryan : I've got a unit on Boudreau's place,
UNK: and a follow car standing by.
UNK: Espo, put units on Nieman as well. Copy that.
UNK: Anything on the canvass?
Gates : We've pulled officers from the 3rd and 8th precincts to help.
Gates : If there's a witness out there, we'll find them.
UNK: How about video?
UNK: Tory Ellis : The immediate area where you found her car
UNK: Tory Ellis : didn't have any street cam or security coverage.
Esposito : Making it the perfect place for an abduction.
Tory : I have teams from four precincts pulling all video in a 10-block radius
Tory : from where Beckett was taken. It's a long shot, but...
Castle : What about Amy Barrett?
Castle : The phone call she made to Beckett, can we trace that?
Tory : We did, to a cell phone. It's no longer active.
Esposito : We've got Amy's picture out to every cop and every transit worker in the city.
UNK: Amy's not gonna be in public, not if she's working with Tyson.
Gates : And we're assuming Boudreau is Tyson.
Gates : But what if Mike Boudreau is really Mike Boudreau?
Gates : What if Nieman actually cut him to look like Tyson
Gates : just to give us someone to chase?
Gates : What if the real Jerry Tyson is still out there?
Castle : No. He's just messing with our heads.
Gates : Boudreau is Tyson.
UNK: It doesn't make any sense. Why would he let himself get arrested?
Gates : Why would he risk returning to his apartment?
Castle : It's part of the thrill.
Castle : To be here among us, within our grasp.