Castle : He wants to see how close he can get to the flame.
Castle : That's what excites him.
Castle : It's not just the murder he likes. It's the game.
Castle : We had him, and we let our guard down.
Castle : That was his plan.
UNK: Hello?
UNK: Castle, can you hear me?
UNK: Beckett!
Beckett : Please, Castle, I need your help.
Castle : Where are you?
Beckett : Oh, God. Castle, please, you have to help me.
Beckett : Castle, help me!
Tory : What was the number?
UNK: 212-555-0147.
Ryan : - How long to trace? - Don't know.
Castle : It sounded like she was struggling. She was trying
Castle : to get away from someone. She could still be there.
Tory : It's a pay phone. Operated by Centi-Com.
UNK: Where? Tracing it now.
Castle : Come on, come on.
Tory : Got it.
Tory : Upper West Side, parking lot, by the West Side Highway.
Esposito : Fan out. Secure the area.
Esposito : There's something here.
UNK: You got it? Yeah.
UNK: Careful. Easy. It might be rigged.
UNK: Okay.
Esposito : It's a voice recorder.
UNK: Castle, can you hear me?
Beckett : Please, Castle, I need your help.
Beckett : Oh, God. Castle, please, you have to help me.
Beckett : Castle, help me!
Castle : She was never here.
Ryan : He's playing us.
Esposito : He's probably watching us right now. I need a chopper!
Esposito : I need search teams on every roof. Let's go!
Ryan : I don't understand. If this is a recording,
Ryan : when did they get her to say this?
Tory : They didn't. The recording was manufactured,
Tory : digitally spliced from what appear to be several different sources.
Castle : What sources?
Tory : This, for one.
Tory : It's an interview Beckett gave to the local news
Tory : just after you disappeared.
UNK: Please. If you have any information,
UNK: or know anything about the disappearance of Richard Castle,
Beckett : I need your help.
Tory : And here's the recording.
UNK: Castle, can you hear me?
Beckett : Please, Castle, I need your help.
Tory : Given the background noise on some of these other words,
Tory : I'm guessing parts of this were recorded in public,
Tory : using a parabolic mic on the street,
Tory : maybe even at crime scenes.
Ryan : Then this was planned. They've been preparing this for months.
Tory : Looks that way.
Ryan : This was about Beckett.
Castle : No. That interview, that was meant as a...
UNK: It's a message to me. He wants me to suffer.
UNK: Why?
Gates : Why is Tyson fixated on you?
Gates : If he's directing this at you, he may try to communicate.
UNK: We should put a tap and a trace on all your phones.
Tory : I'll set it up.
Castle : Captain, he's already communicating.
Castle : He's out there, sitting in Boudreau's apartment,
Castle : and he knows where she is.
Gates : And we can't touch him until we have proof.
Castle : By then she'll be dead!
Castle : Please, Captain. This is... She's my wife.
Gates : Mr. Castle, I know you're hurting, we all are.
Gates : But we have to keep our wits about us.
Gates : We have to work the evidence. It's the only way we can get her back.
UNK: Captain, the canvass at the abduction site found a witness
Esposito : who said that she saw someone matching Beckett's description.
Esposito : Said she was in a wheelchair being pushed towards a red van,
Esposito : and, uh, witness also said she appeared unconscious.
UNK: She must've been drugged.
Gates : Did they see who was with her?
UNK: No. The person pushing the wheelchair was wearing a hoodie.
Castle : What about a license plate?
UNK: No.
Gates : But that's a start.
Gates : Get teams scrubbing all street cam footage from blocks nearby.