Tyson : Get her ready.
UNK: And wait for my call.
Nieman : It'll all be over soon.
Nieman : But I've so enjoyed our time together.
Tyson : Take a seat.
Castle : Please, you have me now, but just let her go.
Tyson : Oh, no, no, no. I can't.
Tyson : She's part of the plan.
UNK: Yeah. It's why I brought you here.
Castle : Brought me?
Castle : You know, what I love about human beings
Tyson : is they're so predictable.
Tyson : They're like mice. You can get them to do anything.
Tyson : All you have to do is put a little cheese at the end of the maze,
UNK: and know exactly when to shock 'em.
Castle : You knew I was coming?
Tyson : Dangling Boudreau in front of you,
Tyson : watching Beckett die before your eyes.
Tyson : Once I had the cops chasing their tails,
UNK: I knew it'll only be a matter of time
Tyson : before you did something on your own.
Tyson : Visiting my old cellie was a...
UNK: Well, that was a natural choice.
Castle : This was a set-up.
Tyson : What better way to get you here alone
Tyson : than to make you think it was your idea?
UNK: Why?
Castle : Why are you doing this to me?
UNK: Because I wanna see your face.
UNK: That's why I lured you here.
Tyson : So I could see your face while you watched her die.
UNK: No.
Castle : No, that's not it.
UNK: Oh?
Castle : This isn't about me, is it?
Castle : It's about so much more than that.
Castle : This is about you.
Castle : Your inadequacy.
Castle : All the games, all the manipulation.
Castle : After I screwed up your plans,
Castle : you needed to prove you were smarter than me.
Castle : You needed to know you could control me.
UNK: Mmm.
Tyson : Well, you're here.
Castle : You know, I've written characters like you.
Castle : Cunning psychopaths so narcissistic they believe they can't be caught.
Castle : Because they're smarter than everyone,
Castle : and they need to prove it.
UNK: Well, that's your story, Jerry,
Castle : why you did everything.
Castle : You needed to prove it.
Castle : So I let you.
Tyson : What do you mean?
Castle : I let you bring me here.
Castle : It was the only way to find you.
Castle : I needed to find you so I could find her.
Castle : But the truth, Jerry...
UNK: We're not gonna find her. Not like this.
Castle : Not by chasing him, not by playing his game.
Castle : We need to take the game to him.
UNK: Put this deep in your ear, all right? All the way in.
Castle : The truth is,
Tyson : I lured you here.
Castle : To watch you die.
Castle : Are we clear?
Tyson : Clear about what?
Castle : Then take the shot.
Esposito : Ryan, he's down.
Ryan : You have her location?
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Here.
Castle : This is the last number he called. Beckett's with Nieman.
Ryan : I need an emergency trace on the following number.
UNK: 718...
Nieman : Something's wrong.
UNK: He should've called by now.
Nieman : I'm afraid it's time, Detective.