Gates : due to facial similarities between her and Detective Beckett.
Gates : Given the nature of these murders...
UNK: We're not gonna find her. Not like this.
Castle : Not by chasing him, not by playing his game.
Castle : We need to take the game to him.
Gates : I know you.
UNK: Marcus Gates : You're the writer.
UNK: Marcus Gates : You and your cop friend put me in here.
Castle : For murders that your cellmate Jerry Tyson convinced you to commit,
Castle : so the world would think you were 3XK
UNK: and he would get away scot-free.
UNK: Marcus Gates : Why are you here?
Castle : You shared a cell with him for four years.
UNK: Marcus Gates : Time I'd rather forget.
UNK: Why?
UNK: Marcus Gates : You look at him, you think, "He's so weak.
UNK: "There's nothing to him."
UNK: Marcus Gates : But the guy, he knew how to get in your head.
UNK: He knew how to make you do things you never thought you're capable of.
Castle : Like killing for him?
UNK: Marcus Gates : Let's just say I slept a lot better once I knew he was dead.
UNK: Kelly Nieman : He's not.
Castle : Just another way for him to disappear so he could make his plans.
Castle : He's alive?
Castle : And he has my wife.
Castle : You shared a cell with him for four years.
Castle : No one knows him better than you.
Castle : In all that time, did he ever mention a place,
Castle : somewhere in the city, a place he would go to feel safe?
UNK: Marcus Gates : You need my help.
Castle : Yes, I need your help.
UNK: Marcus Gates : You put me in here.
Castle : He put you in here.
Castle : He got you to do those things. He got inside your head.
Castle : Controlled you like a puppet.
Castle : You'd done your time, but he needed you to get caught.
Castle : You sacrificed yourself,
UNK: and I bet not a night goes by
Castle : you don't see his face and wonder, "How did he do that?
UNK: "How did he get me to throw my life away?"
UNK: Marcus Gates : There was some place he talked about. A place he liked to go.
UNK: Where?
UNK: Marcus Gates : What's in it for me?
Castle : What do you want? Out.
Castle : You know I don't have the authority...
UNK: Marcus Gates : I'm sure, with all your connections, you can find someone who does.
Castle : They'll never go for it.
UNK: Not gonna release a murderer. They'll let her die first.
UNK: It's not my problem.
UNK: Please.
Caste : Something else. Money for your family.
Caste : Give me something I can give you.
UNK: Marcus Gates : I don't have a family, Mr. Castle.
UNK: Marcus Gates : And I am stuck in here for life without the possibility of parole.
UNK: Marcus Gates : So what the hell do you think you could give me
UNK: Marcus Gates : that will be worth a damn?
UNK: Revenge.
Castle : He's out there walking around, and you're in here.
UNK: Don't you wanna settle the score?
UNK: Fine.
UNK: Guess I just didn't think, after all these years,
Castle : you'd still let him control you.
UNK: Marcus Gates : What kind of revenge?
UNK: Marcus Gates : There was a place he talked about.
UNK: A house in the woods.
UNK: Where?
UNK: Marcus Gates : A little ways up the Hudson, owned by a family friend.
UNK: Marcus Gates : When he was a kid, he'd go there in the summers,
UNK: Marcus Gates : when things got too intense with his mother.
UNK: Hello, are your archives digitized?
Castle : I was wondering if you could email me a set of the building plans
Castle : for the following address.
UNK: Marcus Gates : You know you can't save her.
UNK: Marcus Gates : When he sees the cops coming,
UNK: Marcus Gates : and trust me, he will see the cops coming,
UNK: Marcus Gates : he won't bargain, he won't be reasoned with. He will just
Castle : kill her.
Castle : It won't be the cops.
Castle : It'll be me.