Monica : Well, he did this bit. You probably had to be there...
UNK: ...but it was Liza Minnelli locked in our freezer eating a raw chicken.
Chandler : -Were you there? -No, but it sounds fricken funny.
UNK: l really understand how hard it's gotta be to leave your child with another person.
UNK: l mean, it's like leaving behind a piece of your heart.
Rachel : Sandy, that's exactly what it is.
Ross : Are you gay?
UNK: l'm sorry, that's our Ross. He's just Mr. Shoot Straight From The Hip.
UNK: lt's okay. l get that a lot doing what l do.
UNK: But l am straight. l'm engaged, actually.
UNK: -Her name's Delia. -That's pretty.
Ross : So you're just, like, a guy who's a nanny.
UNK: l realize how it's a bit unorthodox for some people.
UNK: But l really believe the most satisfying thing you can do with your life...
UNK: ...is take care of a child.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Like at my last job.
UNK: l met Daniel when he was 3 weeks old.
UNK: And l got to watch him grow into this awesome person.
UNK: When l left, l said, ''l'll see you soon.''
UNK: And he said to me, ''Skadandy?''
UNK: That was his name for me.
UNK: ''l'll see you every day right in....''
UNK: -lt's okay. -Yeah, kids say all kinds of crap.
UNK: Oh, God, she must need her diaper changed.
UNK: -l can take care of that, if you want. -That would be great.
UNK: Just so you know, these dinosaur toys aren't really age-appropriate.
UNK: They're mine.
UNK: Also not age-appropriate.
UNK: l love him, l love him, l love him!
Ross : Come on. Rach, he's a guy!
UNK: So what? He's smart. He's qualified.
Rachel : Give me one good reason we shouldn't try him out.
Ross : Because it's weird!
UNK: Why?
UNK: Wow, l never looked at it that way.
UNK: What kind of a job is that for a man? A nanny?
UNK: l mean, it's like if a woman wanted to be--
UNK: Yes?
UNK: King?
UNK: l hope you don't mind. l used some of my homemade lotion on Emma.
UNK: lt's a mixture of calendula and honey cream. lt'll dry that rash right up.
Sandy : Plus, it keeps the hands young.
Rachel : Yes! Sandy, you're hired!
Chandler : That's great!
UNK: l'm sorry.
UNK: lt's just such an emotional thing when you're welcomed into a new family.
UNK: Oh, God. Come here.
Ross : You gotta be at least bi.
UNK: l need you to set me up for a joke.
UNK: When Monica's around, ask me about fire trucks.
UNK: l don't know, Chandler. l'm not so good with remembering lines.
Chandler : Thank God your livelihood doesn't depend on it.
UNK: l know, right?
UNK: Why are we doing this?
Chandler : Monica says that her maitre d' is the funniest guy she's ever met.