Beckett : Well, these were drawn by our victim.
Beckett : I was wondering if they suggested anything
Beckett : about his relationship with Mr. Lockerby.
UNK: Dr Holloway : I'd have to study them more to give you a diagnosis,
UNK: Dr Holloway : but these are more about the woman in the drawings than Lockerby.
Beckett : What do you mean?
UNK: Dr Holloway : He draws her as an angel, but always in the context of an act of violence.
UNK: Honestly, it looks to me like the work of someone who was once traumatized.
Castle : Ah! Childhood trauma. What'd I tell you?
Beckett : Doc Holloway, this is Richard Castle.
UNK: Dr. Holloway. Say hello to the nice psychiatrist, Feggin.
UNK: Hello.
UNK: I will arrange for someone from Social Services to come get Mr. Lockerby.
UNK: And if you want, I can have someone get him, too.
UNK: Are you gonna eat that?
Castle : Eat my own grandchild? What am I, a monster?
Beckett : Maybe that bite was catching.
Castle : It's a school health sciences project, helping de-romanticize having a family
Castle : before you're ready to take responsibility.
UNK: Alexis and Paige are going to their first senior party tonight.
UNK: So I'm babysitting, uh, egg-sitting.
Beckett : - Senior party, huh? - What?
Castle : - Beckett. - What?
UNK: we got a lead on his friend Daemon.
UNK: You're not gonna believe this. The guy is dead.
UNK: And, uh, he's a werewolf.
Castle : - Silver bullet? No, 9-millimeter.
UNK: Well, I guess he's not a real werewolf.
UNK: Nice.
Lanie : The hairs on his face and hands are synthetic, attached with spirit gum.
Lanie : It's a Halloween costume.
UNK: According to his driver's license, Daemon's real name is Jonas Westfall.
Esposito : He's a graduate student, NYU, in Forensic Anthropology.
Castle : Then that explains the bones.
Beckett : - Castle, don't touch. - I know.
Ryan : Canvassed the building.
UNK: A neighbor remembers hearing something the other day,
Ryan : - but thought it was a car backfiring. - The other day?
Lanie : Based on deterioration and lividity and the smell of that old Thai food,
UNK: wolf-boy was killed the same day as our vampire.
UNK: I'd say a couple hours before.
UNK: Ryan, track down the delivery guy. Find out when this was delivered
UNK: and whether anyone else was up here when he brought it.
UNK: "Come as your alter ego." October 27th at 7 : 00 p.m.
UNK: Our guy was going to this party. Same day that Crow was killed.
Lanie : I assume there's a connection. Hey.
UNK: India ink. Which means Crow's killer was in the apartment, too.
UNK: But what were they looking for?
UNK: Castle.
Castle : Morlock? He comes here, shoots Daemon,
UNK: grabs the stake, goes off and kills Crow.
Beckett : And in the struggle, the ink bottle is broken.
Lanie : Wasn't Morlock.
Lanie : This victim was killed during the day.
UNK: Morlock had porphyria. He would've burnt to a crisp.
UNK: So, if he didn't kill our werewolf...
Beckett : Then chances are he didn't kill our vampire.
Castle : Well, then how did the prints get on the stake?
Beckett : Maybe he was trying to help him. Maybe he was trying to save his friend.
Beckett : Are you sure about the time of death?
Lanie : His watch broke when he fell. It says 4 : 00, October 27th.
UNK: Well, then if it wasn't Morlock, who was it?