UNK: Someone didn't wash their hands before the stabbing.
UNK: Check out these black smudges.
Beckett : You know, have CSU run the stake. Any match on the vic's prints?
Lanie : Nothing in the system. No hits with Missing Persons. No ID.
Castle : - But he has professional veneers. Yeah, so?
UNK: I know the best fang-master in the city. Maybe he can identify him.
UNK: Fang-master?
Beckett : I hope this is for real, Castle, because if it's not,
UNK: we're shortchanging our John Doe.
UNK: Trust me. I can't believe you've never heard of this place.
UNK: I get all my costumes here. We can use this opportunity
UNK: to find you one for my Halloween party. How about slutty nurse?
UNK: Fantasize all you want, Castle. I am not trying on costumes for you.
Castle : No? Why not? You already got one?
UNK: Who says I'm even coming to your party?
UNK: Richard Castle. Change your mind?
UNK: Dr Barry Frank : I'd love to fit you with a nice set of doubles.
Castle : Official police business today, Doc.
Castle : Detective Beckett, I would like to introduce you
UNK: to Dr. Barry Frank, dental genius and fang-master extraordinaire.
UNK: Dr Frank : So, what can I do for you? The master is in.
UNK: We're investigating a homicide and our victim had some work done.
Castle : We were hoping you could help identify him.
UNK: Oh.
UNK: That's Crow. I did his veneers about, I don't know, two months ago.
UNK: Crow?
UNK: Well, people in the vampire fetish community,
Castle : they give up their mundane names.
UNK: You're not gonna find any Daves or Chucks or Megs here.
UNK: Dr Frank : He seemed like a nice kid. What happened?
Beckett : That's what we're trying to figure out.
Beckett : We were hoping you would have a legal name or a billing address.
UNK: Dr Frank : - Sure. Just let me look it up. - Thank you.
UNK: Castle, what are you doing?
UNK: Do these make me look immortal?
UNK: Do you wanna go get something pierced?
UNK: No. Do you?
UNK: Wow.
Landlady : This is Matthew's apartment.
Landlady : You'd think he'd be trouble, but Matthew was a quiet kid, shy.
Beckett : Had you heard or seen anything unusual lately?
Landlady : The vampire thing was a little weird, but my first husband
Landlady : was a Civil War re-enactor, so you tell me, which is weirder?
UNK: Oh. He was quite the artist. Yeah, but mostly comic books.
Castle : Reminds me of early Frank Miller.
Beckett : Which Frank? Epic Comic or Dark Horse years?
Castle : Oh, my God. That is the sexiest thing I ever heard you say.
Castle : I had no idea you were interested in comic books.
Beckett : Oh, Castle, the things you don't know about me could fill a book.
UNK: Hmm.
Castle : Check this out. He was developing a graphic novel.
Beckett : He's talented.
Beckett : Did Crow ever talk about his family?
Landlady : Well, he never mentioned any.
Landlady : I just figured he was pretty much on his own, a Ioner.
UNK: Looks like he went to the Barker School of Design.
UNK: There's only a partial social,
UNK: but we should be able to track down his next of kin through the school.
UNK: He ever have any friends or visitors to his apartment?
UNK: He brought a girl here once or twice. She was one of them.
Landlady : You could see them when she smiled.
Landlady : They did have a big fight the other night.
Landlady : She was screaming bloody murder.
Beckett : - What did she look like? - She had long black hair, to her tush.
Landlady : - Long black hair? - Yeah.
Beckett : - Did you get a name? - No.
Landlady : He told me that she was famous or something.
UNK: He said she had her own Web site on the Internet.
Landlady : Well, we could check his browser history.
UNK: Hmm.
Castle : You think they're real?
Castle : The fangs, I mean.
Ryan : Vampire Mistress Vixen. Her coven is called the Den of Iniquity.