UNK: I was handing out flyers with Lizzy's picture on it.
UNK: Alan Freeman : And Janice kept it together and she protected Matthew.
Beckett : Then why would you lie to us?
UNK: Alan Freeman : You told us in front of our daughter. What did you want me to do?
UNK: Alan Freeman : Tell her that everything she thought was a lie?
UNK: Alan Freeman : Rosie adored Matthew.
UNK: Alan Freeman : She'd just found out he'd died. What would you have done?
UNK: I would've told her the truth.
UNK: Alan Freeman : He was nine years old when he first drew her face.
UNK: Alan Freeman : He showed it to me, I thought I was seeing a ghost.
UNK: Alan Freeman : I figured she was still somewhere in his head from his early memories.
UNK: Alan Freeman : But we'd been living a lie for so long, it had become the truth.
UNK: So, how can I possibly tell him that Janice wasn't his mother?
UNK: Alan Freeman : That his real mother ran away?
Lawson : Are we through here, Detective?
Beckett : Not by a long shot, Lawson. The Connecticut State Police
UNK: found a 9-millimeter handgun in your client's home,
Beckett : and I am just betting that that is the same gun
Beckett : that killed Elizabeth Dryden McGinty and Jonas Westfall.
UNK: Detective Javier Esposito : - No, I... - Don't say anything, Alan.
UNK: Oh, yeah, and there's also this.
Beckett : Your son witnessed his mother's murder.
UNK: Alan Freeman : No. That's not possible.
UNK: How... How is this possible?
UNK: Here, thank you.
UNK: Janice Freeman : Excuse me.
UNK: How much longer are you people gonna keep us waiting
UNK: without letting us know what is going on?
Beckett : We are trying to find the answers, Mrs. Freeman.
Morlock : - Spots. - What?
Castle : "Spots all over. Blood all over.
UNK: "I should've buried you then, you wicked boy."
Beckett : What are you talking about?
Castle : Morlock's crazy talk. It's just like Paige's drunk talk.
Castle : You have to translate it.
Castle : - Is Morlock still in holding? - Yeah.
UNK: cut To : Mrs. Freeman, I am so sorry this is taking so long.
UNK: But as long as you have to wait, you might as well be comfortable.
UNK: Have you seen our vending machines?
UNK: Straight through here. Right, just to the left here.
UNK: Perfect, right in there. Excellent. Straight through.
UNK: Oh! Wrong turn.
UNK: Heartless bitch! Spots murdered the Crow! Murderer! Murderer!
UNK: What a small world.
Beckett : Here you go. Thank you.
UNK: Why?
Beckett : She killed Elizabeth so that she could have you to herself.
Beckett : And then she murdered Matthew and his friend Daemon
Beckett : so that you would never find out.
Beckett : Matthew didn't know who to trust, so he asked Daemon to hide the evidence,
UNK: which ended up being smarter than he ever realized.
UNK: She knew that it was only a matter of time
Beckett : before they figured out the truth about what she had done,
UNK: so she followed Daemon to his apartment and shot him.
Beckett : She used the same gun that she used to kill your first wife.
UNK: Alan Freeman : What about my son?
UNK: He was on his way to the cemetery to, um,
UNK: lay down flowers at his mother's grave.
UNK: And when she saw the stakes in Daemon's apartment,
UNK: she figured that she could lay blame
UNK: on the people in your son's life that you already hated.
UNK: Alan Freeman : She raised him.
UNK: Alan Freeman : She was like his mother.
Beckett : He was a constant reminder of what she had done.
Beckett : And when he turned on her, she wasn't his mother anymore.
UNK: - Daddy! - Sweetie.
UNK: It's okay.
UNK: It's gonna be fine. It's okay. We're gonna be fine, sweetheart.
UNK: - I hope this doesn't destroy her. - Will for a little while.
Beckett : And then one day she'll wake up and it'll just be a part of her life.
Beckett : Who knows, maybe she'll become a writer.