UNK: He thinks he is. His name's Morgan Lockerby.
UNK: He was an original member of this coven, but something happened to him.
UNK: He lost all hold of reality. He started believing that this was real.
UNK: And now he only comes out at night and hangs out at the cemetery.
UNK: - It was just crazy. - How do we find this Lockerby?
Vixen : He's homeless, but Daemon probably knows.
UNK: Daemon have a last name?
Vixen : I don't know his real name. He was Crow's boyfriend, not mine.
Beckett : You know, what is it with these people and their dressing up like vampires,
Beckett : the covens, the drama?
UNK: Well, it's not about the costumes or the make-up.
Castle : A lot of the people who are committed to the fantasy are a little different.
Castle : They're just looking for a place to fit in.
UNK: Okay, that I get.
Beckett : It's just this whole fascination with the macabre,
Beckett : the drinking of the blood, the sharing of the blood, the having sex in coffins...
UNK: Mmm. Psychology 101.
Castle : They probably had something happen to them when they were younger.
Castle : Maybe they saw their dog get hit by a car,
UNK: attended an open-casket funeral.
Castle : The loss of a childhood friend or parent.
Castle : Some people become vampires, some people become cops.
UNK: Okay, then where did your fascination with the macabre come from?
Castle : What happened to you?
UNK: Yo, that art school registration info?
UNK: Court order from Barker came through for Matthew Freeman, aka Crow.
UNK: His family's in Connecticut. Phone number's there.
UNK: How'd it go at the club?
UNK: Morgan Lockerby. Run him and see what you can find.
Beckett : And see if you can find Crow's friend, Daemon.
Esposito : Does he have a last name?
UNK: I'm not even sure that's his real first name.
UNK: What? You guys are detectives. Detect.
UNK: Luck.
UNK: Are you okay?
Beckett : I hate this part. It's the phone call that changes everything.
Castle : I could stay, if you like.
UNK: Oh, no. Thank you. Sometimes it's easier without an audience.
UNK: Mr. And Mrs. Freeman, do you have any idea
UNK: who would try to harm your son?
UNK: Janice Freeman : No. Matthew was very private about his life.
UNK: Janice Freeman : There was little we knew about his so-called friends.
UNK: Mom.
UNK: Alan Freeman : I knew those people were dangerous.
UNK: I should've stopped him from getting involved.
UNK: Alan.
Beckett : He was registered at the Barker School of Design.
Beckett : - Did he ever attend? - No, he... He dropped out.
Beckett : And when was the last time you saw Matthew?
UNK: Janice Freeman : It's been months since we've seen Matthew.
UNK: No, it was "Crow" now.
UNK: Alan Freeman : He came home, he was dressed in black.
UNK: Alan Freeman : He had skulls tattooed on his arm, eyeliner on his eyes, fangs.
UNK: I should've gotten tougher on him.
UNK: See? He was just a normal little boy. And then he fell in love with art.
UNK: Then he got moody and he started hanging out with those people.
Beckett : When did you hear from him last?
UNK: Janice Freeman : He called a couple of days ago and he left a message.
UNK: And he sounded upset.
UNK: But we never found out why.
Esposito : Tough one. - Yeah, they're all tough.
Beckett : - So, you got anything? - Yeah, Vixen's alibi checked out.
UNK: We've been talking to Crow's coven friends
Esposito : and searching through vampire Web sites.
UNK: - So far, no Daemon. - What about Lockerby?
UNK: Morgan Lockerby, psychiatric disorder, 35, committed by the state.
Esposito : That's the good news.
Esposito : Bad news is, he escaped a few years back. Nobody's seen him since.
Beckett : - Got an address on file? - No, he's completely off grid.
Esposito : - What's your shadow doing? - I don't know.
Beckett : Last time I saw him, he was sifting through evidence
Beckett : from Crow's apartment.
Esposito : - So, are you going? - To what?
Esposito : His Halloween party.
UNK: Dr Frank : I don't know. Throws a lot of parties. You?
Esposito : Are you kidding? I'm all over that.
UNK: - What are you gonna wear? - You wanna know, you gotta show
UNK: to see what I got going on.
UNK: Hot on the case, Castle?
UNK: On the case of a good read. It's actually not bad.
UNK: Esposito found Morgan Lockerby.
UNK: You mean "Morlock."
UNK: Vixen was right.
UNK: You smell like cherries.
UNK: Hey, we got a hit on the...
UNK: Are we interrupting something?
Alexis : - No. - Yes.