Beckett : We found a wooden stake with your fingerprints all over it.
UNK: The cat creeps in to kill the bird.
Morlock : I should have buried you then, wicked boy.
Morlock : I should have buried you then.
UNK: Damn it, I didn't see him. I didn't see him. I didn't see...
Castle : I don't want to tell the public defender how to do her job,
UNK: but I'm gonna say that the insanity plea might be appropriate.
UNK: Maybe the state psychiatrist can help us make sense
UNK: out of Morlock's rantings before they take him away.
UNK: Beckett. Okay. Thanks.
UNK: That was the lab. They were calling me to tell me
UNK: that the smudge on the stake was India ink.
UNK: Morlock must've gotten some on his hands going through a dumpster.
Castle : - India ink? - Yeah. Why?
Castle : India ink, or Chinese ink, has been used since fourth century BC,
UNK: when it was called "masi."
Castle : It's water resistant, so it won't smudge when colored over.
Castle : It's also the ink used by letterers in comic books.
Castle : So, if Crow was the illustrator...
UNK: Then Crow's friend Daemon was the letterer.
Beckett : But what would the ink be doing on the stake?
Castle : What, indeed.
Beckett : - You guys, where are we on the friend? - We're working on it.
Beckett : Yeah, well, could you work a little faster?
Ryan : Hey, Castle, you wanna help?
UNK: I would love to, but I have got bigger pumpkins to carve.
Alexis : How's your Nosferatu coming?
Castle : The key to a good jack-o'-lantern is understanding negative space.
Alexis : It's not what's there, it's what's not there.
UNK: I have taught you well, grasshopper.
UNK: Ah!
UNK: What are my two pumpkin-masters carving for this year's party?
UNK: I am carving the traditional jack-o'-lantern,
Alexis : - Mr. Scary Pumpkin Face. Oh.
UNK: And I am carving Max Schreck in his role as Count Orlok.
UNK: Dad's a little vampire-obsessed because of his case.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
UNK: Or maybe it's because of the bite.
UNK: I swear you have missed your calling.
UNK: I don't even know why you bother to write.
Alexis : You wanna carve with us?
UNK: Can't. I'm off to a masquerade ball. Perhaps I'll meet my Gatsby.
Castle : - Oh! - Whoa!
Castle : Mother, I'm impressed. You still fit into your prom dress.
Martha : Thank you, darling.
Martha : - Have you asked him yet? - I was waiting for the right moment.
UNK: Oh.
Castle : Ask me what?
Alexis : Paige and I got invited to a party tomorrow,
Alexis : the night before Halloween, by seniors.
Castle : By your grandmother's friends?
UNK: No, Dad, 12th graders. But it'll be supervised.
Castle : This is one of those crossroads moments, isn't it?
Martha : Oh, let her go. She's far more responsible than you ever were.
Castle : Yes, you can go.
Castle : But if anything happens that makes you feel uncomfortable, anything at all,
Castle : you call me, I don't care what it is.
Castle : And there'll be no punishments, no incriminations, nothing, I promise,
Castle : just so long as you call.
UNK: Yeah, yeah, I will, I promise, but nothing's gonna happen.
UNK: - But there's one more thing, though. - Yes?
UNK: - Will you watch Feggin? - Why, is he gonna hatch?
UNK: No, our health teacher says we can't leave him alone.
Alexis : That's considered egg abuse.
Alexis : And since Paige and I are co-parenting and we're both going to the party,
Alexis : and her parents are going out, we need a sitter.
Martha : Oh. No, sorry. Plans.
UNK: Yeah, okay, sure, I'll watch your little egg child.
UNK: But I want you to know I'm far too young to be a grandparent.
UNK: And if any of those senior boys bother you,
UNK: Father won't be quite himself.
UNK: He mumbles, he shouts, he throws himself against the bars,
UNK: but there's just something about it.
UNK: Although someone like Mr. Lockerby
UNK: Dr Holloway : will present as completely non compos mentis,
UNK: he could still have moments of lucidity.
UNK: Dr Holloway : The difficulty is separating the fantasy from the reality.