Castle : Or a cop.
Beckett : You know, you still haven't told me
Beckett : where your fascination with murder came from.
Castle : I was five years old. We were summering in the Hamptons.
Castle : I was pretty much left to my own devices.
Castle : This one day, I was walking on the beach.
Castle : I was miles from where I'd started. I was just about to turn back
Castle : when I saw something had washed up on the beach.
UNK: I thought maybe it's a whale or a turtle or a sea lion,
Castle : so I ran over to see what it was.
Beckett : What was it?
Castle : It was a boy, my age. He was our housekeeper's son.
Castle : It must have just happened,
Castle : 'cause the tide hadn't washed away the blood.
UNK: We had just played hide-and-go-seek the day before.
Beckett : What happened to him?
Castle : They never found out.
UNK: I'm so sorry, Castle.
Beckett : - You made that up? - It's what I do!
Beckett : You know what? You are so getting it for that one.
UNK: The party is at 9 : 00. I cannot wait to see what you're wearing.
UNK: Hey, you... You're not in your costume.
UNK: I'm gonna stay upstairs. Not really in a party mood.
Castle : What's wrong?
Alexis : Paige was so angry with me, she sabotaged our science project.
Alexis : She killed Feggin. She said it was an accident,
Alexis : but I know she did it on purpose to get back at me.
Castle : Oh, that is so wrong on so many levels.
Alexis : How could she take care of him the way we did, and then just destroy him?
UNK: I don't know. I think that's... That's one reason why I write about it.
Castle : The way some people behave just bewilders me.
UNK: I'll tell you this, though.
Castle : There is nothing you could do that would stop me
Castle : from protecting you or supporting you.
UNK: Even if I get a D in Science?
UNK: Even if you get an F.
UNK: Now, go get changed.
UNK: The goblins and ghouls shall be arriving soon.
UNK: You got a spider on you.
Castle : Careful. That is a potion of my own concoction.
Castle : Drink it, and who knows who or what you might become.
Castle : Also, you might wonder what happened to your pants.
UNK: Ooh. Sounds like my kind of party.
UNK: You throw a great shindig for a 19th-century poet, Mr. Poe.
UNK: Well, I've always told him, "Darling, if you're gonna do something,
UNK: "do it big or don't do it at all."
UNK: Is that why you chose that hat?
Ryan : Hey, Castle.
UNK: - You looking for Beckett? - No. Why?
Ryan : She said she wasn't sure she'd make it.
Ryan : She had some paperwork to finish up, but it's still early.
UNK: Hey, Poe, looking for me?
Beckett : - You're you. - You sound so disappointed, Castle.
Castle : I said costumes are mandatory.
Castle : I mean, dress up. You know? Be a little scary.
UNK: Yeah, well, I was going for sexy.
Beckett : Now we're even.
UNK: I'm giving you the bird.