Beckett : Do you know if your son experienced anything traumatic
Beckett : - when he was younger? - What do you mean?
Beckett : I showed some of Matthew's drawings to one of our therapists,
UNK: and he said that it looked like he might have witnessed something disturbing,
Beckett : seen something very violent.
UNK: Janice Freeman : I really can't think of anything.
Beckett : Do you have any of Matthew's earlier drawings of this woman?
UNK: Alan Freeman : - No. He took it all with him when he left. - Yeah.
UNK: Rosie Freeman : You might want to check the portfolio with his application for Barker.
UNK: Rosie Freeman : All the work he cared about, he put in there.
Beckett : Thank you, Rosie. We'll look into it.
Esposito : - What, no Castle? - No. He had a late night. What's up?
Esposito : I was talking to the Pennsylvania State Police
Esposito : about our victim's mystery woman,
UNK: and they said I was the second person to call in the last two weeks
UNK: Dr Holloway : about the woman they found in the woods.
Beckett : Did they tell you who else called?
Esposito : - Jonas Westfall. - Daemon.
Esposito : Yep, our werewolf. And their forensics expert determined
UNK: that the woman died 18 years ago from a gunshot wound to the chest
UNK: from a 9-millimeter handgun, same as Daemon.
Esposito : So, I thought, what the hell, compare the ballistics.
Esposito : The bullets are a match.
Beckett : Two murders, that many years apart.
Beckett : Anything on the mystery woman?
UNK: Mmm-mmm. Still haven't ID'd her.
Beckett : You know, Crow would have been two years old when that woman was killed.
Beckett : Do you remember anything from when you were that young?
UNK: Beckett.
Beckett : - Crow's portfolio? - Yeah.
UNK: And there's something you gotta see.
UNK: Look familiar?
UNK: It's the same tree. Just like where the body was found.
UNK: You don't draw something with that precision from a dream.
UNK: He's remembering it.
UNK: Crow witnessed that woman's murder when he was two years old.
UNK: He had to have been with someone,
UNK: a sitter or a family member. Or maybe even the killer.
UNK: Run a background check on the Freemans.
UNK: Find out where they were living 18 years ago.
Esposito : You got it.
UNK: Hey, Castle. Alexis okay?
UNK: She's a... She's a smart kid.
Castle : You took care of Feggin.
UNK: Yeah, well, he was easy.
UNK: He didn't even fuss when I put him to bed.
UNK: Yo. Ready for more tales of the weird and strangely odd?
UNK: We looked into the Freeman family history.
UNK: Freeman is Janice's maiden name.
UNK: When she and Alan got married, Alan took her name, so did Matthew.
Castle : Well, he's either a feminist or he's hiding something.
Beckett : What's Alan's original last name?
Ryan : McGinty. And I think he was hiding something.
Ryan : Alan's first wife, Elizabeth McGinty,
Ryan : went missing from Summit, New Jersey, 18 years ago.
Ryan : She was never found.
Beckett : Alan lied to us. He knew exactly who his son was drawing.
Beckett : He was drawing his real mother.
Esposito : And Summit's only a couple of hours from where the body was found.
UNK: "Elizabeth McGinty, maiden name, Dryden."
UNK: Dryden?
Castle : - Elizabeth Dryden! - What?
Castle : Question mark.
Castle : Remember what I told you about gravestones telling stories?
Beckett : Crow came here for a reason.
UNK: The cemetery management said that the family held a memorial service
Esposito : for their daughter about five years after she went missing.
UNK: Daemon must've looked at hundreds
Beckett : of reconstructed faces researching his thesis.
Beckett : I can't imagine the shock when he recognized one
Beckett : as the woman from Crow's drawings.
UNK: And Crow must've realized his family had been lying to him all these years.
UNK: Huh. Fresh flowers on her grave.
Castle : Crow brought his father here to confront him with his mother's grave.
UNK: All of these years, you knew your son was drawing his mother,
UNK: - and you never said anything. - I was protecting my family.
Beckett : You were protecting yourself. You're a cold-blooded killer.
Beckett : You killed your wife, and then you reported her missing.
UNK: And then, 18 years later, when your son found out, you killed him as well.
UNK: You don't have to respond to that, Alan.
UNK: No, no. No, no, no, no. She's accusing me of killing my son.
UNK: Alan Freeman : Yes, I lied to Matthew, but I did it to protect him.
UNK: Alan Freeman : I thought he was too young to understand.
Beckett : You were a suspect.
UNK: Alan Freeman : Of course I was a suspect. I was her husband.
UNK: Alan Freeman : There wasn't any evidence that tied me to her disappearance,
UNK: Alan Freeman : 'cause I had nothing to do with it.
UNK: Alan Freeman : When Janice and I got married, it was like a chance.
UNK: Alan Freeman : A chance at a fresh start.
UNK: And so, as soon as you were legally able, you married your nanny.
UNK: Alan Freeman : Janice was there for us during a very dark time in our lives.
UNK: Alan Freeman : We had press on the lawn. There were days without sleep.