UNK: Alexis Castle : - Hey. - Hey.
UNK: I was... I was just trying on my Halloween costume.
Alexis : - What exactly are you supposed to be? - Space cowboy.
Alexis : Okay. A, there are no cows in space. B, didn't you wear that, like,
Alexis : - five years ago? - So?
Alexis : So, don't you think you should move on?
Castle : I like it. What are you doing up so late, anyway?
Castle : Have you decided what you're gonna dress up as this year?
Castle : Perhaps Indira Gandhi? Amelia Earhart? Hermione?
UNK: I think I'm gonna skip it.
Castle : - Skip Halloween? - Well, dressing up.
Alexis : I'll still hand out candy at the door,
Alexis : but I'm too old to go trick-or-treating anymore.
UNK: You know how we feel when the big kids come. I don't wanna be that kid.
Castle : But you have to go with me. You are my candy beard.
UNK: Sorry, Dad, you're just gonna have to get another beard.
Castle : This discussion is not over.
Castle : So, have you come up with a name for your parenting project baby egg yet?
UNK: Wait! Let me guess. Zac Eggfron? No, Egg Begley Junior?
Alexis : I went Dickensian. Paige and I are calling him Feggin. Get it?
Alexis : - Feggin? - Fake baby egg.
UNK: Wouldn't that be "Fa-keg"?
Castle : Beckett, what are you doing up so late?
Castle : I just love this time of year. Crunchy leaves underfoot,
Castle : the crisp, clean air, smell of jack-o'-lanterns all aflame.
UNK: Detective Kate Beckett : Yeah, well, you wouldn't say that if you were a cop.
UNK: Halloween's one of the worst weeks of the year for us.
UNK: So, the body's already in a graveyard. Someone's trying to save some time.
Castle : I do love walking through cemeteries. I love the stories. Check out this one.
Castle : Elizabeth Dryden, December 3rd, 1962 to question mark?
Castle : If they don't even know when she died, what's buried here?
Beckett : - Are you wearing suspenders? - Oh. Yeah.
Castle : I'm trying on costumes for my annual Halloween party.
Castle : Costumes are mandatory.
UNK: What's the story, guys?
UNK: Dr Lanie Parish : Take a look. Ouch.
UNK: Are you kidding me? Is that a stake in his heart?
Castle : Looks like Buffy's visiting the Big Apple.
Beckett : Someone thought he was a vampire.
Lanie : So did he. And they're not plastic pop-ins, either.
Beckett : - Are you telling me those are real? - Or high-end veneers.
Castle : - Or he's a vampire. - No ID, no phone.
UNK: We have guys sweeping the area for anything they can find.
UNK: Detective Kevin Ryan : No witnesses, either.
Lanie : Looks like he struggled. I'm thinking he hit his head on this stone
Lanie : or someone knocked him in the head before he was stabbed.
Beckett : Who would go to the trouble of killing someone that way?
UNK: Lycans. They've been at war with the vampires
UNK: ever since Lucian was murdered in the 15th...
UNK: Again, this is just theory.
Castle : Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
Lanie : What is wrong?
Castle : If he's a vampire and you pull that out, he comes back to life.
UNK: If he does, then we can all go home early.
Beckett : Any idea as to who or what he is?
UNK: He's human, and the fangs are ceramic veneers.
UNK: But he has two fresh avulsions near the femoral artery.
Castle : Bite marks on his thigh?
UNK: And I found these on his body.
UNK: They're synthetic. Your killer was wearing a wig.
Beckett : It can't be easy to drive a stake through someone's chest.
Lanie : To break the rib cage, you'd have to pound it in with a rock.