Beckett : until we can process you for assault.
Jessup : Come on! I said I was sorry.
Castle : Wait, Buckley's mystery trip.
Castle : Were you following Buckley uptown yesterday morning?
Jessup : - Yeah, yeah, I was. - Where did he go?
Jessup : He met some Asian dude outside this real fancy apartment building.
Jessup : Then they started to argue with each other.
Jessup : You think maybe that's the guy who killed him?
Castle : Would you recognize the building if you saw it again?
Jessup : Oh, yeah. I get around.
Castle : Road trip.
Jessup : Hey, you guys mind if I take these things off?
Jessup : I'm starting to feel like a stereotype,
Jessup : riding around in the back of a police car wearing them.
Beckett : - Sure. Do you want my key? - No, I got it. Thanks.
Castle : How did you do that?
UNK: I've always been good with locks.
UNK: When I was in the joint, I was thinking,
UNK: "How can I take this and make it more productive?" you know.
UNK: So I've been applying to locksmith schools.
UNK: But, you know, they won't let me in on account that I'm a felon.
UNK: Can you believe that? Huh.
Beckett : Felon who wants to be a locksmith. What could possibly go wrong there?
Jessup : - You don't have to be mean about it. - Yeah, wow!
Jessup : To train to be a locksmith you got to listen,
Jessup : - left over right, right over left... - I think I made it tighter.
Beckett : Jessup, do you see the building?
Jessup : That's a negative.
Jessup : - Now bring it around... - Beckett.
UNK: Oh, hey, Alexis. Are you looking for your dad?
UNK: To me? Okay, what's up?
UNK: Yeah, yeah, we can meet at Sutton's around 7 : 30. Is that okay?
UNK: All right, I'll see you then.
Castle : Was that Alexis calling you? Why?
Beckett : - She needed my advice. - About what?
Beckett : I don't know. It's probably no big deal.
Castle : When you kept secrets from your father, was it not a big deal?
Beckett : You know, I'm not even going to ask.
Jessup : That's the building on the right hand side. Right there.
Jessup : - Okay. - Let's go get 'em.
Beckett : Not you. Us.
Beckett : Apartment 801? Okay. Thanks.
Beckett : So it turns out that the building's only Asian tenant is Paul Cho,
UNK: who just happens to be Buckley's ex-brother-in-law.
Castle : Maybe Buckley's bitter divorce caused enough hard feelings
Castle : that things turned violent.
UNK: Paul Cho : I don't understand. I haven't seen Jack in months.
UNK: Paul Cho : Not since he divorced my sister.
Beckett : Really? Because I have an eyewitness