Man : I have to laugh at her jokes. She's my boss.
Woman : Do you have to stare at her boobs, too?
Man : I wasn't. She had a stain.
Woman : And you were trying to memorize the shape?
Man : What? No. I swear. If I'm lying, may God strike me down...
UNK: Yeah, I want to, I just... I don't know.
Castle : Yes, I...
UNK: I can't tell him. He'll freak. He will.
Alexis : I gotta go.
Castle : - Who'll freak? - What?
Castle : - Who's gonna freak? - Oh, um...
Alexis : Someone from school. You don't know them.
Castle : - Are you sure? - Mmm-hmm.
Castle : But I thought I knew all your friends.
Alexis : Hey, I'm sorry, Dad, but I have a ton of schoolwork.
Castle : Oh. No, yeah.
Castle : Hey, uh, you know you could tell me anything, right?
UNK: Yep.
UNK: Castle.
Man : A body falls out of the sky and somehow that's my fault?
Beckett : Hey, Castle.
Beckett : I hope we didn't take you away from something important. Or someone.
Castle : Did you ever keep secrets from your dad?
Castle : - Sure. - What kind?
Beckett : Do you really want to know?
Castle : About your secrets? Absolutely. About my daughter's?
Castle : You know what, I'm sure it's nothing.
Castle : Alexis would never keep anything serious from me. I'm the cool dad.
UNK: Uh-huh.
UNK: - Sir, what are you doing here? - Victim's Jack Buckley.
Castle : Who's Jack Buckley?
Montgomery : An assistant district attorney. One of the good guys.
Montgomery : Buckley hated making deals, loved putting bad guys behind bars.
Beckett : He's the lawyer every cop wanted prosecuting their case.
Esposito : Well, looks like he didn't go down without a fight.
Ryan : Yeah, his jacket was torn.
Ryan : Found his briefcase up on the roof along with his left shoe.
Ryan : CSU is doing a full sweep.
Castle : Well, Jack's a big boy. Whoever did it must be strong.
Castle : Wait, I know what this is.
Castle : Lawyer puts criminal in jail, criminal feels wronged,
Beckett : Any idea what he was doing up there?
Esposito : No. I talked to his secretary and she said Buckley left work around 8 : 00,
Esposito : heading straight home, which is on the West Side.
Ryan : And get this, Buckley was a subway rider. He didn't own a car.
Castle : Then what's he doing in a parking garage on the East Side?
Montgomery : It's a good question.
Beckett : - Was Buckley married? - Divorced. Ex-wife lives in California.
Beckett : Reach out to his wife.
Beckett : Let's start looking into his personal life and see what we can find.
Montgomery : The mayor wants this solved quickly.
Montgomery : Nobody kills a law enforcement officer and gets away with it.
Beckett : And you have no idea
Beckett : - why he was in the garage? - No.
UNK: Scarlett Price : Here are the print-outs of Mr. Buckley's cases you wanted.
UNK: Thanks.
Castle : Check out this guy. Archibald Spinks.
Castle : Five counts of attempted murder, one count of indecent exposure.
Castle : You don't suppose he tried to kill them with his...
Castle : Yeah, that wouldn't work.
Beckett : Had Mr. Buckley ever received any threats?
Beckett : Any prosecutions that went ugly?
Nicole : Well, he didn't think he was doing his job right if he wasn't being threatened.
Nicole : But nothing recently, no.
UNK: Scarlett Price : He did seem to be upset the past few days.
Castle : - Any idea why? - No.
Nicole : You know, there was that man the police brought in.
Beckett : - What man? - It was right after lunch on Monday.
UNK: A cop brought in a tough-Iooking guy in handcuffs.
Nicole : Took him right into Mr. Buckley's office, and then waited outside.
UNK: Scarlett Price : We heard them yelling through the door,
UNK: Scarlett Price : and then the officer took him away.
Castle : - That kind of thing happen a lot? - Never.
Beckett : - Do you remember the officer's name? - Yeah. Frank... Frank... Frank Curtis.
Beckett : Curtis doesn't remember why Buckley asked him to bring the guy in,
Beckett : but he does remember his name. John Knox.
Beckett : Dozens of priors. Uniforms are bringing him in.
Castle : I'm guessing this guy isn't exactly an altar boy.
Beckett : You think? Come on, let's go.
UNK: John Knox : Can we cut to the chase?
Beckett : Two days ago, you had an argument with Buckley in his office.
Beckett : Last night, we found him dead, so you can understand our interest.
UNK: John Knox : Sure. But you're wasting your time. I didn't kill the guy.
UNK: Really?
Beckett : Because it says here that you have quite a history of trying to kill people.
Beckett : Three in the last two years. Or am I missing any?
UNK: John Knox : - I was never convicted of anything. - That's not exactly a denial.
Castle : Do you work out? You know, bench press? Dead lift?
Castle : Must take a lot of upper-body strength to throw a guy off a roof.
UNK: John Knox : - Who is this guy? - What did you and Buckley fight about?
UNK: John Knox : Look, he had it out for me
UNK: John Knox : because he put me on trial for an assault I didn't commit and he lost.
UNK: John Knox : And rather than being a man about it, he decided to rattle my cage,
UNK: John Knox : to show me who was the alpha male.
UNK: John Knox : So, yeah, it was annoying and childish, but not something you kill a guy over.
UNK: John Knox : Especially a DA.
UNK: John Knox : Now, I may be a criminal, but I'm not stupid.