UNK: I need to speak to her right away, please.
UNK: What? When? Thank you.
UNK: A man checked her out, right after I left.
Beckett : Knox. Get a unit out to Scarlett's apartment
Beckett : and get an APB out on both of them.
UNK: Scarlett? Hang on, hang on.
UNK: Scarlett.
Castle : What do we do? We have to do something.
Beckett : Ryan, get the carrier on the phone.
Jessup : Let him know that I'm about a minute away
Beckett : from getting a trace warrant on the following number,
Beckett : - 212-555-0179. - Got it.
UNK: This is Detective Kate Beckett. Badge number, 41319.
UNK: I need to talk to Judge Beall right away.
Esposito : Scarlett's phone traced to the east side of the building.
Esposito : Hotel manager said that a guy matching Knox's description
Esposito : checked in at room 4-F this morning.
Beckett : - Castle, you're staying here. - No, I'm not.
Beckett : Okay, but stay behind me.
UNK: Scarlett Price : Stop. No!
UNK: Police!
Beckett : Over there. It's Knox.
Beckett : Scarlett. Hey. Hey, hey, it's okay.
UNK: Scarlett Price : - I killed him. - It's okay. You're okay.
UNK: Scarlett Price : I killed Knox.
UNK: Scarlett Price : He heard a noise outside and when he turned to look
UNK: Scarlett Price : I grabbed his gun. He told me to give it back.
UNK: Scarlett Price : He came after me. I told him to stop, but he wouldn't.
UNK: Scarlett Price : Why wouldn't he stop?
UNK: Scarlett Price : Why wouldn't he stop?
Castle : You think she'll be okay?
UNK: Given the circumstances, I don't think the DA will press charges.
Castle : No. I mean do you think she'll be okay?
UNK: John Knox : I don't know.
Beckett : Girls in the sex industry usually come from a history of childhood dysfunction.
Beckett : - It's hard to escape that. - But it's possible, right?
Castle : - Yeah. Come on, come on.
Julian : Hold it right there! - Castle! Little help?
Castle : Yeah. Julian, it's fine, he's with me.
Jessup : You are out of control, man.
Jessup : Got good news.
Jessup : I finally found a locksmith school that's willing to admit me.
Beckett : - Really? - Yeah.
Jessup : All I need is a letter of recommendation from the police, and I am in.
Jessup : - Will you write it for me? - No.
Man : - What? - Come on, have a heart.
Beckett : He's a criminal. If I write him a letter, I'll be responsible for him.
Beckett : - I cannot watch you 24 hours a day. - Wait a minute. What did you say?
Beckett : - I would be responsible for him. - No, no, no. You can't watch him.
Castle : When did you put the surveillance car on Knox?
Beckett : - Right after we left the bar. - And they followed him all night?
UNK: Yeah. He got home around 2 : 00 a.m.
Castle : Then how could he have beaten up Scarlett?
Jessup : You guys do know that the deadbolt wasn't set on this lock
Jessup : when you guys kicked it in, right?
Man : - What? - See.
Jessup : If it would've been, this whole frame would've been destroyed.
Castle : Locking the door. That's hostage-taking 101.
Beckett : - Unless Scarlett wasn't a hostage. - She was in on it from the start.
Beckett : Buckley didn't set her up in his office out of the goodness of his heart.
Beckett : He needed somebody working there to man the call girl business.
Castle : Not realizing that he was giving Scarlett full access
Castle : to every facet of his organization.
Beckett : Knox didn't steal the client list, Scarlett gave it to him
UNK: so that the two of them could go into business together.
Castle : And when Buckley wouldn't walk away, Knox killed him.
Castle : Never thinking we'd find out about the call girl ring.
Beckett : And then, when we did, Scarlett realized that the only way
Beckett : to save herself was by giving up Knox by playing the ultimate victim.
Beckett : Making you believe that Knox beat her up
Beckett : so that we'd think she killed him out of self-defense.
Castle : - And I fell for it. - We all did.
UNK: John Knox : I didn't.
UNK: Hi, how can I make you happy today?
UNK: Yes, Candy is absolutely available. How would you like her to look?
UNK: Girl next door sounds perfect. Can you confirm your client code?