UNK: 6 : 00 a.m. At the subway by his apartment, 8 : 00 p.m. By his office.
Montgomery : Buckley lived for the job, especially after the divorce.
Montgomery : Probably trying to lose himself in the work.
Ryan : On the day he was killed, Buckley did something unusual.
Ryan : He made an extra trip up to West 77th Street before he went to work.
Ryan : - His secretary has no idea why. - See if you can find out.
Esposito : Yo, Cap, looks like somebody was following our boy Buckley.
Esposito : The doorman in his apartment said that a guy came in there two days ago
Esposito : demanding to talk to Buckley. Wouldn't take no for an answer.
Esposito : Doorman practically had to throw the guy out.
Esposito : Then, on the morning of Buckley's murder,
Esposito : the doorman swears that he saw the same guy
Esposito : hanging around outside the building.
Esposito : I snagged a photo off the video surveillance.
Montgomery : Start looking through some mug-shot books.
Beckett : - Thank you, Reverend. - Pleasure meeting you. Thanks.
Beckett : Is this for our case?
Esposito : Yeah, the guy who tried to hassle Buckley at his building.
Castle : Wait a second. I know this guy.
UNK: Right here.
UNK: Right here. His name is Norman Jessup.
UNK: Buckley got him four years ago on a bank robbery where a guard got shot.
UNK: See, I told you this file would solve this case.
Esposito : Says here, he got out two weeks ago when his conviction was overturned,
Esposito : by the appellate court on a technicality.
Beckett : That sounds like a reason for Jessup to celebrate, not to kill Buckley.
Esposito : Yeah, except Buckley already filed an Intent to Retry.
Esposito : Jessup was looking at another two years in jail if Buckley won.
Ryan : Well, that might have made Jessup a little mad.
Castle : Right, and then it's all,
Castle : "Come out, come out, wherever you are."
Ryan : Really? That's your De Niro?
Beckett : Get a current address and a list of known associates.
Beckett : I'd like to hear what Jessup has to say.
Jessup : Wait, wait! You got it all wrong.
UNK: Hey, come on. Police! Break it up!
Woman : Watch it! Take it outside.
Castle : Aren't you going to do something?
Beckett : Breaking up a bar fight is a sure way to get hit.
Beckett : Don't worry, it'll be over in a minute.
Castle : - You know, I was in a bar fight once. - Really? Who won?
UNK: Let me guess. Not you.
Beckett : You want to fight, Mr. Jessup? You can fight a murder charge.
Jessup : Hey, I'm sorry, man. I didn't mean to embarrass you
Jessup : in front of your girlfriend there.
Beckett : I'm not his girlfriend. I am a homicide detective.
Beckett : And you should be taking this a little bit more seriously.
Jessup : Hey, that guy in that bar, he started this whole thing, okay?