UNK: Scarlett Price : - Really? That's your line? - I'm old-fashioned.
UNK: Scarlett Price : I came to New York in this ancient blue Beetle.
UNK: Scarlett Price : The floor was so rusted, it literally sagged in the middle.
UNK: Scarlett Price : But I can still remember coming over the bridge,
UNK: Scarlett Price : and seeing the city right there in front of me.
UNK: Scarlett Price : I thought everything was going to be perfect.
Castle : Something tells me this story takes a turn for the worse.
UNK: Scarlett Price : The first night, somebody broke into my car
UNK: Scarlett Price : and stole all my stuff.
UNK: Scarlett Price : Then, the college friend I was going to stay with
UNK: Scarlett Price : told me her boyfriend was moving in. I had to find another place.
UNK: Oh!
UNK: Scarlett Price : But somehow I survived.
UNK: Scarlett Price : Spent a year barely eating, living in a closet.
UNK: Scarlett Price : When a friend mentioned doing this, I thought, "It couldn't be worse."
Castle : - And is it? - Mostly, no.
UNK: Scarlett Price : Thanks for listening.
Beckett : Night, Castle.
Castle : - Going to meet Alexis? - Yeah.
Castle : - Can I come? - No.
Castle : But I want to.
Beckett : Why are you so worried, Castle? I thought you were the cool dad.
Beckett : I am.
Castle : - What's the secret? - All in the breathing, dear.
Castle : No. What's Alexis' secret that she'll tell Beckett about, but not me?
UNK: John Knox : I don't know.
Martha : There are some things a woman wants to talk to another woman about.
Martha : I know. And I couldn't be prouder, but this is real life.
Martha : And obviously, Alexis looks up to Beckett,
Martha : and Beckett's smart and strong and independent.
Castle : - So are you. - That's sweet.
Martha : I'm on the wrong side of 40 for what Alexis is going through right now.
Castle : - Forty? - Deflect all you want, kiddo,
Martha : but I recognize the fear in your eyes.
Martha : You're afraid Alexis has more Rick Castle in her than you thought.
Castle : Hey, sweetie! How did your talk with Beckett go?
Alexis : - Fine. She's really nice. - Yeah, she is.
Castle : You know, sweetheart, if you don't want to tell me
Castle : what you talked about with Beckett, you don't have to.
Alexis : Okay. Thanks, Dad.
Martha : What is the matter with you? Why didn't you just ask her?
Castle : Because that would be prying. And cool dads don't do that.
Castle : They go behind their daughter's back and they beg Beckett to tell them.
Ryan : Did you ever have any cases with Buckley?
Esposito : A few. Guy was wound a little tight if you ask me.
Esposito : Saw himself as a crusader for justice.
UNK: Gil Mazzara : Yo, Esposito.
Esposito : - Gil Mazzara. What's up man? - How're you doing?
Esposito : So, you're still looking at dirty pictures up in Vice?
UNK: Gil Mazzara : Yeah, tell your mom to send over some new ones.
UNK: Gil Mazzara : The ones I got are getting old.
Esposito : - You know my partner, Ryan. - Hey.
UNK: Gil Mazarra : Yeah. Honey-milk. Nice to see you.
UNK: Gil Mazarra : So, I hear you're looking to talk about Danton?
Esposito : - Yeah. You know him? - Yeah. I arrested him five years ago.
UNK: Gil Mazzara : Real name's Dan Tonelli.
UNK: Paul Cho : - Dan-ton. - Yeah.
UNK: Gil Mazzara : He's currently serving a seven-year stretch in Green Haven Correctional.
Ryan : - Wait a minute. He's still in prison? - And your boy Buckley put him there.
Esposito : - Buckley prosecuted Danton? - Yeah.
UNK: Gil Mazzara : And he was all over us to make a rock-solid case.
UNK: Gil Mazzara : We gave Buckley enough to put the guy away for 20 years.
Ryan : Could Tonelli still be running the operation out of prison?
UNK: Gil Mazzara : Nah. These call girl rings are like franchises.
UNK: Gil Mazzara : The business changes hands, but the name stays the same.
Esposito : - So, who's the new Danton? - I wish I knew. Guy's like a ghost.
UNK: Gil Mazzara : Every time we think we're getting close, he disappears.
UNK: Gil Mazzara : Five warrants in the last year and every time we show up,
UNK: Gil Mazzara : the place has been cleared out like he knew we were coming.
UNK: You call the prison, get them to bring Tonelli over here.
Castle : Hey, you guys seen Beckett?
Esposito : She went with the captain to update City Hall on the case.
Esposito : She'll be here in a minute.
Ryan : - Something wrong? - No. Yes.
Castle : I think my daughter might be keeping something from me.
Ryan : - Maybe she got kicked out of school. - What?
Esposito : - Or she's doing drugs. Mmm-hmm.
Ryan : - Teen pregnancy is on the rise. - Whoa.
UNK: All right, you've met my daughter.
Castle : You know that she is the closest thing to perfect as humanly possible.
UNK: Castle, come on. You've been with us long enough to know
UNK: that people are never who you think they are.
UNK: Isn't it possible your perfect daughter isn't as perfect as you think?
Beckett : Is Danton here yet? - Yeah. Interrogation Room one.
Castle : - Wait? Danton? - Come on, Castle. Keep up.
Beckett : We brought you in here to talk about Danton.
UNK: Dan Tonelli : Ancient history.
Castle : Says here Buckley made a plea deal with you. Seven years instead of 20.