Castle : But I heard Buckley doesn't make deals.
UNK: Dan Tonelli : What could I say, I got lucky.
Beckett : The only reason that Buckley would agree to a deal
Beckett : is because you brought him something big in return.
Beckett : So, what was it?
UNK: - Why don't you ask him? - Because he's dead.
UNK: Dan Tonelli : - What? How? - He was murdered two nights ago.
Beckett : We believe that the same person who took over your operations killed him.
Beckett : What's so funny?
UNK: Dan Tonelli : Well, you see, that would make it a suicide.
UNK: Suicide?
Beckett : Wait a minute. You're saying that Jack Buckley was the new Danton?
UNK: Buckley made me a deal.
UNK: I provide him with my client list, my girls,
UNK: he knocks 13 years off my sentence. It was a no-brainer.
UNK: Our DA was a pimp.
Castle : Jack Buckley was Danton. That's why all Vice's warrants failed.
Castle : They had to go through the DA's office and Buckley saw them coming.
Castle : He was in the perfect position to protect his operation.
Beckett : But why would a respected prosecutor become a pimp?
Castle : - The outfits? It was the money.
Esposito : Buckley's ex-wife took him to the cleaners.
Esposito : Between alimony and his own bills, Buckley was beyond broke.
Castle : You know, I'm betting it was more than just the money.
Castle : Everybody's talking about how great Jack Buckley was.
Castle : How he was the law. You start thinking like that,
Castle : sometimes you can start thinking maybe you are above the law.
Castle : That you can get away with anything.
Beckett : Sir, how did the mayor handle the news?
Montgomery : You don't want to know.
Beckett : Okay, this doesn't make any sense.
Beckett : If Buckley was the new Danton,
Beckett : then why would the masked man tell Buckley to back off of Danton?
Beckett : Buckley wouldn't threaten himself.
Beckett : Unless Buckley wasn't the boss anymore.
Montgomery : - A hostile takeover. - Of course.
Castle : We know Danton was just a business name.
Castle : So, "Back off of Danton" was the new boss telling the old boss,
Castle : "Don't resist the takeover, or I'll start ruining reputations."
Montgomery : Makes sense in theory, but how do you prove it?
Beckett : We talk to the call girl.
Beckett : There is no way that Scarlett didn't know that Buckley was in charge.
Castle : No, seriously. What did Alexis tell you last night?
Beckett : I promised I wouldn't say.
Castle : Well, at least... At least tell me if it was bad.
Beckett : And put you out of your misery?
UNK: We're looking for Scarlett.
Nicole : She's packing her things. We can't have call girls working here.
Castle : - No, only pimps. Detective.
Beckett : Could you give us a moment, please?
UNK: Scarlett, you lied to us. Buckley was running the call girl ring,
UNK: and there's no way that you didn't know.
UNK: Scarlett Price : Please. I had to lie.
UNK: Scarlett Price : He'd kill me if he thought I told you anything.
Castle : Who'd kill you? The new Danton?
Beckett : Someone took over Buckley's business. Who was it?
Beckett : Answer me.
UNK: Scarlett Price : He used to work for Buckley.
UNK: Scarlett Price : He made sure no one hurt the girls and everyone paid.
Beckett : - What was his name? - I can't tell you that.
Beckett : Scarlett, I'm done playing. You've done nothing but lie to us.
Beckett : Don't think that I'm not gonna send you away
Beckett : for obstruction of justice and anything else that I can think of.
UNK: Scarlett Price : - He'll kill me. - We won't let that happen.
Castle : Detective Beckett can help you, but you have to help us first.
UNK: Scarlett Price : And then what happens to me? You think I'm gonna be a lawyer now?
UNK: Scarlett Price : Jack was going to write me a letter of recommendation,
UNK: Scarlett Price : pull some strings to get me a job. Who's going to help me now?
Castle : Honestly? No one.
Castle : You're gonna have to do it by yourself, Scarlett,
Castle : and I got a feeling that you can. Tell us who the new boss is,
Castle : and Detective Beckett will make sure no one knows
Castle : it was you who talked to us.
UNK: Scarlett Price : You promise?
UNK: Yes.
UNK: Scarlett Price : - His name is John Knox. - Knox? But that's...
Beckett : The guy that Buckley dragged in here in handcuffs.
Beckett : How does a prosecutor get into business with a criminal?
Castle : Well, it's hard out there for a pimp who's also a DA.
Castle : Ooh, that'd be a good character for a novel.
UNK: Hmm.
Castle : A star prosecutor who's always excelled at anything he's ever done.
Castle : He couldn't possibly imagine that being a pimp
Castle : would be a bigger job than he could handle by himself.
Castle : But one day he gets a call,
Beckett : one of his girls has been knocked around by a client.
Castle : He realizes there's nothing he can do about it,
Castle : - he's a very public figure. - Mmm-hmm.
Castle : So, a white collar prosecutor decides to hire a blue collared enforcer.
Castle : Can't exactly take out an ad on craigslist for that.
Castle : But fortunately enough,
Castle : he has a big stack of qualified candidates sitting right on his desk.
Beckett : Which is where he found John Knox.
Beckett : A criminal who mostly managed to stay out of prison.
Castle : - Which makes him a smart criminal. - Yeah.
Castle : Buckley offers him a deal.
Castle : "Come work for me, I'll throw your case."
Castle : - And Knox does. - Mmm-hmm.
Castle : For a while, everyone's happy. But then Knox decides
Castle : he's not happy being number two anymore.
Castle : He takes Buckley's client list, tells Buckley to take a hike.
Beckett : Knowing that Buckley can't do anything about it without risking exposure.
UNK: Mmm-hmm. But Buckley's never backed down from a fight in his life.
Castle : He gets the cops to drag Knox down to his office to remind him who's boss.
Beckett : But Knox took it up a notch,
Beckett : sending a warning shot across Buckley's bow
Castle : by threatening his brother-in-law.
Castle : And when Buckley wouldn't back down,
Castle : Knox threw him off the roof of a parking garage.
Beckett : Jeez, if only we had some proof.
Castle : Who needs proof? What a great story. Of course, Knox has an alibi.
Beckett : You know, maybe you're right. Maybe Knox is smart.
Beckett : Maybe he sent someone else.
Castle : Oh, I like the twist.
Castle : The enforcer has an enforcer! But who?
UNK: John Knox : I'll talk to you guys later, okay?
Castle : - Hi. Remember us? - I definitely remember you.
Beckett : - We need to ask you a few questions. - I already answered your questions.
Castle : - Maybe you didn't see the badge. - Oh, I saw it.
UNK: You ladies ready? Excellent. You two have a nice evening.
UNK: I'm hungry. What do you guys feel like...
Castle : - Aren't you going to stop him? - I can't.
Beckett : Unless we arrest him, the law says that he doesn't have to talk to us.
Beckett : - And he knows that. - So arrest him.
Beckett : On what grounds?
Beckett : We promised Scarlett that we'd keep her out of it.