UNK: Fifteen more minutes, Mr. Barton.
Foreman : A skin resurfacing laser is missing.
Adams : And why are you asking me about it?
Foreman : Because you work for House.
Adams : What would House want with a skin resurfacing laser?
House : I have no idea. Have you seen it?
Barton : My feet feel hot.
Adams : That's completely normal.
Adams : No. But House has been talking about how
Adams : badly he wants to remove those prison tats.
Foreman : It's a very expensive machine and I'd like it back.
Foreman : Please tell me if you hear anything.
Adams : How expensive?
UNK: $200,000.
Foreman : He took it.
House : I have no idea.
Foreman : Park's hearing's about to start.
Adams : You're covering for him. I did the same thing many times.
Adams : My advice to you,
Adams : figure out what line you aren't willing to cross for him.
Adams : Because, eventually, he'll ask you to cross it.
Adams : How are your feet?
Adams : Mr. Barton?
Adams : Can you hear me, Mr. Barton?
Adams : Oh, no.
Foreman : We have convened the Disciplinary Committee
Foreman : to decide the appropriate action
Foreman : that should be taken against Dr. Chi Park
Foreman : as a result of her actions on October 7th of this year.
Foreman : Dr. Park, do you have an opening statement?
Park : Dr. Foreman, members of the committee,
Park : thank you for giving me this opportunity to speak to you today. I...
UNK: House looking Furious : Good news. You can cancel the hearing, because I'm firing her myself.
Foreman : She's not yours to fire...
UNK: Then you guys better fire her for insubordination.
House : She went rogue and my patient is now in a coma.
Adams : I'm the one who did the test...
Park : No. It was my idea.
Foreman : Seriously, House?
House : At least I'm smart enough to know what I don't know.
House : She went out of her way to defy me, she needs...
UNK: Damn it, she... Just fire her!
Foreman : My apologies.
Foreman : My apologies, Dr. Park.
Foreman : Dr. House's comments will, of course,
Foreman : have no bearing on this hearing.
Foreman : Please continue.
Barton : I, uh...
Adams : I can't believe you did that.
UNK: Right back at you.
House : Our patient's dying We need theories.
Adams : It's gotta be normal pressure hydrocephalus.
Adams : Andrews predicted the coma.
House : Yeah, but even a broken doctor is right twice a day.
UNK: The patient wasn't wet, wabbly or wacky.
UNK: The coma had to be a lucky guess.
Adams : If you didn't think he was right,
Adams : then why did you want us to collect his spinal fluid?
House : I didn't. I wanted you to do a tilt table test.
Adams : You have a wonderful way of communicating.
House : I knew Park wanted to do a tilt table.
UNK: If she listens to me, I waste an hour, if she defies me,
House : then I get the test I want and my 100 bucks.
House : Up high.
UNK: Adams pissed : You're an ass.
House : You're angry.
Adams : Yes. Now I'm angry.
Adams : Let's run the test for normal pressure hydrocephalus.
UNK: No.
House : What else would explain our symptoms
House : and make our patient go into a coma during that test?
Park : What about hepatic encephalopathy?
Adams : No. We already tested his liver enzymes. They're normal.
House : Or his liver's so far gone, it can't even produce enzymes.
Adams : That's desperate.
UNK: It fits the symptoms.
Park : And Andrews is a hack.
Adams : Go biopsy to confirm, unless you want your own hearing.
Adams : You'd have to hire me first.
Foreman : So you do realize that it is unacceptable
Foreman : to hit someone in the work place?
UNK: Yes. Completely unacceptable.
UNK: Park uncomfortable : I wasn't thinking. I guess...
UNK: I mean, I guess, technically, I was thinking.
UNK: Park uncomfortable : It happened so fast, I didn't... I...