UNK: The One with the Cuffs
Monica : How desperate am I?
UNK: Good thing Chandler's not here. He always wins at this game.
Monica : I just told my mom I'd cater her party.
Phoebe : -How come? -I need the money.
UNK: It'd be a great way to get rid of that last smidgen of self-respect.
Ross : I think this is a good thing.
UNK: Mom wouldn't have hired you if you weren't good.
UNK: You don't have to stick up for her. She can't hear you.
UNK: Do you have any juice?
Joey : Just pickle.
Chandler : Funny story. I bumped into Joanna yesterday.
Rachel : My boss, Joanna? That must have been awkward.
Chandler : Actually, she asked me if I wanted a drink.
UNK: You didn't say yes to that, did you?
Joanna : Hello, Rachel.
Chandler : Well, not at first.
Rachel : What is she doing here?
Rachel : Last time you went out with her you said she was a dud!
UNK: I judged her too quickly. This time, we took it to the next level.
Rachel : Last time I almost got fired. You must end it. You must end it now.
UNK: It's not an everyday occurrence!
UNK: Usually I'm in there by myself.
UNK: Promise.
UNK: -Rachel, aren't you running late? -No
UNK: -You are if you pick me up a bagel. -Okay.
UNK: Promise you will end this now.
UNK: -I promise. I'll end it. -Thank you.
UNK: I hope you know what I'm giving up.
UNK: She's not just the boss in your office. You know what I mean?
UNK: Sorry. I knew what he meant.
UNK: How's the hired help?
Monica : Doing great. Quiches are coming along.
UNK: What's this? Blue nail polish?
Monica : I thought it was cute.
UNK: It's what your grandmother's hands looked like when we found her.
Monica : Let me ask you a question.
Monica : Why did you hire me?
UNK: Mrs. Geller : Richard raved about the food at his party...
UNK: ...but you were sleeping with him.
UNK: Mrs. Geller : Then I heard the food at that lesbian wedding was nice.
UNK: I assume you didn't sleep with anyone there.
UNK: Mrs. Geller : At least that would be something.
Monica : Oh, my God! Did you hear that?
Monica : She hired me because she thinks I'm good.
UNK: I didn't hear that.
UNK: She didn't hire me out of pity.
UNK: It wasn't so she could pick on me. She actually thinks I'm good.
UNK: And hey, it's cool if you're a lesbian.
UNK: The Salesman : Good afternoon. Are you the decision-maker of the house?
UNK: Do you currently own a set of encyclopedias?
UNK: No, but try the classifieds. People sell everything in there.
UNK: Actually, I'm not buying. I'm selling.
UNK: The Salesman : Let me ask you one question.
UNK: The Salesman : Do your friends ever have a conversation...
UNK: The Salesman : ...and you just nod along, not sure what they're talking about?
UNK: I'm telling you, it's totally unconstitutional.
Monica : I think he deserves a Nobel Prize.
Chandler : It was like the Algonquin kids' table.