UNK: Martha Rodgers : You cataracts and hurricanes, spout!
UNK: Till you have drenched our steeples. Drown...
UNK: Dad...
UNK: Richard Castle : I know what you're asking, and the answer is yes.
UNK: Richard Castle : Yes, you can take your grandmother
UNK: Richard Castle : and her entire production of King Learto college with you.
Alexis : I'm going crazy.
UNK: Earplugs?
Alexis : Not that. I need something to do.
UNK: I had planned to be at Stanford, but now I'm here, just waiting.
Castle : What about school?
Alexis : I finished all my credits.
Alexis : All I'm taking this semester is Theoretical Physics.
Castle : Maybe this is exactly what you need.
Castle : A little time off to discover yourself.
Castle : Travel, adventure. Go for a little life experience!
Alexis : That's a great idea. I could get an internship.
Alexis : Practical experience in the job market.
Alexis : You know, test the waters.
UNK: Well, yeah, not exactly what I was thinking...
UNK: KISSING
Alexis : Thank you!
MARTHA : Blow wind, thunder, fire, are my daughters...
Castle : Daughters. That's why King Lear went mad.
UNK: WIND WHOOSHING CELL PHONE RINGING
UNK: Yes, hello?
CASTLE : Your timing was perfect.
Castle : My mother was teaching three acting classes today, in my living room.
UNK: Kate Beckett : Wait a minute. What about her studio?
UNK: Flooded.
Castle : They were doing the storm from King Lear,
UNK: and things got out of hand.
Castle : Remind me to check my insurance.
Beckett : Hey, Lanie. What've you got?
UNK: Lanie Parish : This is Laura Cambridge, 28.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Traffic found her in the passenger seat of the car.
Beckett : Cause of death?
Lanie : She was strangled between the hours of 8 : 00 and 10 : 00 last night.
Lanie : This bruising here indicates a choke hold.
Lanie : He probably grabbed her from behind
Lanie : with enough force to crush her hyoid bone.
Castle : He? So there was a witness?
Lanie : No, but to kill her in one swift move like that,
Lanie : perp had to be taller and heavier than the victim.
Lanie : No signs of sexual assault, though.
Castle : Was she strangled in the car?
Lanie : CSU didn't find any signs of any struggle.
Lanie : Looks like her body was dumped here post-mortem.
BECKETT : Whose car is i Not hers.t?
UNK: Javier Esposito : She had a non-driver ID card.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Ryan's running the plates to see if he can find the owner.
Beckett : And what about the purse?
UNK: This was tossed in the dumpster. Still has cash in it.
Beckett : Cell phone? Didn't find one.
Beckett : What girl in her 20s doesn't have a cell phone?
Castle : Maybe she's Amish.
UNK: Hey.
UNK: So I ran those plates off the sedan, and...
UNK: What?
Ryan : It's from the motor pool at City Hall.
Ryan : City Hall? Who used it last?
Ryan : Mayor Robert Weldon.
UNK: Mayor Robert Weldon : We're all still a litt le stunned to hear
UNK: Mayor Robert Weldon : that one of our cars was mixed up in this.
UNK: Trust me, we're gonna get this all sorted out.
UNK: MAYOR WELDON : Is that the victim?
Beckett : Yes, Laura Cambridge.
Beckett : Do you recognize her, Your Honor?
Weldon : My staff would know better,
Weldon : but I don't believe she's connected with this office.
UNK: Sir, I am sorry to have to ask you this,
Beckett : but where were you last night between 8 : 00 and 10 : 00 p.m.?
UNK: She's one of New York's finest, eh, Ricky?
Castle : She's the best.
UNK: Yeah, so you keep telling me.
Weldon : I was at a small fundraiser last night, with about 50 other people.
Weldon : I'll get you their names.
Beckett : Yeah, I appreciate that. And what about the car?
Weldon : That was one of several used by my office for the event.
Weldon : Apparently, one of my staffers reported it stolen later that night.
Weldon : Off the record,
UNK: the people I was with last night were part of my inner circle.
UNK: We're forming an explorato committee for a possible r at governor.
Weldon : But I'm not anxious to make that public yet.
Beckett : I'll do my best to keep the nature of your business private.
UNK: Thanks.
UNK: I'd hoped you'd be there, Rick.
Castle : Fondue night with Alexis, but I did send a check.
Weldon : Thank you for that.
Weldon : I know that you have a lot more questions, Detective.
Weldon : My chief of staff, Brian Shay,
Weldon : will answer anything else you want to know.
UNK: Listen, listen, listen to me, Jack. You're swinging in the wind on this.
UNK: Brian Shay : But you get me three more votes in the council,
UNK: Brian Shay : and I'll send you a helicopter.
UNK: EXHALES
UNK: Brian Shay : You're the detective, right?
UNK: Yes. Have a seat.
Shay : Jordan, we don't need you in on this.
Weldon : I'll leave you guys to work through this, unless, Rick,
Weldon : you want to take a look at our new library initiative?
Weldon : Wouldn't hurt us to have your endorsement on that.
Castle : For the New York Public Library? My first love? Anything.
BRIAN : I've already done your leg work, Detective.
Shay : The car was checked out by Elizabeth Watson,
Shay : senior director of communication here at the office.
Shay : When she left last night's event around midnight,
Shay : she discovered that it was missing.
Shay : Here's her statement.
Beckett : With all due respect, Mr. Shay,
Beckett : police investigations are usually conducted by the police.
Shay : Yeah, well, unfortunately, the 24-hour news cycle
Shay : moves a hell of a lot faster than you do,
Shay : and I have to get all my ducks in a row before this thing breaks.
Shay : It's my job.
Beckett : And my job is to find Laura's murderer.
Beckett : So if you don't mind, and even if you do,
UNK: I'm gonna get my own statement from Ms. Watson about that car,
UNK: and I'm also gonna need statements from all of your staff
Beckett : as to whether they recognize our victim.
Shay : Knock yourself out.
Shay : But trust me, you're wasting your time.
Beckett : It's my time to waste.
Beckett : Now, I got a job to do.
Shay : So do I.
Shay : Let me be clear, Mayor Weldon is my priority.
Shay : And I'm not about to let this thing embolden his opponents
Shay : and ruin everything that we've built.