Beckett : Laura told her sister that she was in trouble at work,
UNK: that something had happened.
Marilyn : Nothing happened that I know of.
Marilyn : She did seem distracted the past few days, but that's about all.
Castle : Well, being the "Chief Sexecutive Officer,"
Castle : did you notice any conflicts with her and her colleagues?
UNK: Well, she kept to herself, but she got along well with the other girls.
Marilyn : There were no complain ts about Laura.
Beckett : Did she ever tell you why she was working here?
Beckett : What do you mean?
Beckett : I just find it odd.
Beckett : She's a professor with a promising career ahead of her
Beckett : and then all of a sudden, she decides to become a phone sex operator.
Marilyn : Maybe she liked it.
Marilyn : We get all types here, Detective. Students, actresses, moms.
Marilyn : I knew an accountant who did it because she liked the challenge,
Marilyn : and it turned her on.
Marilyn : It's a powerful thing to make a client lust for you.
UNK: Hmm.
Castle : Any chance that one of her clients became obsessed with her?
Marilyn : Oh, honey, obsessi on pays our bills.
Beckett : Could they have found out her real identity, maybe contacted her?
Marilyn : Absolutely not.
Marilyn : No, we keep all of our girls anonymous.
Marilyn : Clients can't be contacted directly.
Marilyn : They call one central line,
UNK: and all their calls are routed to each girl by our dispatcher.
UNK: Sarah Marx : Yeah, it's my job to take the client's name and credit card information,
UNK: Sarah Marx : and then route the calls to the girls.
UNK: It's 3 : 00 in the afternoon Is it always this busy?
Sarah : Sure. Some guys need a morning jolt.
Sarah : Some guys need an afternoon pick-me-up.
Beckett : Someone should have told them coffee's cheaper.
Sarah : It's not just about the sex.
Sarah : That's the part of this business most people don't understand.
Sarah : Guys call, girls call, they're looking for release.
Sarah : Sometimes that release is sexual, but sometimes...
Castle : It's therapy.
UNK: Or so I've been told.
Sarah : It's true.
Sarah : Laura was a successful goddess not just because of her sexy talk,
Sarah : but because she was a really good listener.
Beckett : Well, that might have gotten her killed.
UNK: Sarah, were there any clients that she asked to have blocked?
UNK: No.
Beckett : What about problems here at work?
UNK: Was there anything she couldn't tell her boss about?
UNK: SOBBING No. She...
Beckett : She what?
UNK: Sarah?
Sarah : I'm sorry. Oh, God, I'm so sorry.
Sarah : It's my fault she's dead.
UNK: How?
Castle : Did a client find out who she was?
UNK: No.
Sarah : It was the other way around.
Sarah : Laura came to me about a week ago.
Sarah : She wanted a client's contact information.