UNK: Well, you didn't mean to, but she was such a good listener.
Norris : It was anonymous. I was supposed to be safe.
Castle : But you weren't because she was a writer,
Castle : and you gave her the story of her life.
Castle : So she tracked you down. She confronted you.
UNK: She was gonna blow the whistle on you, on your friends.
Castle : She had to be stopped.
BECKETT : We talked to your doorman, Jordan.
Beckett : We know that she visited you that night.
Norris : Okay, she was there.
UNK: But she left after 20 minutes.
Norris : I didn't kill her.
BECKETT : You didn't have to.
Beckett : All you had to do was call that same burner phone,
Beckett : and whoever answered sent a man,
Beckett : a man without a face
Beckett : who choked the life out of Laura Cambridge,
Beckett : and then he broke into her home and her work
Beckett : and he destroyed all of the evidence of everything she knew.
Castle : Whose phone was it, Jordan?
Norris : You don't understand.
Norris : These people,
Norris : they're more dangerous than you know.
Beckett : You are looking at 20 years in prison.
Beckett : I am offering you a way out.
Beckett : Now, who did you call?
Beckett : I want a name.
Beckett : Who did you call?
UNK: STAMMERS
Beckett : A name, Jordan.
Castle : Say it.
UNK: Okay.
Norris : The person that I called...
UNK: Bill Moss : If it's all the same to you,
UNK: Bill Moss : I'd prefer my client not be asked any more questions.
Norris : Your client?
Beckett : Mr. Norris, I'm Bill Moss.
Moss : From now on, please don't speak to anybody outside of my presence.
Moss : I've been retained to represent you.
Beckett : By who?
Moss : We're done here.
Gates : It seems our mayor will live to fight another day.
Gates : Justice has prevailed.
Beckett : Not for Laura Cambridge.
Gates : We charged Mr. Norris with criminal facilitation. That's something.
Beckett : Jordan Norris is a pawn.
Beckett : I want the people controlling him.
GATES : Oh, it's a long game, Kate.
Gates : Play it piece by piece.
Castle : Why would you abandon all your plans? You've been cleared of all charges.
Alexis : You know, for someone who kills off all his characters,
Weldon : you have a strange stubborn streak of optimism in you.
Alexis : But, no, I can 't run for govern or in two years.