Gates : you get that warrant and you do your job.
Gates : Whatever the cost.
UNK: You're going to see Weldon?
UNK: Yes.
Castle : I'd like to come with you. I think I can help.
Beckett : I don't think you can.
Castle : I heard what you said. I did.
Castle : And I think I can be a valuable asset.
Castle : I play poker with the guy. I can tell when he's bluffing.
Beckett : What about if I have to force his hand? Can you be an asset then?
Castle : Look, I don't think he did it, but if he did, I want to know.
Castle : That makes me objective.
UNK: Brian Shay : Sir, you don't have to talk to them. It's my job.
UNK: It's okay, Brian. I don't need you to protect me.
UNK: Sir... I haven't done anything wrong.
UNK: Please.
Alexis : Thank you. Thank you.
Beckett : Your Honor, I appreciate you speaking with us.
Weldon : It sounded like I didn't have a choice.
UNK: The last time we spoke, you said that you didn't know Laura Cambridge.
Beckett : That's right.
Beckett : And yet here you are, standing next to Laura,
Ryan : a volunteer at Reading Train.
Weldon : I didn't recognize her. But in context, I remember her.
Weldon : This event was a few nights ago.
Weldon : She was trying to talk to me, but...
Ryan : Did she? Talk to you?
Weldon : No, I got pulled away. I had donors I had to speak with.
Weldon : I remember her saying that she wanted to talk to me,
Weldon : but circumstances prevented it.
Castle : So you and Laura never actually spoke?
UNK: No. Not even on the phone?
Weldon : No. Honestly, after that night I never gave her a second thought.
Beckett : You know, in this photo, you're wearing a light brown cashmere coat.
Beckett : We'd like you to turn it over to CSU for testing.
UNK: SIGHS
Weldon : Respectfully, I'm going to have to decline.
UNK: Why?
Castle : Robert, give her the coat. It can only be good for you.
Weldon : I'm afraid I can't do that.
UNK: Why?
Weldon : I had nothing to do with Laura Cambridge's murder,
Weldon : or the theft of money from my charity
Weldon : or anything else I've been accused of in the last 48 hours.
Weldon : Do you think that any of this is a coincidence?
UNK: Robert... No, me here, talking to you.
Weldon : This is exactly what they wanted to have happen.
Weldon : So, no, I will not give you my coat.
UNK: There's a conspiracy against me, and I will not voluntarily feed it.
Castle : What conspiracy?
Weldon : Don't you think it's funny that all this is happening
Weldon : the moment I consider running for governor?
Weldon : Rick, I'm used to having enemies,
Weldon : but this is an organized effort to destroy me.
Weldon : So right now, I don't trust anyone.
Castle : Well, he has good reason to not turn over his coat.
Beckett : Yes, guilt.
Castle : A conspiracy. Is it so far-fetched?
Castle : Maybe Laura found out about it and tried to warn him.
Beckett : Or maybe she and Weldon did talk.
Beckett : She confronted him with what she knew, and he killed her.
UNK: Mmm. I believe the conspiracy. I mean, I know Weldon.
Beckett : And Weldon knows you.
Beckett : Conspiracies, intrigue, that's your bread and butter.
Beckett : That's exactly the kind of story that you would respond to.
Beckett : I'm sorry, are you suggesting he's playing me?
UNK: I am suggesting that you consider the possibility.
Beckett : I have a procedure to follow.
UNK: He didn't provide his coat willingly,
UNK: so I'm gonna have to get a court order.
UNK: CHUCKLES Whoa.
Castle : Once word gets out that the NYPD subpoenaed his clothing
Castle : in connection with embezzlement and murder,
Castle : that man's career will be over.
Beckett : Not if he's innocent.
Castle : Are you kidding me?
Castle : Kate, this is politics.
Castle : Perception is reality. The truth won't matter.
Beckett : What am I supposed to do, Rick?
Beckett : I can't just stop being a cop just because it's inconvenient.
Castle : No, no, no, just... You can wait.
UNK: All right? For something else, for another lead.
Beckett : For the coat to disappear?
UNK: You don't think I don't know what's at stake here?
Beckett : Do you think I actually want to do this?
Castle : Then don't do it.
Beckett : I don't have a choice.
Weldon : My office is cooperating fully with both investigations,
Weldon : and I stand here with 100% confidence
UNK: that a full and thorough investigation
Weldon : will reveal that I am completely innocent of any wrongdoing.
UNK: Do you still believe him?
Weldon : I do.
Martha : You've been down this road before with a friend.
Martha : You believed Damian Westlake He's rotting in prison for murder.