Ryan : Did she tell you what?
Roberta : No, she said it was too dangerous for me to know.
CASTLE : So Laura Cambridge left a tenure-track positi at a respected university
Castle : for some flophouse and a mysterious night job
Castle : that got her into so much trouble she ended up murdered?
Castle : What the hell was she mixed up in?
UNK: The man who left her apartment,
Beckett : if he's our killer, he was looking for her.
Beckett : He probably went to her work to find her.
Castle : Which means wherever that is,
UNK: it's probably the last place she was seen alive.
UNK: I got it! I found where she works!
UNK: Her bank statement said she received recent direct deposits from a DAG Corp.
Ryan : Now, I had to dig deep within the city's business registries,
Ryan : but I found one listing for a DAG Corp
Ryan : between 2nd and 3rd in the Bowery.
Beckett : Let's go.
BECKETT : There it is. Suite 250.
Castle : What kind of business do you think this is?
UNK: Shadowy import/export? Money laundering? Sweatshop?
Beckett : Shh! Shh!
WOMAN : No! Please!
Beckett : Do you hear that?
WOMAN : You're hurting me.
UNK: Bobby!
UNK: Don't! Stop!
UNK: WOMAN SCREAMS
Beckett : NYPD! Don't...
UNK: WOMEN SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY
Beckett : It's just an office.
Castle : Where only women work?
UNK: Oh, yeah, baby. I'm still here.
Beckett : What is this place?
Castle : I'd say it's about $4.99 a minute.
UNK: It's not a sweatshop.
Castle : It's a sex shop.
UNK: Oh, Murray, yeah, yeah! Yeah, like that!
UNK: Woman 1 : You hear the clicking of stilettos coming towards you, James?
UNK: Woman 2 : No men for miles, could you stay...
UNK: ...With sharp teeth for to hold you down while I suck your...
UNK: Marilyn Kane : Laura was one of my favorites.
UNK: Marilyn Kane : Just a sweet, intelligent, funny girl.
UNK: She'd only been he re a few months,
UNK: Marilyn Kane : and already she was one of our most popular goddesses.
UNK: Marilyn Kane : I can't believe that she's dead.
UNK: Was she taking calls last night?
Marilyn : No, no. She took last night off, said she had something to take care of.