Castle : He's right, you know.
Castle : If this thing gets out, and they aren't ready with a response?
UNK: That's front-page material for weeks.
UNK: It's front-page news either way.
Beckett : If his staff wants to minimize damage, they'll step back and let me do my job.
Beckett : Step back? These are politicians.
Castle : They can't order at a restaurant
Castle : without two compromises and an ultimatum.
UNK: Victoria Gates : Beckett, my office.
Gates : What did you find out at City Hall?
Beckett : Staffer that reported the car stolen is accounted for all last night,
Beckett : and no one in the mayor's office seems to recognize our victim.
Gates : So her ties to that vehicle could be purely coincidental?
Beckett : That's entirely possible.
Gates : Castle and the mayor are friends, right?
UNK: Sir?
Gates : These investigations are like juggling wet dynamite.
Gates : One misstep, and it'll all blow up in your face.
Beckett : I can handle myself.
Gates : Well, that's good, Detective.
Gates : Because I won't be the only one watching.
Castle : What was that about?
UNK: Politics, and your connection to the mayor.
Castle : What does it matter? We know he's not involved.
UNK: What?
Beckett : She's right. You are biased.
Castle : I'm biased?
Castle : Do you know who Gates voted for in the last election?
Castle : Because I'm betting it wasn't Weldon.
Beckett : Espo, where are we on that motor pool?
UNK: Verification.
UNK: The vehicle was checked out at 5 : 00, reported missing shortly after midnight.
Castle : So it was stolen off the street.
Lanie : Looks like.
Castle : Which means any connection to the City Hall is entirely coincidental.
Beckett : Hey, Ryan, what do our victim 's phone records show?
Beckett : Any phone calls to City Hall?
UNK: No phone calls at all because Laura Cambridge didn't own a cell phone.
UNK: And her credit cards haven't been used in six months.
Castle : No cell phone and no credit cards?
Castle : It's like she's from another century.
UNK: Amish theory's looking pretty good, bro.
RYAN : It'd be nice if it were that easy.
Ryan : But I think something else was going on with her.
Beckett : What do you mean?
Ryan : Laura was a Professor of Literature at Hudson University.
Ryan : She was a rising star in her department until six months ago.
Castle : What happened six months ago?
Ryan : She quit, for no apparent reason.
UNK: According to her colleague she also completely cut ti with them.
UNK: Canceled her cell phone, cut off her credit cards.
UNK: Why?
RYAN : No one knows. It's like something happened to her.
UNK: After that, all I could fi were paystubs for fast food restaurants,
Ryan : a laundry service and an office-cleaning company.
Ryan : It's like she couldn't keep a job.
Castle : She went from professor to janitor?
UNK: That's Good Will Hunting, but in reverse.
Beckett : Maybe her family can shed some light.
Esposito : Well, I tracked do wn her next of kin.
Esposito : She has a sister. She's on her way in now.
Beckett : All right, you guys dig into her life.
Beckett : See if we can find out where she was the night she died.
Beckett : Castle and I will go over to her apartment
UNK: to see if we can find out who she was with.
UNK: Nah, honestly, she pretty much kept to herself.
Harvey : She paid on time. That's what matters.
MAN : It's my stuff! You took my stuff.
Harvey : Unlike those t wo chuckleheads.
Harvey : Excuse me, please, officer
UNK: and gentleman.
Harvey : Pipe down, for crying out loud!
Castle : Officer and a Gentleman.
Castle : That could be the name of our crime blog.
BECKETT : Crime blog?
UNK: The way that you help me write police reports?
Beckett : I got a feeling I'll be writing that one on my own.
Beckett : Doesn't really seem to be any signs of struggle.
Castle : Yeah, no sign of a TV or computer, either.
Castle : That's weird, right?
HARVEY : Bunch of deadbeat tenants in here.
UNK: You ever get bored, I'm su I could fill up a couple of holding cells for you.
Beckett : Mr. Harvey, when was the last time you saw Laura?
Beckett : Did you see her yesterday?
Harvey : During the day. She worked nights. I saw her head to work around 5 : 00.
Castle : Do you know where she worked?
UNK: Someplace that paid, that's all I know.
Beckett : Did you ever see Laura with any friends, boyfriends?
Harvey : No, no, but I did see a guy leaving here last night.
Castle : When was that?
UNK: Around 9 : 30.
UNK: Well, that's inside our 8 : to 10 : 00 p.m. murder window.
Beckett : Do you remember what he looked like?
UNK: Uh, six feet tall, Caucasian, dark hair.
ROBERTA : She never mentioned anyone like that.
UNK: And she wasn't dating anyone.
Alexis : Thank you.
Roberta : I tried to set her up with a few guys, but she wasn't interested.
Ryan : Did your sister have any connection to City Hall or local politics?
Roberta : No, I don't think so.
Esposito : Were you and your sister close?
Roberta : We used to be. She used to tell me everything.
UNK: And then six months ago, she stopped calling.
UNK: She just dropped out of her life.
Roberta : She gave up her teaching position.
Roberta : She moved out of her apartment on the Upper West Side into that flophouse.
Ryan : Do you have any idea why?
Beckett : When was the last time you spoke to her?
Roberta : Three days ago. She called for my birthday. SNIFFLES
Esposito : From where? She didn't have a phone.
Roberta : I don't know, but she was upset.
Roberta : She said she was in trouble because of something that happened at work.