Martha : Oh, you know, I had no idea how many people
Martha : I needed to invite until I wrote them all down. Hmm!
UNK: SIGHS
UNK: ELEVATOR BELL DINGS
UNK: Good news. I cross-referenced my mother's list with my list.
Castle : We have three names in common.
UNK: Wow, three names. That's great.
Beckett : That takes us from, what, 585 to 582?
UNK: There's gotta be a better way to cut this down.
Beckett : Ryan, you guys kept your wedding small.
UNK: What was it, like, 100 people?
Ryan : Yeah. That's all we could afford.
UNK: How did you contain the list?
Ryan : I have a lot of relatives who hate me now.
Ryan : So, the warrant on Cordero's phone finally came through.
Ryan : Whoever this Armando Garcia is, it has something to do with Venezuela.
Beckett : That's where Peter was from.
Esposito : Yeah. That first call, confirming the $25 million?
Esposito : It was made to a bank in Venezuela.
Ryan : The second call was to
Ryan : the Venezuela consulate right here in the city.
UNK: It was the direct line of a senior official there, a Luis Delgado.
BECKETT : Clandestine wire transfers,
UNK: a high-ranking consulate official, all circling around
Beckett : the mysterious Armando Garcia.
Beckett : What was Cordero doing?
Castle : I don't know, but I can't wait to find out.
Castle : Swiss bank accounts, secret money transfers,
Castle : it's got international intrigue written all over it.
UNK: Venezuelan Diplomat : It was just a simple passport request.
Castle : - A passport request? - DELGADO : Yes.
UNK: Venezuelan Diplomat : That's why he called.
Beckett : What about the money?
UNK: I'm afraid I don't know anything about any money.
Castle : Really? I suppose you've never heard of Armando Garcia either.
DELGADO : Armando Garcia?
UNK: Venezuelan Diplomat : Yes, of course I've heard of Armando Garcia.
BOTH : You have?
UNK: Venezuelan Diplomat : That's who I got the passport for.
Beckett : Wait, I thought that the passport was for Peter Cordero.
DELGADO : Yes,
UNK: Venezuelan Diplomat : Peter Cordero. Armando Garcia.
UNK: Venezuelan Diplomat : It's the same guy.
UNK: Venezuelan Diplomat : When his aunt and uncle moved him to New York,
UNK: Venezuelan Diplomat : he changed his name to fit in.
UNK: Venezuelan Diplomat : But his birth name was Armando Garcia.
Beckett : He was sending the money to himself.
UNK: And you said he was requesting a passport. A Venezuelan passport?
DELGADO : Yes, of course.
UNK: Venezuelan Diplomat : Cordero applied to reestablish his Venezuelan citizenship
UNK: Venezuelan Diplomat : and we were more than happy to oblige.
Castle : Under the name Armando Garcia.
Gates : That's right.
UNK: But there was something odd about his request.
UNK: Venezuelan Diplomat : He asked to pick up the passport in Mexico City.
Beckett : Mexico City? Did he say why?
DELGADO : No.
UNK: Venezuelan Diplomat : But he was supposed to get it yesterday at our embassy there.
UNK: Venezuelan Diplomat : He had booked a flight from Mexico City to Caracas that night.
GATES : He was running away?
Beckett : Not just running away. Changing his identity completely.
Gates : He never intended to testify.
Gates : He was just stringing my sister along until he could escape.
Castle : All he had to do was drive to Mexico.
Castle : Once he boarded that flight to Caracas under his new identity,
UNK: paid for it with a new credit card,
Castle : Peter Cordero would cease to exist. Your sister would never find him.
BECKETT : But he wasn't going to leave empty-handed.
Beckett : So he made one last desperate deal.
CASTLE : The night he was killed,
Castle : he was preparing to disappear forever, along with the $25 million.
UNK: You don't just conjure $25 million out of thin air. It came from somewhere.
Castle : And given the circumstances, nowhere legal.
GATES : If you're right,
Gates : it'll destroy my sister's case.
Gates : All his testimony will be tainted.
Beckett : So, what do you want us to do?
Gates : Find the truth.
Castle : In order to do that, we need to know where the money came from.
Castle : And there's no way to find out.
RYAN : Uh, maybe there is.
Ryan : You know that secret Armando Garcia credit card,
Ryan : you know, the one he used to buy the plane tickets?
Ryan : We found another charge on it.
Ryan : For a computer station he rented at an Internet café.