Esposito : He was there the exact same time that $25 million showed up in his account.
UNK: So whatever he was doing there was related to the transfer.
RYAN : That café has security video.
Ryan : If we can get a look at the computer screen
Ryan : or Peter's fingers on the keyboard,
Ryan : maybe we can figure out where that money came from.
Gates : And why he was killed.
UNK: Sir, uh, you okay?
UNK: Uh, just trying to figure out how to tell my sister
Gates : her case is compromised without her blaming me.
Beckett : Why would she blame you? I mean, you're just doing your job.
Gates : There's a history.
UNK: Mmm.
UNK: 1998.
Gates : I had just been made head of Internal Affairs.
Gates : Elizabeth was in the DA's Office.
Gates : We called ourselves the dynamic duo.
Gates : At the time, Elizabeth was closing in
Gates : on a heroin ring in East New York and they had an undercover inside.
Gates : His testimony was key to the case, but...
Beckett : He was dirty?
UNK: He'd skimmed a few eight balls
UNK: off the very bust Elizabeth was building her case around.
Gates : When my office caught him reselling it,
Gates : she came to me, begged me not to file charges.
Gates : Asked me to think of the greater good.
Gates : I did my job that day, too.
Gates : Hasn't been the same between us since.
UNK: - KNOCKS ON DOOR - ESPOSITO : Security video is in.
Ryan : There's Cordero.
CASTLE : But the angle is over the monitor, we can't see the screen.
BECKETT : Or the keyboard.
Beckett : There's no way to tell what he's doing.
GATES : Wait a minute, wait.
UNK: Who is that?
Castle : Take a look at the time code.
Castle : It's right around the moment
UNK: the $25 million got into Cordero's Swiss bank account.
Beckett : It's him. He transferred the money to Cordero.
Gates : A covert transfer from an untraceable IP address,
Gates : paid for under an alias.
UNK: These people took extraordinary measures
Gates : to keep from being discovered.
BECKETT : Zoom in. Freeze it.
Beckett : Wait. That's Cordero's boss. That's Jamie Berman.
UNK: Why would Berman secretly pay Cordero $25 million?
Beckett : Only one reason. Cordero must've told Berman
Beckett : about the US Attorney's investigation.
UNK: And Berman was paying him to throw the case.
UNK: If Berman was paying Cordero to throw the case,
Beckett : then the recordings from his wire were all lies.
UNK: Berman was feeding
Beckett : the US Attorney's Office false evidence.
Gates : And if Elizabeth was building her case on that,
UNK: she would've been torn apart by the defense.
UNK: Keeping her out of Berman's business for quite a while, if not forever.
Gates : All this time, my sister thought she was taking down Berman,
Gates : when he was really trying to take down her.
Beckett : The one thing it doesn't explain, though, is why Cordero was killed.
UNK: Berman's up to his eyeballs in this.
Gates : You bring him in here and find out what he knows.
Beckett : Yes, sir.
BERMAN : I'm afraid you're mistaken, Detective.
Burman : I didn't transfer any money to Mr. Cordero.
UNK: Certainly not $25 million.
BECKETT : And yet, the moment that
UNK: you pressed that button, $25 million showed up in Cordero's account.
Lawyer : You have no evidence that account belongs to Mr. Cordero.
Lawyer : Just as you have no evidence that money came from my client.
Castle : Then why were you with him in that Internet café?
Burman : They have good coffee.
Beckett : I think there's a reason why you went out of your way
Beckett : to keep that transfer a secret.
Beckett : I think Cordero told you
Beckett : that he was being forced to be an informant for the US Attorney.
Beckett : And knowing that he would never be able to work again,
Beckett : he struck a deal with you.
UNK: $25 million
Beckett : in exchange for providing false evidence
Beckett : to undermine the investigation.
Castle : What investigation?
Beckett : You know exactly what investigation.
Beckett : And when you found out that he wasn't going to finish the job,
Beckett : that he was going to leave town and take your money with him,
Beckett : you had him killed.
Beckett : And then you took the wire that you knew he was wearing
Beckett : to cover up any recorded evidence of the murder.
Lawyer : That's all wild speculation.
Burman : Not to mention you have your facts wrong.
Burman : You said Peter was wearing his wire when he was killed?
Burman : I'm afraid that's not possible.
Castle : So you knew about the wire?
Castle : You admit you were in on it with him?
UNK: Jamie...
Burman : It's not illegal to know.
Burman : And I guarantee you, you will never link me to that payment.
Burman : So you'll never be able to prove witness tampering.
Burman : But, yeah, I knew about the wire.
Burman : And Peter wasn't wearing it when he was killed
Burman : because he had already left it for the feds
Burman : at the dead drop at Lafayette and Spring.
Beckett : How do you even...
Beckett : The walk that you took together. You were with him.
Burman : I saw him go into the mailbox store, and put it into one of those boxes.
Gates : Thank you for coming.