UNK: And how did he seem?
Maria : Stressed, actually.
Esposito : Did he say what about?
UNK: No. I don't know.
Maria : When I asked him, he said something happened at work,
Maria : but it wasn't anything he couldn't handle.
BECKETT : JP Harding Investment Bank.
Beckett : This place is either the engine of capitalism
Beckett : or the poster child of greed and corruption,
Beckett : depending on which paper you read.
Castle : Maybe the invisible hand of the market killed Peter.
Castle : It would explain the lack of defensive wounds.
UNK: You know, a prep school buddy of mine came to work here out of college.
Castle : He made a quarter of a billion dollars before he was 30,
Castle : retired and bought an island.
Beckett : Wait, he owns his own island?
Beckett : We should definitely invite him to the wedding.
UNK: Excuse me. Hi, I'm Detective Beckett.
Beckett : We need to speak with Peter Cordero's boss.
UNK: Jamie Berman, I believe?
Receptionist : Can I tell him what it's regarding?
BERMAN : Killing.
UNK: Jamie Burman : Are you capable of it?
UNK: Jamie Burman : Because if you are, I will make you rich.
UNK: Jamie Burman : Goldman just poached
UNK: Jamie Burman : Consolidated's pension account from us this morning.
UNK: So, I am offering a bounty. Neal.
Neal : A million dollars
UNK: to the first son of a bitch at this table
Neal : to poach an account back from Goldman.
Burman : It's open season, guys. Open hunting season.
Burman : I want you to make them bleed!
Beckett : - Excuse me. - BANGING ON TABLE
UNK: - ALL : Yeah. - Let's go!
UNK: Excuse me, Mr. Berman!
Beckett : Detective Beckett. Could we have a word, please?
Burman : I told you SEC pricks to talk to my lawyer.
UNK: I'm not SEC. I'm NYPD. Homicide.
UNK: Homicide?
Burman : I apologize for the theatrics, Detective.
Burman : But in this world, it gets results.
Castle : And here I thought the stories of Wall Street excess were exaggerated.
UNK: Mr. Berman, I understand that Peter Cordero reported directly to you.
Burman : Yes, he was my best commodities trader.
Burman : And one of the nicest guys you'll ever meet.
UNK: In this part of the world, anyway.
Burman : Do you have any leads?
Beckett : Uh, just one.
Beckett : Do you recognize this woman?
Burman : No. I'm afraid I don't.
Beckett : Well, according to Peter Cordero's family,
Beckett : he was having some trouble here at work.
Beckett : Do you have any idea what that might have been?
Burman : No idea. In fact, he was having one of the best months he's ever had.
UNK: And what about his clients? Any problems there?
Burman : No, Pete was a rising star. His clients loved him. But...
Beckett : But what?
Burman : Last week, I was taking the stairs to the 65th floor.
Burman : My version of exercise.
Burman : And I saw Peter in the stairwell with this guy who looked like a gangbanger,
Burman : all tatted up his neck,
Burman : big scar on his cheek.
Burman : Not the kind of guy you ever see down here.
Burman : And he was handing Peter a package, about yay big.
Burman : When Peter saw me, he looked guilty as hell,
Burman : so I just kept walking.
Castle : And you didn't ask him about it?
Burman : Yeah, I did later,
Burman : but he said it was nothing, so I just let it go.
Beckett : You saw a gangbanger in your stairwell, and you just let it go?
UNK: This is a high-stress environment, Detective.
Burman : We don't ask a lot of questions
Burman : about what our people do to... To get through the day.
UNK: Okay. Do you think you could describe him to a sketch artist?
Burman : - I think so. - CELL PHONE CHIMES
Beckett : Great. I need the names of all of Peter's associates here at work.
Burman : Of course.
Beckett : Lanie's got something for us.
LANIE : Still no indication of defensive wounds,