Gates : US Attorney for the Southern District. That's a really big deal.
Castle : Why hasn't Gates ever mentioned her before?
Beckett : I don't know, but there was definitely a subtle chill between the two of them.
Castle : A subtle chill? More like a polar vortex.
Castle : I'm guessing something happened between them in the past.
Castle : Something deeply personal that Gates does not want us to know about.
Castle : I'll give you a dollar if you ask her.
Beckett : - No way. - Come on, aren't you curious?
Beckett : Yeah, but I like my job too much.
UNK: Hey. So, uh, there may be something to the US Attorney's theory.
Ryan : I checked Cordero's calendar.
UNK: He was scheduled to meet with Berman at 5 : 00 p.m. Yesterday.
Ryan : And whatever they talked about,
Ryan : - it got heated. - How do you know that?
Ryan : According to building security,
Ryan : the two of them left shortly after,
Ryan : and seemed to be in the middle of a fight.
Burman : Yeah, Peter and I had words yesterday. So what?
Beckett : So you didn't tell us about that when we talked this morning.
Burman : 'Cause it wasn't relevant.
CASTLE : How is it not relevant?
UNK: A video shows you leaving together. Two hours later, he's dead.
Burman : It's not relevant because I didn't kill him.
Burman : Honestly, Detective,
Burman : what would be my motive?
Beckett : What exactly were the two of you arguing about?
Burman : A business deal.
Castle : You looked pretty worked up for a business deal.
Burman : There was a lot riding on it.
Beckett : What was the deal?
Burman : Client confidentiality, Detective. I'm not at liberty to discuss it.
Castle : You had a meeting with Peter before that.
Castle : What were you speaking about then?
Burman : Other financial matters.
Castle : What kind of financial matters?
Burman : Sensitive ones.
Burman : Any discussion of which,
Burman : even with law enforcement, would be considered insider trading.
Burman : So, unless you have a subpoena...
Beckett : Who else was at the meeting?
Burman : Just the two of us.
Beckett : And what did you do after you left the lobby?
UNK: Well, we walked up Lafayette and parted ways around Spring.
BECKETT : What time was that?
UNK: Around 6 : 15.
UNK: And where were you between 8 : 00 and 10 : 00?
Burman : At my usual table at Le Cirque.
Burman : Feel free to check.
Neal : It's time.
Burman : Now, if you'll excuse me, I have a conference call with the Fed.
Burman : Oh, and if you want to talk to me again, Detective, call my lawyer.
UNK: Le Cirque confirms that Berman was there from 8 : 00 p.m. Till 10 : 25.
UNK: It couldn't have been him.
UNK: Because a guy like Berman isn't going to get his hands dirty.
UNK: He's gonna hire someone.
Castle : Your sister's right. Berman is behind this.
Castle : - Speaking of your sister... - Let's not.
UNK: If Berman is behind this, he will do everything he can to protect himself.
BECKETT : Knowing that the feds are watching him,
Beckett : he would be careful to cover his tracks.
Beckett : It's going to be next to impossible to trace this back to him.
Castle : So, all we're really sure of is that the sketch he gave us
Castle : is a load of fictitious crap meant to send us in the wrong direction.
Esposito : It's not as fictitious as you think.
Esposito : I just got the ballistics back on the bullet that killed Cordero.
UNK: Striations match a slug
Esposito : that was pulled from a robbery shooting at a bodega in the Bronx
Esposito : three months ago.
Esposito : The detectives couldn't make a case,
Esposito : but their three best suspects were gang members, including this guy.
Castle : Same guy.
Gates : Same gun.
Beckett : Hector Nunez?
Esposito : Yeah, runs the South Bronx territory of Los Caballeros gang.
Esposito : Priors include assault, attempted manslaughter,
Esposito : and conspiracy to distribute cocaine.
MARIA : No! You're wrong.
Maria : Peter had nothing to do with cocaine. He hated drugs.
UNK: Did you know he was arrested last month for possession?
Maria : That's impossible. I know Peter. He'd never use that stuff.