Castle : This is a long way from Wall Street.
Beckett : This doesn't make any sense.
Beckett : If Peter was into drugs, he had enough money
Beckett : to get them from downtown.
Beckett : Why would he risk getting them from someone
UNK: that he knew was dangerous?
Castle : There it is. El Baile club.
Beckett : Yeah, unofficial headquarters of Los Caballeros.
UNK: Stick close.
Beckett : If Hector's as dangerous as advertised, things might get a little hairy.
UNK: "Hairy" is my middle name. That sounded a lot better in my head.
CASTLE : Are you sure this is the right place?
Castle : Those guys don't look very dangerous.
BECKETT : What about those guys?
Castle : Ah, you mean the heavily armed ones.
Beckett : We're looking for Hector Nunez.
UNK: Beckett.
Beckett : Hector Nunez.
Beckett : Detective Beckett, NYPD.
UNK: Detective, you shouldn't be here.
UNK: Hector Nunez : You could get hurt.
UNK: Such a dangerous neighborhood.
Beckett : Yeah, well, maybe I should take you down to my neighborhood.
Nunez : Let me save you some time.
Nunez : Whatever it is, I didn't do it. LAUGHING
Beckett : And I suppose you've never heard of a Peter Cordero either.
Nunez : What about Peter?
Castle : He's dead.
Nunez : Who did this?
Castle : Well, we were thinking you...
Castle : Might be able to tell us.
Nunez : I'd never hurt Peter. He was my best friend.
UNK: When we were kids, and the gang wanted to take him, I wouldn't let 'em.
Nunez : I knew he could do better.
Beckett : So, how did he end up shot and killed with your gun?
Nunez : Something was going on with him.
Nunez : He called me last week, first time in years.
UNK: Said that he was into some deal that was going to make him rich,
Nunez : but it was dangerous.
UNK: And in case something went wrong, he needed to protect himself.
Nunez : He said he needed a weapon.
Castle : You're saying you gave him that gun?
Nunez : Well, he said he couldn't buy one himself
Nunez : 'cause he was being watched all the time.
Beckett : Was that what was in the package you gave him in the stairwell?
HECTOR : Yeah.
UNK: That deal that he was into, was it drugs?
Nunez : Not drugs. Money.
Nunez : Something to do with bank accounts.
Nunez : Bank accounts?
Nunez : Last Thursday night,
Nunez : he came to me, said he needed one last favor.
UNK: He needed me to take an envelope to a manager at some bank in Midtown,
UNK: Suisse Federal something.
Castle : Why couldn't he just do it himself? Why would he need you?
UNK: Said he couldn't afford to be seen at the bank. It was too risky.
Beckett : What was in the envelope?
Maria : He said something about transfer instructions.
Nunez : It was sealed, but there was a bank account number written on the outside.
Beckett : Do you remember the number?
Nunez : I wrote it down, in case something went wrong.
Nunez : I guess it did.
UNK: Not the same six-digit number that was on his hand.
Nunez : After I took the envelope to the bank,
Nunez : I called Peter at work to confirm it was done.
Nunez : That's the last time we talked.
BECKETT : Hector's alibi checks out.
UNK: He was at Lady of Mercy Nursing Home visiting his mom when Peter was killed.
Castle : Mysterious financial transactions,
Castle : a deal so dangerous he needed a gun?
Castle : Seems to me there's a lot more to your sister's star witness than she knew.
Castle : Than she knew, or than she chose to tell us about.
UNK: Sir?
UNK: Yo, I talked to the manager at Suisse Federal.
Esposito : He confirmed that a bank account with those numbers exists,
Esposito : but he refused to give out any information on it.
Gates : Did he at least acknowledge it was Peter Cordero's account?
Maria : He couldn't, because he didn't know himself.