UNK: Richard Castle : What if we got married on the Cyclone?
UNK: The roller coaster at Coney Island?
Castle : Come on, how much fun would that be?
Castle : And talk about an appropriate,
UNK: if not slightly on-the-nose metaphor.
Castle : A bride and groom together,
UNK: side-by-side, as they go through the ups and downs, the twists and turns
UNK: and the loop-DE-loops of life.
Beckett : Castle, I love you,
Beckett : but I will not marry you on a ride, or up in space, or on a slide.
Castle : I bet Dr. Seuss got married somewhere fun.
Beckett : Yes, his wife's living room.
Beckett : How many people do you think can fit
Beckett : in one of those roller coaster cars anyway?
Beckett : Twenty? Thirty?
Castle : That's a good point.
Castle : We should determine exactly whom we are going to invite.
Beckett : Yeah. Good idea.
Castle : And that way,
UNK: we could determine exactly how big a roller coaster car we need to build.
Beckett : Or how big of an actual venue we need. Either way, I'll go and get the paper.
Castle : - I'll get a pen. - CELL PHONE RINGING
Beckett : And I will get the phone.
UNK: Beckett.
Castle : You know, there's a good argument for keeping the list really small.
Castle : Just immediate family.
Beckett : This argument doesn't have something to do
Beckett : with a certain amusement park ride, does it?
Castle : I'm being serious.
Castle : Getting married is an intimate act.
Castle : And our ceremony should reflect that intimacy.
Castle : And that way, we could all fit into one car.
Castle : Ryan. How do you feel about roller coasters?
UNK: Ooh, they make me nauseous. Why?
UNK: No reason. Who's our victim?
Ryan : Peter Cordero, 26. According to the super, he lives alone.
Ryan : He's a futures trader at JP Harding, the Wall Street investment firm.
Beckett : And how was he killed?
RYAN : A single GSW to the chest.
Castle : Looks like his own future got traded.
BECKETT : Yeah, not without a fight first.
Beckett : Who found the body?
UNK: Well, that's an interesting question. At 10 : 03 p.m.,
UNK: a woman made a 911 call from a pay phone down the block,
UNK: but she refused to leave her name.
UNK: A pay phone down the block?
UNK: But how would she know he was dead, unless...
Beckett : Unless she was in the apartment.
UNK: Well, lividity places the time of death between 8 : 00 and 10 : 00,
UNK: so if the 911 call came in at 10 : 03...
Beckett : She could be our killer.
Ryan : Esposito's checking security cam footage.
Ryan : Hopefully we caught her on tape.
CASTLE : Now, is it just me,
Castle : or is it odd that our victim is wearing
Castle : a suit jacket, tie, pants, shoes,
Castle : but his shirt is unbuttoned?
Lanie : It's odd, all right. And look at this.
Lanie : His shirt was on and buttoned when he was shot.
Beckett : So, our killer unbuttoned his shirt after he was dead.
UNK: Yep.
Castle : The killer was looking for something.
Castle : A pricey necklace? Or, a bunch of cash taped to his chest,
Castle : like Wolf of Wall Street.
LANIE : There's something else.
Lanie : I didn't find any defensive wounds.
Lanie : So, if there was a fight out there, I don't think this guy was in it.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Yo, Beckett. There are no security cameras in the lobby,
UNK: but I found one in a liquor store down the street.
UNK: It got a shot of that pay phone right when the 911 call came in.
Beckett : Okay, canvass the neighbors, see if anyone saw her in the building.
Beckett : Did you talk to next of kin yet?
Ryan : Well, the guy didn't have any immediate family,
Ryan : but he did list a cousin
Ryan : in Queens, a Maria Cordero, as his in-case-of-emergency.
Beckett : All right, bring her in. Let's see if she recognizes the woman in the photo.
Beckett : Castle and I will go to his place of work and see what they know there.
RYAN : Right.
MARIA : No. No.
UNK: Maria Cordero : I'm sorry. I don't know her.
Esposito : Maria, did your cousin say anything about having a girlfriend?
MARIA : No.
Maria : He said he didn't have time. Work was his life.
Ryan : Were the two of you close?
Maria : Peter was like my brother.
Maria : When he was 10, his parents died
Maria : in the big earthquake in Venezuela.
Maria : My parents adopted him and brought him to the States.
Esposito : Did Peter say anything about having any enemies?
Maria : No. Peter was a sweet guy.
Maria : He never forgot where he came from,
Maria : not like those privileged, silver-spoon types he worked with.
Maria : He was a scholarship kid, so everything he got was through hard work.
Ryan : When did you talk to him last?
Maria : A few days ago.