UNK: What? Are you kidding?
Castle : After the puke storm I put you through last night,
Castle : it felt wrong not to participate.
UNK: CHUCKLES Yeah.
Castle : Which, by the way, you were great last night.
Beckett : Thank you. You weren't so bad yourself.
UNK: Well, I was no Baby Whisperer.
UNK: STAMMERS You know, I gotta say, when I volunteered to take Cosmo,
UNK: I thought I was doing it for his benefit.
UNK: But I realized I was doing it more for mine.
UNK: I...
UNK: When Alexis was little, Meredith really wasn't around.
UNK: So, I did it all on my own.
UNK: And when you said you weren't a baby person...
Beckett : Okay. Okay, I get it. You were thinking that...
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: Okay, well, I'll tell you what. When the time comes,
UNK: there's no way I'm gonna let you take care of our baby on your own.
UNK: - RYAN : Hey, guys! - LOUD CLATTER
Ryan : Got something.
UNK: CHUCKLES Yeah!
UNK: Diapers!
Ryan : Same kind that Cosmo was wearing when we found him.
UNK: The cheap, non-biodegradable kind?
Castle : - That's just criminal. - What else is in the bag?
Ryan : A wine preservation kit. With, uh...
Ryan : Ooh, argon canisters.
UNK: Really? That's weird.
UNK: Ping-Pong balls, paddles and a net.
UNK: Ping-Pong balls!
Castle : Those are made of celluloid, highly flammable.
Castle : That's what caused the burn.
Esposito : Really? They were lighting Ping-Pong balls on fire?
UNK: Okay, get the bag to CSU, see if they can pull prints.
Ryan : Hey, look, a receipt.
Ryan : From three days ago, for the diapers from a Quick Mart.
Ryan : Person paid cash.
Beckett : Does it have a time stamp?
UNK: Here it is. 2 : 47 p.m.
Beckett : And there's our buyer.
Castle : Turn your head.
UNK: UNDER BREATH Come on. Come on.
Beckett : Damn it.
Beckett : Okay, a wine preservation kit, flaming Ping-Pong balls,
Esposito : a missing baby and a heist where nothing was taken.
UNK: Kate Beckett : I mean,
Beckett : each time we find a piece of this puzzle, it makes less and less sense.
Castle : There's something we're missing.
Castle : - Something that... - RYAN : Oh, oh!
RYAN : It's time! It's time!
UNK: THEME MUSIC PLAYS ON TV
UNK: Something that's gonna make all the pieces fit.
UNK: Shh, shh, shh. Quiet, everybody! It's starting!
UNK: Could you please... Thank you so much.
UNK: Wow, Ryan. How many of these things did you buy...
UNK: Shh!
Ryan : Baby needs an education.
UNK: Miranda Vail : Hello! I'm Miranda Vail,
UNK: Miranda Vail : and this is the Five-State MagicBall Lottery!
UNK: Miranda Vail : We have the largest pot in Five-State history.
Castle : That something we're missing?
Castle : I think we just found it.
UNK: - Sorry, Jen. - $247 million.
Miranda : Let's see if there's a winner out there.
Miranda : You could be next!
Miranda : Are you ready for your dreams to come true?
UNK: Yes.
Castle : Here we go.
UNK: Forty!
UNK: Officer Harrison : I've got that.
UNK: Nine!
Harrison : - Another one! - Yeah?
UNK: UNDER BREATH Twenty-two.
UNK: Twenty-two!
UNK: Seventeen.
UNK: Seventeen!
UNK: Thirty-seven.
UNK: Thirty-seven.
UNK: And the MagicBall number is...
UNK: - Twenty-eight. - No way.
UNK: Twenty-eight.
Esposito : - What the... - I'm Miranda Vail for WQ TI.
Ryan : How'd you know that, Castle?
Beckett : It's Cameron's lottery ticket.
Castle : And it's motive.
Castle : Esposito, you said that there was a TV station in the Colfax Building?
Esposito : Yeah, WQTI.
UNK: Right. The break-in where nothing was stolen?
UNK: Ping-Pong balls, wax, gas. You guys, it makes perfect sense.
Castle : They fixed the lottery.
UNK: GROANS
Castle : It wasn't a heist, it was an exchange.
Beckett : They replaced the official lotto balls with the doctored ones,
Beckett : which is why no one knew anything was missing.
UNK: They must've filled their lottery balls with argon gas,
UNK: sealing the hole with wax.
Castle : Under the hot lights of the TV studio,
Castle : the argon would make the balls expand enough they wouldn't go in the chute.
Castle : They would just bounce off.
Ryan : So only the balls without gas could fit through.
Castle : Yeah, they must have been doing tests,
UNK: exposing the gas-filled balls to heat sources,
Castle : and gotten them too close. And celluloid is flammable...
UNK: And that's how the fire started.
Castle : It all fits.
Beckett : And there's one sure way to prove it.
CASTLE : Seventeen.
Beckett : - No. No! - CASTLE : Thirty-seven.
UNK: Dean Seahorn : No, this is impossible!
Castle : And yet...
Dean : You don't understand. This can't happen.
UNK: The balls are hand-delivered in locked
UNK: and sealed briefcases by the lottery commission.
Dean : They're placed in a safe that only two people have access to.
UNK: And what happens to the case between the safe and the studio?
Dean : One briefcase is chosen at random
Dean : between nine identical cases just before the drawing.
Dean : The balls are then removed from the case,
Dean : weighed, measured, and then placed inside the machine
Dean : by people wearing rubber gloves, making this a statistical impossibility.
UNK: The odds against this happening are like...
Castle : - Winning the lottery? - SIGHS