Jimmy : But that was years ago.
Jimmy : Look, the truth is, I was the one who messed up that day.
Jimmy : I got hung up inside, Cam waited as long as he could,
Jimmy : longer than he should've.
Jimmy : I told him that. He knew we were square.
Esposito : Witnesses at Cam's work say otherwise.
UNK: Said you two were fighting.
Esposito : That afterwards Cam was scared to come back to the garage at night.
UNK: What?
UNK: No, it's just, I'm trying to get my life together like he did.
Jimmy : I thought maybe he could put in a word with his boss,
Jimmy : help me get a job driving.
Esposito : Well, that's funny.
Esposito : 'Cause witnesses say that the conversation was heated.
Jimmy : Because he wouldn't help me.
Jimmy : Told me he couldn't be around me anymore,
Jimmy : that that part of his life was over.
UNK: After all I'd done for him, keeping my mouth shut all those years,
Jimmy : he couldn't even put in a good word?
Jimmy : That's the last I saw of him.
Beckett : Mr. Wolfinsky, where were you last night?
Jimmy : I was with my girlfriend, out in Jersey.
Jimmy : I've been with her all week.
Esposito : What about this morning, between 6 : 00 and 7 : 00?
Jimmy : We were having breakfast at a diner. People saw us.
Jimmy : Look, I swear, this wasn't me.
Beckett : Have you ever seen this baby before?
UNK: No.
UNK: What's a baby got to do with this?
Ryan : Well, he's telling the truth.
Ryan : According to his girlfriend and her roommate,
UNK: he spent the last few days at their apartment in Jersey.
Esposito : And a waitress at that diner places him there during the shooting window.
Beckett : Okay, well, if Jimmy was telling the truth,
Beckett : then Cam didn't have any reason to be afraid of him.
UNK: Then why was he avoiding the limo garage at his 3 : 00 a.m. Lunch break?
Beckett : Maybe he wasn't avoiding it. Maybe something else was going on.
Beckett : Most limo companies use GPS services to track their vehicles.
Beckett : Maybe they can tell us where Cam was going all those nights.
Esposito : On it.
UNK: Sandra Whitman : Uh, excuse me, Detective Beckett?
Castle : - Yeah. - Hi.
Sandra : Sandra Whitman, Child Services.
Sandra : Sorry it took me so long to get here. This time of year is always bad.
Beckett : Oh, no, not a problem. He's right in the lounge.
UNK: Oh, great, thanks.
UNK: Um, uh... What's gonna happen to him?
Sandra : County facilities don't currently have any beds,
Sandra : so we're working to find a foster family to take him.
Sandra : I'll let you know as soon as we do.
Castle : Thank you.
UNK: You're so beautiful.
Castle : I don't know if we should just be handing him over to strangers.
UNK: Hi.
Beckett : Castle, we were strangers until this morning.
Castle : How can you be logical in the face of that face?
Beckett : Well, because I have to be.
Beckett : I mean, we don't know what's gonna happen to Cosmo.
Beckett : We can't get attached.
Castle : Is that why you won't hold him?
UNK: Yes.
Beckett : Okay, fine.