Beckett : The case that they had with them at the time
Beckett : was only large enough to fit one set of balls.
Beckett : You said that the set that you use was chosen at random.
Beckett : Who makes that choice?
Dean : Our lottery announcer, Miranda Vail.
Dean : But she's been with us for 10 years. She would never do something like that.
Beckett : Does she have any children?
Dean : Yeah. A baby boy.
Castle : How old?
Dean : Maybe three months.
Beckett : Where is she right now?
Dean : She said she wasn't feeling well. She just left.
Beckett : Okay, you stay here. That's evidence. Watch those balls.
UNK: INHALES
Castle : No. Not touching it.
UNK: Miranda?
UNK: - Miranda Vail? I'm Detective Beckett. - I'm sorry. I'm in a hurry.
UNK: - Please just wait. We need to talk. - No, I can't. I'm sorry...
Beckett : We have your baby.
Miranda : - You have him? - Yes.
Miranda : - You have Benny? - Yes.
Miranda : - Oh, my God! Where is he? Is he okay? - He's safe. He's...
Miranda : What about my husband, Paul? They have him, too.
Miranda : They called me three days ago.
UNK: Who?
Castle : A man.
UNK: He said they were holding Paul, my husband, and Benny.
Miranda : And that if I went to the police, or said anything to anyone,
Miranda : that he would kill them both.
Beckett : And did you recognize his voice?
Miranda : It was disguised.
UNK: He told me that if I wanted to see my family again,
Miranda : I had to do exactly as he said.
Castle : And what did he tell you to do?
Miranda : He said it was easy.
Miranda : All I had to do was pick the right set of balls.
Miranda : He would call me the morning of the lottery and tell me which one.
Beckett : Did he?
UNK: Yesterday at 5 : 00 a.m.
Miranda : He told me to pick the third briefcase from the left.
Miranda : And that if his numbers didn't come up that I would be sorry.
Beckett : Did you hear anything else? Anything in the background?
UNK: VOICE BREAKING No. All I heard was Benny crying.
Miranda : When do I get to see him? Is he here?
Beckett : He's on his way in right now.
UNK: One thing I still don't get.
Castle : When they came forward to collect their winnings,
Castle : you would know who they were.
UNK: How did they plan on getting away with it?
Miranda : They were going to hold Paul and Benny another couple of days
Miranda : until they could collect their winnings.
UNK: Once they moved the money out of the country,
Miranda : they were going to release them.
Miranda : But now...
UNK: VOICE BREAKING Do you think you can find him?
GATES : If Paul's still a hostage, he won't be for long.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : Whatever happened that night with his captors,
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : their plan is blown.
Beckett : Not necessarily. We checked with lottery officials.
Beckett : A second ticket with the exact same numbers
Beckett : was sold in the city just hours after Cameron's body was found.
Gates : A replacement ticket.
Beckett : They might not know we made the connection to the lottery.
Castle : After all, Miranda did as she was asked. So they may still come forward.
Gates : What if they decide that it's too risky? What if they discover that we know?
Beckett : Then Paul Vail will be nothing but a liability.
Beckett : And they will kill him.
UNK: Then we need to find him before that happens.
Ryan : CSU's going over Cam's car again,
Ryan : see if his partners left any trace evidence.
UNK: But it's gonna take time.
Gates : Time is one thing we don't have.
Beckett : And we're facing an uphill battle.
Beckett : Whoever these guys are,
UNK: they must've been damn good to get past that building's security undetected.
Castle : Wait. What if they didn't?
Esposito : What do you mean?
Castle : We already know they have one person
Castle : working on the inside of the Colfax Building, Miranda.
Castle : But what if they have two?
UNK: They would've needed someone to help them circumvent
Beckett : the building's security system,
Beckett : avoid the camera and rewrite all the logs.
Castle : The only person capable of doing that undetected...
Beckett : Is the head of security.
Castle : He works in the building. We spoke to him.
Castle : We may have already tipped our hand.
UNK: Not if he's being leveraged, too.
Gates : What do we know about him?
Ryan : Walter Dennis. Guy's an ex-cop from Albany.
Gates : Any family? Spouse or children they can use against him?
UNK: No. Guy's divorced. No kids.
Ryan : Listen to this. Dennis got fired from the Albany Police Department
UNK: 10 years ago for taking bribes.
Beckett : He's dirty.
Castle : They're not leveraging him. He's in on it.
BECKETT : If he's in on it, then he knows we're onto him.
UNK: He would've seen us taking Miranda.
Castle : They can't come forward now. They're gonna kill Paul.
Beckett : Dennis isn't at work. He left right after we did.
UNK: He's not at his apartment either.
Beckett : No, he's wherever Paul is.
ESPOSITO : Hey, check this out.
Esposito : I found a series of calls between Walter Dennis and Roman's limo service.
Beckett : Where Cameron worked.
Esposito : Dennis called there six times.
Beckett : Probably to plan the job.
Esposito : Only they weren't to Cam. These were made in the last two days.
Beckett : After Cam was already dead. So...
Castle : Who was he calling?
UNK: POUNDS ON DOOR
UNK: LATCH CLICKS
Roman : Come on, let's go. It's clear.
UNK: - Come on, let's get him up. - Come on, Vail. Time's up.
UNK: - MUFFLED SHOUTING - Come on, get him in.
UNK: - Come on, get him in here. - MUFFLED GRUNTING
UNK: - Get him in the trunk. Get him in. - MUFFLED GROANING
UNK: Sorry, pal, but the way things stand, we got no other choice.
UNK: - GUN COCKS - I think you do.
UNK: GUNS COCKING
RYAN : Come on. On your knees.
UNK: HANDCUFFS CLICK
PAUL : I never thought I'd see you again.
Paul : - Where's Benny? - He's on his way up now.
UNK: LOWERED VOICE Nicely done.
Beckett : Thanks. But, uh, Cam is the real hero here.
Gates : The getaway driver?
Castle : Yeah. Turns out it was a case of "honor among thieves."
Esposito : Yeah, Paul told us the whole story.
Beckett : When Cam's boss, Roman, found out about his past,
Beckett : he pressured Cam into the job,
Beckett : and threatened to fire him if he didn't go along.
UNK: It was gonna destroy everything he and his wife were trying to build.
Esposito : Roman promised no one would get hurt.
Esposito : But then after the ball exchange at the TV station,
Esposito : Cam overheard Roman and Walter Dennis talking.
UNK: That whole "leaving the country" thing was bull.
Esposito : They never had any intention of letting the Vails live.
UNK: Yeah. Before collecting the winnings,
UNK: they were gonna stage an accident, killing 'em all.
Gates : Silencing the only witnesses to their crime.
Castle : When Cam found out, he couldn't live with it.
Paul : He tried to save us both. But they caught him.
Paul : So he grabbed Benny and ran.
Paul : - He gave up his life for us. - ELEVATOR BELL DINGS
UNK: FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING
UNK: - BABY COOS - Look who's here!
Miranda : Benny! Oh, my God!
UNK: BENNY FUSSING
Alexis : My grandmother got him some new clothes.
Castle : Hey, buddy. CHUCKLES
UNK: SOBBING
UNK: WHISPERS Oh, my God.
UNK: FUSSING Look.
Ryan : Well, the good news is, I mean,
Ryan : besides saving that family, they are rolling over the lottery.
UNK: So I got another shot at that 247 million.
UNK: All I gotta do is tape my tickets back together.
ESPOSITO : Oh, dude.
UNK: INHALES SHARPLY They, uh... They already took out the trash.
UNK: LAUGHS
UNK: I'm just gonna let him swim around the dumpster for, like, an hour
UNK: - and then I'm gonna pull him out. - BECKETT LAUGHS
Esposito : Happy Thanksgiving.
Beckett : Yeah, you, too.
Castle : - Thank you. - Thank you.
Beckett : You know, I think I'm actually gonna miss little Benny.