Beckett : I've never really been a baby person.
Beckett : I mean, some people see babies
UNK: and they wanna hold them, they wanna nibble their toes.
UNK: And I've never been one of those people, so...
UNK: Oh.
Castle : I did not know that about you.
Castle : I suppose you hate rainbows, too.
Beckett : I don't hate babies, Castle. I just don't see the appeal.
Beckett : But I am sure I'll feel differently when we have one of our own.
Castle : Will you?
Castle : Will you?
Ryan : Okay, so we pulled GPS information
Ryan : from the past six nights that Cameron was at work,
Ryan : and nothing out of the ordinary.
Esposito : Until we took a look at his lunch hour. Check it out.
UNK: Every night at 3 : 00 a.m., he'd go off shift
Ryan : - and he would drive here. - TYPES
Beckett : The Colfax Building downtown?
Esposito : But he wouldn't stay long. Watch.
Ryan : Every night, he would drive to the same destination,
Ryan : - a block in Alphabet City. - CLICKS KEY
Esposito : Each night he would take a different route.
Esposito : - And he'd do it over and over again. - BEEPING
UNK: Only one reason I can think why
Ryan : someone like him would be doing something like that.
Beckett : He was practicing escape routes.
Beckett : Cam was back in the life.
Beckett : He was planning a getaway.
Ryan : We scrubbed traffic cam footage from the Colfax Building
Ryan : between the time Cameron left his house that night
UNK: to when he arrived at the church.
Esposito : We found this behind the Colfax Building.
Beckett : That's his car.
ESPOSITO : Two guys were with him.
UNK: 3 : 57 a.m.
UNK: Where are they going with that briefcase?
UNK: Don't know, but then, about 15 minutes later...
UNK: CLICKS MOUSE
CASTLE : Here they come. Same briefcase.
Castle : It's a heist. And Cam is the wheelman.
Beckett : What's in the building?
UNK: Uh, high-end offices, a jewelry store,
Esposito : real estate and law offices, a TV station and a couple of banks.
Ryan : I checked the blotter.
Ryan : There are no reports of any break-ins from anyone at that address.
Beckett : Well, they might not know they had been hit.
Beckett : Is there any evidence of the baby in the footage?
Ryan : Nope. Only three men and a Mustang.
Castle : So where did Cosmo come from?
UNK: Must be from wherever Cameron was
UNK: between 4 : 12 a.m. And when he was shot at 6 : 30.
UNK: Canvass the area in Alphabet City
UNK: where Cameron's practice routes ended.
UNK: See if you can figure out where those guys were holed up.
UNK: Castle and I'll head down to the Colfax Building.
UNK: Someone down there must know what these guys took.
MAN : I'm sorry, Detective.
Dennis : As head of security, I checked with all our tenants.
Dennis : As far as we can tell, nothing was taken.
Castle : Nothing? Are you sure?
Beckett : Uh, Mr. Dennis, how's your security system?
UNK: State-of-the-art.
Dennis : Good camera coverage, motion detectors.
UNK: We double-checked all our systems.
Dennis : No wires were cut, no alarms were triggered,
UNK: - no elevators called. - CELL PHONE BEEPS
Dennis : There's just no evidence of anyone entering the building.
Castle : Then how do you explain this?
Castle : Two masked guys entering your parking lot at 4 : 00 a.m.?
UNK: SIGHS I don't know.
Dennis : It's possible they never got past the parking gate and just gave up.
UNK: Still, we're gonna need to examine
Beckett : all the surveillance from last night, Mr. Dennis.
Ryan : Of course.
Dennis : I'll also get you a list of our tenants if you want to follow up.
Castle : A heist where nothing was taken.
Castle : Maybe this is a classic "no honor among thieves" situation.
UNK: You know, heist goes wrong, they fight.
Beckett : Where someone gets shot running away with a baby?
UNK: Not-so-classic "no honor among thieves" situation?
UNK: No.
Ryan : I mean, earlier, just got me thinking.
Ryan : Our baby's due in a month, and I can't stop it.
Ryan : What if I'm really not ready?
Esposito : - Well, you're not ready. - What?
Esposito : Nobody is.
Esposito : Look, being a dad is like being a cop.
UNK: Doesn't matter what they teach you in the Academy,
Esposito : you learn on the streets. You did okay with that, right?
UNK: Uh, my first day, I was so nervous,
UNK: I rear-ended a SWAT van and 10 guys in vests poured out,
UNK: ready to take me down with extreme prejudice.
UNK: Well, you care.
Esposito : That already makes you 100 times better than the dad I had.
Esposito : This is it. This is where Cam's route ended.
Ryan : Hey, Espo. Check it out. A bullet hole.
Esposito : Building's scheduled to be torn down end of the month.
Beckett : Making this the perfect hideout.
Ryan : Over here.
Ryan : We think this is where Cam's killer fired from.
Beckett : Is that powder residue?
Ryan : Probably broke the window with his elbow
UNK: before firing down at Cameron.
Beckett : This building is about a five-minute drive to that church.
Castle : Something caught fire here recently. Very recently.
Esposito : There's also signs of a fight.
Esposito : Blood spatter on the wall. Don't know whose.
UNK: And we found this.
Castle : Cosmo was here.
UNK: Okay, so this must be where Cameron got him from.
UNK: But what was a baby doing here in the first place?
Beckett : Get CSU down here. Have them tear this place apart.
Beckett : Prints, trace, anything that'll help us identify whoever else was involved.
UNK: Right.
Beckett : You okay?
UNK: Yeah. Just keep wondering about
Castle : whose blood that was on the wall of the hideout.
UNK: And every time I think about it, I don't like how the story ends.
Beckett : Well, I've contacted every business in the Colfax Building.
Beckett : No thefts and no missing babies.
Esposito : Hey. We took another look at Jimmy Wolfinsky.
Esposito : If he is involved, we can't find a connection.
Ryan : I spoke to Cameron's wife again.
Ryan : There's no indication of any new friends in his life,
Ryan : but they were having money issues.
Ryan : They were on the verge of losing their house.
Ryan : So odds are, whatever he was doing, it was for the money.
Esposito : But there was nothing unusual in his phone records
Esposito : and no activity that night.
Beckett : Well, CSU's just getting started,
UNK: and we're not gonna learn anything more until tomorrow, so...
UNK: - All right. Good night, guys. - Good night.
Beckett : We should probably get going, too.
Castle : You know, even though he'd been shot,
Castle : Cameron did everything he could to keep that baby safe.
Castle : That doesn't seem like the actions of a bad guy.
Beckett : Yeah, well, he's probably not a bad guy.
Beckett : He just made a bad choice and got in over his head.
Beckett : Now, come on, let's go home.
UNK: - BABY CRYING - WOMAN : Shh, it's okay.
Sandra : It's okay, shh.
Sandra : Hush, hush, hush.
UNK: - Oh, no. What's wrong, Cosmo? - STOPS CRYING
Beckett : - You're still here? - Yeah.
Sandra : I've been trying to locate a foster family,
Sandra : but because it's Thanksgiving week, no one's available.
UNK: I'm gonna have to bring him to the County Crisis Center
Sandra : until I can find someone who can take him.
Castle : I thought you said there weren't any beds.
Sandra : When it's this crowded, they have to double up.
Castle : There's no other options?
Sandra : That's the only place that can take an infant.
Castle : Well, what if we take him?
Castle : Wait. What?
Castle : Well, we've already bonded. I got all the stuff.
UNK: WHISPERS No, no! Castle, I told you...
Castle : I know, I know, you haven't been around babies that much.
Castle : Not a big deal. I got this. I'm the Baby Whisperer.
Beckett : Look, she's not gonna just give you a baby.
UNK: I'm sure that there are background checks
Beckett : and forms that we have to fill out, right?
UNK: Not if the baby officially remains in the custody of the NYPD.
Sandra : And you guys have done SINGSONGY an amazing job so far.
Castle : What do you say, Beckett?
Castle : Wanna have a baby?
Castle : Come on, it'll be fun!
UNK: CRYING
UNK: WHISPERS Sorry.
UNK: EXHALES
UNK: COSMO CRYING
Castle : This is so not fun.
UNK: Castle, if this was a part of your plan
Beckett : to turn me into a baby person, it's not working.
Castle : It isn't. Well, it was at first, but he was so good at the precinct.
Beckett : I thought you were the Baby Whisperer.
Ryan : I am.
Castle : There's something wrong with this baby.
UNK: Ooh, okay, so it says here that
UNK: "gently bouncing your baby should calm him or her down."
Castle : - Okay, okay. Okay, okay. - CONTINUES CRYING
Beckett : I have an idea.
Castle : Shh, shh.
UNK: Okay... You're making me look bad, kid.
Castle : Anything you want, okay, buddy?
UNK: You just tell me what it is, I will give it to you.
Sandra : Okay. Shh.
Beckett : Okay, here.
Beckett : Sit. Bounce.
Castle : Okay, okay.
UNK: CRYING SUBSIDES
UNK: BABY FUSSING
Beckett : Ooh, it's working!
UNK: Yeah. You're a genius.
UNK: CLAPS HANDS
UNK: SPITS
UNK: - STIFLES LAUGH - Do not laugh.
UNK: WHISPERS I'm not laughing.
Castle : - You do not laugh. Get me the towel. - I'm not.
Beckett : Okay, here.
Castle : Here, take him.
Castle : - Huh? - Take him.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Come on. Thank you. Here we go.
Castle : - Here we go. - Hey! Here we go!
Castle : - Not on the rug! - Okay.
UNK: - Not on that chair. - Okay.
Castle : Put him on the blanket. I hate that blanket.
UNK: We're going to the nasty blanket.
UNK: Yeah. Okay, good.
Castle : Hold him or he'll roll off.
Beckett : - Yes, yes. - CRYING
Beckett : Castle, I think he needs a change of clothes.
UNK: - Uh, get him undressed. I'll get a onesie. - Okay.
UNK: SINGSONGY Changing, changing.
Beckett : And a new diaper.
UNK: - Uh, all right, switch. - Yeah.
Beckett : Here. Okay.
UNK: Wipes.
UNK: Lotion.
UNK: SQUIRTS
UNK: Diaper.
Castle : - Onesie. - BABY FUSSES
UNK: And...
UNK: Victory.
UNK: You've done it.
UNK: - CLAPS HANDS - All right, you hold him.
UNK: - Okay, got him. - Here we go.
UNK: And I'll take care of this.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: LOWERED VOICE Uncle Rick's pretty funny, huh?
Beckett : I think you're pretty funny, too.
UNK: Ugh.
UNK: What?
UNK: Nothing.
Beckett : All right.
Castle : Now all we have to do is get him to sleep.
MARTHA : Well, you are a hungry boy. Yes, you are.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : Good for you!
Martha : Oh, well, look who's up.
Alexis : How long have I been gone?
UNK: ELEVATOR BELL DINGS
Beckett : Coffee's not even helping.
Castle : I'd forgotten about this part.
UNK: Whoa.
Ryan : You two look like you got hit by the milk truck.
Castle : You see this face? This is the face of your future.
Esposito : That bad, huh?
Castle : No, no, no. We slept like babies.
Beckett : Yeah, up every hour.
RYAN : Where's the little guy?
Beckett : Martha and Alexis offered to babysit him.
Beckett : They said they're gonna make a day out of it.
UNK: So, where are we on, um...
UNK: - ESPOSITO : Child Services? - Child Services.
Esposito : Still no reports of a missing baby,
Esposito : but while you two were bouncing junior on your knee,
Esposito : CSU reports came in.
Ryan : Whoever was there cleaned up after themselves.
Ryan : The place was wiped down for prints.
Beckett : What about that fire?
Ryan : Analysis of the burn showed
UNK: high-concentration nitrocellulose and camphor.
Castle : Charred celluloid.
Beckett : Just like on Cameron.
Esposito : That blood we found?
UNK: According to genetic markers, it came from someone related to that baby.
Ryan : But without anything else to go on, all we know is that they are related.
Ryan : We still don't know who either of them are.
UNK: Well, what about Cameron? He must've known.
UNK: We re-checked his phones, friends and financials.
Ryan : Whatever was going on, he hid it well.
Esposito : And since no one in that office building knows what our thieves were after,
UNK: we're back to square one.
Beckett : Maybe not.
UNK: Why? What are you thinking?
Beckett : Given how much baby garbage we generated in just one night,
UNK: and how quickly they cleaned and vacated that apartment
Beckett : after the shooting,
Beckett : I'm wondering where all their garbage went.
UNK: You take me to the most exotic places.
UNK: Look, if you didn't wanna jump in,
UNK: you could've just waited on the side like you usually do.