UNK: SNAPS FINGERS But, oh, oh... Yeah, yeah, yeah!
Roman : He had this, uh, tattoo on his arm.
Roman : It was pretty spectacular. It was a wolf, teeth bared, howling at a moon.
Beckett : Wow, a howling wolf tattoo?
Beckett : - That's pretty specific. - Mmm.
Beckett : If this guy did time,
Beckett : there should be a record of it in the prison tattoo database.
Ryan : Esposito's checking right now. Any idea whose kid this is?
Beckett : Uh, there's no reports of any missing babies.
RYAN : Okay. How about our victim?
Beckett : Well, aside from a handful of speeding tickets back in the day, he's clean.
UNK: All of his friends say that he was quiet,
Beckett : he was hard-working and completely devoted to his wife.
UNK: Huh. Guy takes off for work at 10 : 00 p.m. But never arrives.
UNK: And then at 6 : 45 the next morning,
UNK: he shows up shot to death at a church, holding somebody else's baby.
UNK: What the hell happened
UNK: - during those eight hours? - ELEVATOR BELL DINGS
UNK: BABY FUSSING
UNK: Hey. So, that's a couple of things?
Castle : Yeah, I just grabbed the essentials.
Castle : You know, uh, diapers, a carrier, wipes, blankies, bottles, formula.
UNK: Don't want little Cosmo going hungry.
Beckett : - Cosmo, huh? - Yeah.
UNK: We can't just keep calling him "the baby."
Ryan : Uh, why Cosmo?
UNK: It's what I was gonna call Alexis if she was a boy.
UNK: - RYAN : Ah. - A turkey outfit? Really?
Castle : It's a turkey onesie. It's Thanksgiving.
Castle : It was expensive, but it's adorable.
UNK: And like I said, my family dresses up for Thanksgiving.
UNK: Oh.
Beckett : I'm suddenly getting a clear
Beckett : and frightening visual as to what my future will look like.
Ryan : Hey, Castle, um, mind if I hold him? It'd be good experience for me.
UNK: - Oh, yeah! Absolutely. Here. Good. - All right.
UNK: Mrs. Ducane : - Ready? - Oh, yeah.
Beckett : - Uh... - CRYING
Castle : - Hold his head there. - I know.
UNK: - CONTINUES CRYING - Okay, hold him up under his...
Castle : I know.
UNK: CONTINUES CRYING
Ryan : He's crying. What am I doing wrong?
Castle : Just try to remain calm. They can sense fear.
Ryan : This is not at all like the practice doll.
Ryan : I thought I was ready.
Ryan : Clearly I am not.
Beckett : - All right. - SIGHS
Ryan : Oh, God. I'm not ready.
Beckett : Oh, he really likes you.
Roman : Oh, yeah. I don't know if you know this about me.
Castle : - Babies love me. - BABY COOS
UNK: WHISPERS I'm the Baby Whisperer.
UNK: Wanna hold him?
Beckett : Uh, no. I'd rather figure out where he came from.
Castle : - Well, when a... - Stop.
Beckett : Stop. I know where babies come from, Castle. Just not this one.
Beckett : I can't believe you don't wanna hold the baby!
Beckett : Everyone wants to hold the baby!
UNK: I don't wanna hold that baby.
Esposito : So, I got a hit in the, uh, prison tattoo database.
Esposito : - Check it out. - BECKETT : Mmm-hmm.
Beckett : Just like Roman described it.
UNK: Yep. It belongs to one Jimmy Wolfinsky, a.k.a. Jimmy the Wolf.
Esposito : Suspected in a handful of bank and jewelry jobs.
Esposito : He was arrested seven years ago
Esposito : and convicted when a bank robbery went south.
Esposito : He just got paroled two weeks ago.
Beckett : Any connection to our victim?
Esposito : Well, the bank that he robbed, Jimmy would've gotten away,
Esposito : but when he came outside the building, his getaway car was gone.
Esposito : Jimmy's partner bolted when the alarm sounded.
Esposito : Cops never caught him, and Jimmy never ratted,
Esposito : but witnesses were able to provide a sketch of the getaway driver.
Esposito : Look familiar?
Castle : That's Cameron Ducane, our victim.
Esposito : Our mild-mannered limo driver had a criminal past.
UNK: Looks like that past just caught up with him.
UNK: THEME SONG PLAYING
Castle : So, it's a tale of betrayal and revenge.
Castle : Cameron abandons his partner, Jimmy, when the heat comes down,
Castle : leaving him to take the fall.
Castle : Ridden with remorse,
Castle : Cameron tries to put it all behind him, start his life anew.
Castle : But, surprise, surprise,
Castle : Jimmy made parole after spending seven long years
UNK: of thinking of ways to make his old partner pay.
Ryan : No wonder Cameron was adding locks.
Castle : He didn't want to tell his wife about it
Castle : because he didn't want her to know about his criminal past.
Beckett : That's a great theory, Castle.
Beckett : Except where did the baby come from?
Castle : Ah. Maybe...
UNK: - Nope, I got nothing. - Hmm.
Esposito : I just talked to Jimmy the Wolf's parole officer.
Esposito : Jimmy's got an apartment in Queens.
Beckett : Okay, head up there, see if you can track him down.
Beckett : Whatever happened last night, he was a part of it.
Castle : Don't you worry, little Cosmo. These guys are the best.
Castle : If anyone can find your folks, it's them.
UNK: Except we have double-checked with hospitals,
Beckett : the FBI and the NCMEC, and nothing.
Beckett : If someone was missing their baby, wouldn't they have come forward?
Castle : Maybe they don't know he's gone.
Beckett : Or maybe they're not alive.
Beckett : I mean, we don't know what happened that night.
Lanie : Well, whatever happened, happened near that church.
Beckett : Lanie, what are you doing here?
Lanie : I had some information.
Lanie : I thought I'd come by
Lanie : - and check on my little patient. - BABY FUSSING
UNK: BABY VOICE Hi, little doodle bug. How you doin'?
Beckett : What makes you think Cameron was shot near the church?
Lanie : Well, based on the nature and the severity of the wounds,
Lanie : your victim maybe had only five or 10 minutes before he bled out.
UNK: Well, he couldn't have driven that far.
Lanie : Twenty blocks, at most.
Lanie : I also found something unusual under his fingernails.