Chase : Should be quick and painless.
UNK: Leona? What's happening?
Chase : Crash cart. She's not getting any air.
UNK: CT showed her lungs are Swiss cheese.
Chase : Ventilator's helping, but at this rate, her time's basically up.
UNK: We developed a theory, hemochromatosis.
UNK: Like good scientists, we tested that theory. We proved that theory.
UNK: We acted based on that proof and we treated her.
UNK: As a result of which, she is on the verge of death.
UNK: Is it just me, or have we discovered a flaw in the scientific method?
UNK: Walk me through it step by step. What is supposed to happen
UNK: when you give someone deferoxamine?
UNK: It's a chelating agent. And what does the chelating do?
UNK: It removes excess iron from the liver. How?
UNK: The iron is heavy, it gets stuck. Deferoxamine is like a lubricant.
Chase : It makes the iron slick, so it can move around again.
House : Moves around where?
Chase : It's supposed to be discharged through waste.
House : Her waste system is a little screwy right now.
UNK: Means the iron can't go where it wants to go.
UNK: What if it moved to her lungs?
UNK: Then whatever's in her lungs likes iron, bound with it, started poking holes.
House : What likes iron?
Chase : Oxygen attaches itself to iron, which increases her chance of infection.
UNK: No, we started massive antibiotics prior to the radiation.
Cameron : Some neurodegenerative diseases like iron. MRI was clean.
Chase : No iron deposits on the brain. Fungus likes iron.
House : No objections to that one?
Chase : If a fungus is doing all this, she's dead.
Chase : There are 25 antifungals, if we don't know which fungus...
House : When in doubt, go broad.
Cameron : Most common is aspergillus. Continue to ventilate her lungs.
House : Get her on a voriconazole drip and hope she has aspergillus.
Cuddy : The process is confidential. You violated his privacy.
UNK: But how did you even...
UNK: I looked up "loser" in the cryobank.
UNK: You wouldn't go within 100 miles of that idiot.
House : Yet you're willing to have his baby.
Cuddy : I'm not looking for a date, I'm tired of looking.
House : Cotton ball?
House : I don't care if you marry this guy, date this guy, go through his garbage,
House : but you should know.
House : Genes matter. Who you are matters.
UNK: Find someone you trust.