House : Turn around.
Cuddy : No clever comments about bending over? Not unless you want me to.
Cuddy : I'm just not used to House the professional.
House : I was just thinking about what your mother looked like.
House : 'Cause your father obviously chose her for breeding purposes...
Cuddy : Shut up. Natural selection sucks.
House : We pick our mates based on breast size, cars they drive.
House : They did autopsies on married couples, found a correlation in pancreas size.
House : We're hardwired to pick for stupid reasons.
House : You have the chance to pick for smart reasons.
Cuddy : I think the Germans had a similar theory about 60 years ago.
House : I'm not advocating wiping out entire races, I'm just saying
UNK: you don't wanna mate with the first plastic cup that buys you a drink.
UNK: I'm pretty sure you got that.
House : Microbes can be sneaky.
UNK: Thanks.
House : Twice a day. This is gonna be fun.
Wilson : I got it.
Wilson : So why were you friends with this guy?
House : We were 20 years old. He had a car.
UNK: If he'd been a woman, I would have married him.
Wilson : Is he a match? No.
House : Lying girl lucked out, we found one in the registry.
Wilson : Is he the dad?
House : I don't think so. You didn't run the test?
House : Said I wouldn't.
Wilson : Okay, so either you lied,
Wilson : or he has pictures of you being nice.
House : Stop the radiation.
Wilson : What the hell is that?
House : I have no idea.
UNK: Lab results on the black ooze. You're not gonna believe it.
House : She pooped out of her mouth.
Cameron : The sample contained stool and digested blood.
Cameron : How did you guess? 'Cause it oozed.
House : If it was in her stomach, it would've sprayed.
House : If it was in her lungs, she would have coughed.
House : This oozed, as in squeezed, as in reverse peristalsis. Who's hungry?
House : Mexican takeout?
UNK: In order for digested blood to be in her intestines,
UNK: she had to have internal bleeding.
UNK: Yeah, but for whatever was in her intestines
Cameron : to come back up, there had to be a blockage.
Foreman : Liver failure.
Foreman : There'd be no proteins to clot the blood,
UNK: so it would leak into her stomach, mess up her intestines.
House : Means, oops, we were wrong, because no autoimmune disease
House : shuts down an organ in two hours.
House : We need to do a liver biopsy, find out what the real problem is.
UNK: Hey.
UNK: Need to talk to you.
UNK: The good news is, she doesn't have an autoimmune condition,
UNK: so she doesn't need a bone marrow transplant,
UNK: and we were able to stop the irradiation in time.
UNK: The bad news, she has potty mouth.
UNK: Her liver is failing which has made her digestive system go in reverse.
UNK: It's actually much worse than it sounds.
House : We need to do a liver biopsy.
UNK: I don't know what's gonna happen when we stick a needle into her liver.
UNK: She could die right then and there.
UNK: Ease it. Tell me what to do.
House : No inside information on this one.
UNK: Look, Crandall, three days ago, you didn't even know this girl.