UNK: You gold-shield guys are always acting like you're better than us.
Esposito : We are better than you.
Esposito : Mr. Stone?
Esposito : Permission to speak?
Jared : Go ahead.
UNK: Uh, that's far enough.
Esposito : Look, whatever went down between you and Paul Reeves,
Esposito : this is only gonna make it worse.
Jared : This wasn't supposed to happen. Not here.
Jared : This wasn't part of the plan.
Esposito : Then we can come up with a new plan.
Esposito : One where you walk out of here. You can still do that.
Jared : It's too late. Police are already involved.
UNK: I know there's no turning back.
Esposito : You have to turn back, Jared.
Esposito : 'Cause if you don't, here's what's gonna happen.
UNK: The HRT, that's the Hostage Rescue Team,
Esposito : will wait for you to get weak and tired.
UNK: Then a dozen highly trained guys,
Esposito : armed to the teeth, will breach this car.
Esposito : And trust me when I tell you, they will not play.
Esposito : You'll be lucky to get off one shot before they drop you.
Jared : HRT won't come near me.
Jared : Not once they know I have this.
Lanie : Oh, my God.
Lanie : A suicide vest?
Gates : His left hand. That's a dead man's switch.
UNK: If he lets go of that...
Castle : Clearly, Jared Stone is not a whistleblower.
Beckett : He's a terrorist wearing an explosive vest.
Beckett : This was a planned attack.
Gates : I'll contact Homeland, see what they have on him.
Gates : Keep working intel on Jared Stone.
Gates : Obviously, this man is not at all who we thought he was.
Esposito : Jared, what are you doing, man?
Jared : It's kind of self-explanatory, isn't it?
Esposito : Look, I know you're an activist,
Esposito : and you're all about taking on the 1%.
Esposito : But do you see anybody like that here?
Gerber : Look, I may be a salesman,
Gerber : but just so you know, I'm not a big earner.
Gerber : Okay? I am barely scraping by.
UNK: Jared, these are working people.
Esposito : Your people.
UNK: You don't wanna hurt them.
Jared : You're right. I don't.