UNK: Officer Marisa Aragon : and you're telling me you were not about to tag this subway car?
UNK: Yes. I mean, no.
UNK: I need to see some identification.
UNK: I'm gonna have to write you up for this.
UNK: Jared Stone? Hey.
UNK: You're not in trouble, bro. But, uh, look, I'm just here to talk to you.
UNK: Don't!
Jared : Put your gun on the ground.
UNK: Now!
Jared : Put your gun on the ground now. Do it.
Jared : Kick it over to me.
Jared : Step back.
Jared : Nobody else move.
Esposito : - Nobody's moving, man. - All right?
Esposito : I just came here to talk to you. I'm on your side.
Jared : No, you're a blunt instrument. A tool of the 1%.
Esposito : Look, nobody's hurt yet.
UNK: So, this is just a big misunderstanding.
Esposito : So why don't you lower that weapon and we can walk right out of here?
Jared : Is that really possible?
Esposito : It is, yeah.
Esposito : You just have to put the gun down, Jared.
Jared : What the hell is that? Are you on the phone?
Jared : Everybody, shut off your phones and get on the ground, now!
Ryan : Javi? Javi!
Jared : Stay down, don't move, and nobody gets hurt.
Bella : This cannot be happening.
Tory : Please. Look, don't do this. Hey, don't hurt my wife.
UNK: Grant Gerber : Or the rest of us. Let's be inclusive.
Esposito : Hey, everybody, just stay calm, all right?
UNK: We're all gonna be fine.
UNK: Look, you're not in charge. I am.
Jared : I pulled the emergency brake.
Jared : Why hasn't the conductor come over the intercom yet?
UNK: Well, maybe he's... Shh.
Jared : You feel that? That's movement.
Jared : Like people are getting off the train.
UNK: Evacuating. How do they know?
Jared : Who were you on the phone with?
Esposito : Just a friend, man.
UNK: Oh, what kind of friend? Is it another cop?
Jared : Was it a cop? Huh?
Jared : I can hit redial if I want.
UNK: Yeah, he was NYPD,
Esposito : but that doesn't mean anything. Shut up!
Jared : Look, everybody, just stop talking, okay?
UNK: I gotta think.
Aragon : He took my service weapon.
Aragon : How did I let him do that?
UNK: Hey, it can happen to anybody.
UNK: Okay?
Esposito : I'm Javier.
Esposito : Javier Esposito.
Aragon : Marisa Aragon.
UNK: Jared? May I call you "Jared"?
Gerber : Grant Gerber. Salesman by trade.
Gerber : Which means I'm a listener.
UNK: I listen and learn what people want, so I can give it to them.
Gerber : Let me do that for you, Jared.
Gerber : I want to help you get what you want.
Jared : I think you'll get your chance.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : I've just been informed that Jared Stone,
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : a person of interest in the Paul Reeves case,
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : drew a gun on a subway and took hostages.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : Including Detective Esposito.
UNK: Captain Victoria Gates : At this point, it's not clear why Jared...
Castle : Hey, if anybody can handle it, Espo can.
UNK: But why would Stone take hostages?
Gates : Right now, our sole priority is to gather
Gates : any and all information on Jared Stone,
Gates : so the Hostage Rescue Team will know who we're dealing with.
UNK: All intel comes to me, so that I can forward it directly to HRT.