Marshall : None of you do.
Marshall : My dad was my hero.
Marshall : And he was my teacher.
Marshall : And he was my best friend.
Marshall : He always came through for me.
Marshall : And now he's just gone.
Marshall : And what am I left with?
Marshall : Thanks a lot, God!
Marshall : Thank you!
Marshall : You took my father...
Marshall : the greatest man that I have ever known
Marshall : and you ripped him off this Earth, way too young!
Marshall : And he'll never get to meet our kids, Lily.
Marshall : But we got this voice mail.
Marshall : Thank you so much for the voice mail!
Marshall : It's a great comfort!
UNK: Because whenever I'm starting to feel lonely or sad,
Marshall : or you know what, or maybe a little bit cheated,
Marshall : at least I got the sound of his pocket to console me.
Marshall : How is this fair?
Marshall : You know, like, an entire human life
Marshall : and it just ends
Marshall : for no reason, and...
Marshall : what are we left with?
UNK: Looks like I've been calling you for almost five minutes.
UNK: How's my pocket sound?
UNK: Sorry about that, buddy.
UNK: Anyway, your mom and I had such a great time seeing you.
UNK: I love you.
Lily : Looks like your dad came through one last time.
Marshall : "I love you."
Marshall : My father's last words to me are "I love you."
UNK: Marvin's voice : And let me know if you find my foot cream.
UNK: Marvin's voice : That fungus thing is acting up again.
Marshall : "I love you."
Marshall : My father's last words to me are "I love you".
Everyone : - We heard it. - Loud and clear.
Marshall : Bye, Pop.
UNK: So Marshall finally got up to speak.
UNK: Funny thing, though...
UNK: Then my father said the last words that he'll ever say to me...
UNK: "Rent Crocodile Dundee III.
UNK: "I caught it on the cable last night
UNK: and it totally holds up."
UNK: He decided to keep Marvin's real last words just for himself.
Trey : Thanks.
Lily : For what?
Judy : I know what you've been doing today.
Judy : And I really needed it.
Lily : Any time.
Judy : That dress makes you look like a Kansas City whore.
Judy : Sorry, dear. Last one.
Marshall : Oh, man.
Marshall : I should have rented Crocodile Dundee III.
Ted : Okay, seriously, how are you doing that?
Marshall : I'll be right back.
Marshall : If I don't come back,
Marshall : then these are my last words to you all.
Marshall : I really, really, really love you guys.
Marshall : Now I'm going to go drop a deuce.
UNK: Last words, it's a lot of pressure, kids.
UNK: It gets you thinking.
Ted : Hi, Dad.
Ted : Hi, Dad.
Ted : Hi, Dad.
Barney : Hey, Mom.
Barney : I'm ready to meet my dad.