UNK: Nathan Hale : I'm peeing my pants!
Barney : True story.
Robin : The point is, last words are overrated.
UNK: Look, think of it this way :
UNK: you get to hear your dad's voice one last time.
Marshall : I should go listen to this...
Marshall : alone, okay? I'll be back.
UNK: - So, I heard you might have... - You heard right.
UNK: I'm getting a reputation.
UNK: So, what you need, mama? Come here.
Lily : Guys, listen to what just happened.
Lily : Judy, do you need a break? I'm happy to cook for a while.
Judy : You think your snobby New York cooking is
Judy : better than mine... admit it!
Judy : Go ahead, Lily, why don't you just whip up a batch
Judy : of your fancy tofu sushi bagels!
Judy : And choke on them!
Lily : - Are you okay? - Listen!
Judy : I'm gonna go take a nap.
UNK: Judy's finally sleeping and it's all because of me!
UNK: Guys, I have a role. I'm Judy's bitch! Yeah!
Ted : This day is tough on you, too. You sure you can absorb all that?
UNK: Robin gave me a little pill from her purse.
UNK: I don't know what is it, but things are flowing pretty smooth right now.
Robin : Stay hydrated.
Barney : So?
Marshall : I couldn't listen to it.
Marshall : Guys, this is hard.
Lily : We know, baby.
Lily : But you'll always wonder, if you don't.
Lily : Your dad loved you.
Lily : It almost doesn't matter what he said.
Barney : It doesn't.
Marshall : Guys, what if God forbid...
Marshall : all of your dads died right now?
Marshall : What would their last words to you have been?
Marshall : Seriously.
Ted : I know mine.
Ted : When I was in Cleveland last month,
Ted : I went to visit my dad at his...
Ted : post-divorce bachelor pad.
UNK: Ted's dad : Been fun bro-ing out with you tonight, T-Dawg.
UNK: So glad we can talk about our sex lives now.
Ted : That's totally an improvement.
UNK: Ted's dad : I hooked up with a younger woman the other week...
UNK: Ted's dad : Donna Bromstead.
Ted : My prom date?
UNK: Ted's dad : How far did you get, T-Dawg?
Ted : I have to go.
Marshall : How would you like those to be your father's last words?
Ted : They might be.
Ted : Donna Bromstead's husband is a cop.
Marshall : Lawyered.
UNK: Lily, it's Dad.
UNK: Listen, I'm sort of in jail
UNK: for not paying taxes for the last 25 years.
UNK: But bright side, I thought of a great new board game.
UNK: "Tax Evasion", ages six to ten.
UNK: Which is, ironically, what I might be looking at.
UNK: Anyway, Pumpkin, I need $15,000.
Lily : Fooled ya.
Lily : Leave a message after the beep.
Lily : We'll get back to ya.
Marshall : Lawyered.
UNK: Robin's dad : And so, despite the endless disappointment you've caused me,
UNK: I pray
UNK: Robin's dad : that this will finally be the year you achieve something
UNK: Robin's dad : of actual significance.
UNK: Robin's dad : I'd love to stop lying to my friends about you being in a coma.
UNK: Robin's dad : Anyway, the point is,
UNK: Robin's dad : happy birthday, RJ.
Ted : That's awful.
Robin : No, here's the awful part.
Robin : You remembered my birthday!
Marshall : Lawyered.
Marshall : Now can we all just admit