UNK: 6x14 - Last Words 1.00 . : : www.sous-titres.eu : : .
UNK: Kids, when your best friend loses someone...
Marshall : My dad's dead?
UNK: You drop everything and rush to his side.
UNK: Only to find yourself standing there with no idea what to do or say.
Ted : This is the toughest time in Marshall's life
Ted : and I feel absolutely useless.
Ted : What can we do to help?
Lily : Don't look at me. This morning, Marshall said,
UNK: "I have to pee." And I said, "Don't worry, baby, I'll do it for you."
Lily : Halfway through the pee, I'm, like, "This doesn't even make sense!"
UNK: Well, I've been to a couple funerals, so I know my role.
UNK: I'm Vice Girl.
UNK: Whatever Marshall needs to get through this day, I got it right here.
Ted : Cigarettes, alcohol... Are these firecrackers?
Ted : My God, Robin, you somehow
Ted : crammed Tijuana into a purse.
UNK: Robin, hushing : Be cool, nerds!
Lily : Marshall's mom hasn't eaten, slept or sat down since we got here.
Lily : Wait!
Lily : That can be my role! I'll take care of Judy!
Robin : But doesn't Marshall's mom hate you... The fact that you two aren't very close?
UNK: Ted, whispering : Sweet save.
Lily : Judy and I aren't besties, but today, whatever she needs,
Lily : I'm there. I'm on Judy duty.
Ted : - "Judy duty." - She said "doody."
Robin : Really, guys? At a funeral?
UNK: Well, not all of us possess your lofty sense of decorum,
Ted : Drug-Dealer-From An-'80s-After-School-Special,
Ted : - we have to laugh today. It's healthy. - Wait a minute!
Lily : Today,
Barney : - we are gonna make Marshall laugh. - How?
Barney : What's the one thing that always cracks him up?
Ted : Internet footage of a guy getting hit in the nuts.
Barney : Exactly!
Barney : So we are gonna get our bro a four-star nad rattler.
Barney : You search knees, feet, banisters, fire hydrants and diving boards,
Barney : and I'll cover bats, rackets, hockey sticks, golf clubs and riding crops.
Ted : What about animals?
Barney : Claws, paws, talons, hooves, beaks and clenched monkey fists.
Barney : We can do this!
Marshall : Guys, sorry... I left my charger back in New York,
Marshall : - so my phone's out of juice. - Outlet or USB?
Marshall : Outlet. Thank you.
Lily : You really do have everything in there, don't you?
Ted : You're like Mary Poppins, if her purse was filled with drugs.
Robin : "If"?
Robin : The kids in that movie jumped into a painting
Robin : and spent 15 minutes chasing a cartoon fox.
Robin : "Spoonful of sugar..."?
Robin : Grow up.
Reverend : - I'm so sorry for your loss, Judy. - Thank you, Reverend.
UNK: We're so happy that you're going to lead the services today.
UNK: Unfortunately, I can't.
UNK: My daughter in Chicago just went into labor.
UNK: But I'm leaving you in the capable hands of my second-in-command :
UNK: Marshall's brother #2 : - my son. - Your son?
Reverend : You remember Trey. I'll go grab him.
Robin : Guys...
Marshall : Trey Platt
Marshall : terrorized me growing up. He was the toughest bully in school.
Trey : 'Sup Marshall.
Marshall : Long time.
Marshall : I was not aware that you had become a reverend.
Trey : Yeah, well, your lunch money finally ran out.
Trey : Kidding!
Barney : You could use a laugh.
Ted : This video is entitled, "Little League Coach Gets Hit in the Nuts
Ted : by a Foul Ball and Then Vomits in a Garbage Can."
Ted : I don't wanna give anything away. Let's just watch.
Barney : - See? 'Cause, 'cause he got hit... - ... right in the nuts,
UNK: The fat kid just keeps run away.
Marshall : I can't believe my father's funeral service is being led by
Marshall : Trey "The Noogie Machine" Platt.
Ted : That guy gave you noogies?
Ted : What, did he carry a stepladder?
Marshall : He made me carry it.
UNK: So, my dad has these questions to help create
UNK: a theme for the service, or whatever.
UNK: Question 1,
UNK: "What were your last words with the deceased?"
UNK: Barney, his voice breaking : Lame.
UNK: - Question 2... - Wait...
Judy : My last words with Marvin were lovely.
Judy : I've been thinking about them a lot.
UNK: Marshall's brother #1 : Me, too.
UNK: Marshall's brother #1 : We went for a hike in the snow and had this amazing talk.
UNK: Marshall's brother #2 : My last day with Pop,
UNK: Marshall's brother #2 : he taught my son how to skate.
Trey : This is clearly yielding nothing.
Trey : Thanks, Dad. Guess I'll have to fill the time with some jokes...
Trey : again.
Judy : "Last words" seems like a good theme.
Judy : Marshall, do you remember the last thing your father said to you?
Judy : - Bye, sweetie. - Bye, Mom.
Marshall : Son,
Marvin : there's something I wanna say before I leave.