Marvin : Could I snag that extra pork chop for the flight?
Marshall : I was gonna make a sandwich with that, Dad.
Marshall : Don't they have food on the plane?
Marvin : Yeah, but plane food is ass.
Marshall : "Plane food is ass."
Marshall : Those are the last words my father will ever say to me.
Marshall : Right after I denied the man a pork chop.
Lily : Wait! I'm wrong!
Marshall : I'm wrong! That wasn't it!
Marshall : They couldn't find a cab...
UNK: So my dad called up from the street.
Marvin : Looks like rain out here!
Marvin : I couldn't find an umbrella in your closet!
Marvin : You know who probably has an umbrella?
UNK: And then, well,
UNK: see, my dad grew up in a small town, in another generation,
UNK: so sometimes, totally well-meaningly,
UNK: he'd say stuff like...
Marvin : The Koreans across the hall!
Marvin : The Koreans are a trustworthy and generous people!
Marvin : I betcha one of the Koreans has an umbrella!
Marvin : Heck, they're Koreans!
Marshall : My dad's last words to me were a string of...
Marshall : odd racial stereotypes.
Robin : All that stuff was really nice!
Lily : It's positive racism!
Marshall : This is worse than the pork chop.
Barney : This next clip is entitled,
Barney : "Guy Playing Bagpipes Gets Hit in the Nuts by Low-Flying Seagull"
Ted : Let's see what happens.
Barney : Here he comes...
Barney : - 'Cause he gets hit... - Right in the nuts.
Ted : And then the fat kid loses his swim shorts.
Barney : - Shorts just fall right off. - No, wait.
Marshall : I'm wrong. That wasn't it.
Marshall : They couldn't find a cab, so I went down there.
Marshall : You were right. The Kangs did, in fact, have an umbrella.
Marvin : - Of course they did. - Bye, sweetie.
Marvin : Hey, son...
UNK: I just wanna leave you with a little advice.
UNK: Rent Crocodile Dundee III.
Marvin : I caught it on the cable last night. It totally holds up!
UNK: Crocodile Dundee III is the second-best of the Croc trilogy,
Marshall : so maybe I can live with that.
Marshall : Sorry, my phone's charged.
Man : I hear you're a woman who can get things.
Robin : I've been known to locate certain objects from time to time.
Man : I need vodka and dirty playing cards.
Robin : I got ya.
Lily : What is it?
Marshall : I have a voice mail from my dad.
Lily : You have a voice mail from your dad?
Robin : How?
Marshall : My phone's been out of juice,
Marshall : so he must've called me the day the he...
Lily : Baby, are you okay?
Marshall : I hold in my hand
Marshall : the last words my father will ever say to me.
Marshall : I'm gonna hit play.
Robin : What's wrong?
Marshall : What if it's worse than Crocodile Dundee III?
Marshall : I can't do this. I can't...
Marshall : My mom is about to collapse...
UNK: Wait... No, baby... Baby, I got it. Let me.
Robin : You should listen to it. Just don't put too much pressure on it.
Ted : She's right. I mean, this idea that
Ted : someone's last words have to be profound and meaningful?
Ted : I mean, who can live up to that?
Barney : Exactly.
UNK: All those "famous last word"" people supposedly said? They're all made up.
Barney : Like that patriotic dude,
Barney : Nathan Hale, from third-grade history?
UNK: Nathan Hale : My I only regret...
UNK: Nathan Hale : is I have but one life to lose for my country.
Marvin : You know what his real last words were?