Castle : - How do you know? - Because she blind copied me
Matt : on an e-mail that she sent to the head of the committee.
Matt : We were cool. What she was most concerned about
Matt : was getting back this research that I copied.
Matt : So, as soon as she was out of the running,
Matt : I brought it all back to her apartment.
Beckett : You know you are morally challenged
Castle : if your murder alibi is a blackmailing scheme.
Beckett : Yeah, but if he's telling the truth, then we have no motive.
UNK: Well, hello, gentlemen, how was your trip to the dungeon?
Ryan : Well, we learned that Esposito's not very good with laces.
Esposito : There were a lot of laces... I loosened them for you.
UNK: Yeah, sure.
UNK: None of the girls admit to Jessica
UNK: sharing any of her clients' secrets with them.
UNK: One of them thought that she might've been seeing clients
Esposito : outside of the dungeon, which might explain the hole in our timeline.
Ryan : But we ran through her phones and financials again,
Ryan : we can't find any record of it.
Beckett : How about you? I hear you have a suspect.
Beckett : Had. Matt was telling the truth. Jessica pulled out of the fellowship.
UNK: But if he was telling the truth,
UNK: then where's all the research he brought back to her apartment?
UNK: Given her concerns for privacy, she wouldn't just throw it away.
UNK: And we know she didn't take it back to the university.
Beckett : Well, maybe we missed something. Maybe she hid it somewhere.
Beckett : Or maybe Matt is lying about the research.
Beckett : So, you didn't see a stack of paperwork?
Danielle : No. I would've noticed that. Maybe she took them up to school.
Castle : No, it wasn't there either.
Danielle : Are you sure Matt's telling the truth?
Castle : Most people lie to avoid suspicion,
Castle : not a lot of people lie to incriminate themselves.
Beckett : That night that you came home,
Beckett : did you notice anything different or out of place?
Danielle : Now that you mention it, I did find something odd.
UNK: Earlier today I was emptying the dishwasher
Danielle : and I found a wine glass with lipstick on it.
Danielle : Didn't seem like Jessica's shade, and it wasn't one of mine.
UNK: I put it aside to hand wash it later.
Beckett : Recognize this shade?
Castle : If I'm not mistaken, and I rarely am, that's Mistress Red.
Beckett : Did you know that lip prints are a lot like fingerprints?
Beckett : No two are exactly alike.
UNK: Hmm.
Beckett : We found this on a wine glass in Jessica's apartment.
Beckett : What do you think we'll find when we compare it to your lips?
UNK: Lady Irena : That stain could've been there for months.
Beckett : But it wasn't.
UNK: We checked with your car service.
UNK: They said they dropped you off at 9 : 00 p.m. In front of Jessica's place
Kelly : the night she was killed.
Beckett : You were the last one to see her alive.
Beckett : What happened that night?
Castle : Did you find out who she really was?
Castle : That she was studying her clients without their permission?
Castle : I mean, if word of that got out, it would have destroyed your business.
Castle : That can't have made you happy.
UNK: Lady Irena : And you're grasping at straws, and that can't make you happy.
UNK: Lady Irena : Detective, at this time, I'm exercising my right to legal counsel.
UNK: Lady Irena : I won't be answering any further questions.
Ryan : Yo, how'd it go with Lady Irena?
UNK: She's lawyering up. What did you guys find at Jessica's apartment?
UNK: Well, looks like we found the crime scene.
Esposito : Irena was pretty good at cleaning up after herself.
Esposito : There was no trace or blood evidence,
Esposito : but the area around Jessica's bedside table lit up like a Christmas tree.
Esposito : It'd been scrubbed down with bleach.
Beckett : That's why we didn't find Jessica's research. Irena got rid of it all.
Ryan : Yeah, but she didn't quite clean everything.
Ryan : Once CSU stripped the bed, a swab test revealed dried saliva
Ryan : in one of her pillows from her screams as she was smothered.
Castle : Looks like she'd do anything to protect her business. Even kill.
Beckett : All right, lawyer or not, let's book her.
Ryan : Let's do it.
Martha : Are you straining those noodles or just my patience?
UNK: Hmm?
Castle : Oh, I'm sorry, just this case.
Castle : I keep thinking that I'm missing something.
Martha : Yeah, me, too. Salt.
Castle : Can you die from sodium poisoning?
Martha : Ooh, you have a point.
Alexis : Hey! That smells good.
Alexis : But I already ate.
UNK: Ryan And Esposito : Oh, no!
Castle : So, did you and Ashley do cheerleading practice?
Alexis : No. Turns out cheerleading conflicts with my fencing schedule,