Alexis : I gotta go.
Alexis : - Love you. - Have fun.
Alexis : Five, six, seven, eight.
UNK: Cheerleading?
UNK: So?
Martha : The time you wanted to play hockey
Martha : because all the cool guys in school were playing it?
Castle : Yeah, but I didn't join the team.
Martha : Well, no, because you knocked out two teeth in the first practice.
Martha : Darling, let Alexis figure this out on her own. Hmm?
Castle : This coming from the woman
Castle : who just last week told me not to reserve a seat on the space shuttle.
Martha : Have to rethink that.
Castle : - Really? - Mmm-hmm.
Ryan : Vic's a female, late-twenties. No ID.
Ryan : She was found hanging from the monkey bars by a jogger
Ryan : just after dawn.
Castle : Is that honey?
Lanie : From the smell of it, I'd say it's caramel sauce.
Lanie : But I'll be testing, not tasting.
Lanie : - Caramel sauce? - Maybe our killer has a sweet tooth.
Beckett : Given her state of undress,
Beckett : I'd say it's more likely he had a sexual fetish.
Lanie : I can do the chocolate, I'll even do the whipped cream bikini,
Lanie : but caramel? I prefer slippery to sticky.
Castle : Does she know we can hear her?
Beckett : Bondage cuffs, custom-made.
Beckett : Looks like our killer liked public play.
Castle : How can you tell the difference between custom and regular?
Beckett : The leather is too high quality to be mass-produced, and it's hand-stitched.
Castle : No, I mean, how can you tell the difference?
Beckett : So, time of death?
UNK: From body temperature, I'd say between 10 : 00 and 11 : 00 last night.
UNK: But I'm pretty sure she was not killed here.
UNK: Based on lividity, she spent several hours
UNK: in the fetal position after she died,
UNK: and then was hung here a few hours ago.
UNK: Petechial hemorrhaging suggests she was suffocated.
UNK: And then there's these.
Castle : Was she restrained?
Lanie : Looks like it.
Esposito : Yo, Beckett.
Esposito : Crime scene's negative for any signs of a struggle.
UNK: We found about a dozen partial shoe impressions,
Esposito : but the ground's too cold to get any imprints.
Ryan : But we did find this.
Ryan : Wheel marks, about 18 inches apart.
Castle : Rolling suitcase?
Beckett : Judging by the depth of the tracks,
Beckett : I'd say it was carrying something heavy.
Ryan : Guessing around 105 pounds.
Beckett : So, he killed her elsewhere, and then brought her here.
Esposito : Yeah, which means the crime scene could be anywhere.
Castle : Psychology doesn't make any sense.
Esposito : The crime scene was pretty elaborately staged,
Castle : which seems to suggest a significant amount of premeditation,
Castle : but the murder itself, suffocation, might indicate a crime of passion.
UNK: The guy covered her in caramel.
Ryan : Do you really think we're gonna find a logical explanation?
Beckett : Only a handful of bondage shops in the city do custom work,
Beckett : so let's take photos of those cuffs, send it out,
Beckett : see if anyone can ID where it came from.
Castle : "Only a handful of shops"? Okay, what aren't you telling me?
Beckett : So much, Castle. So very, very much.
Ryan : It's a little creepy doing this with you breathing on my neck.
UNK: Sorry, bro. I'd do it on mine, but IA checks browser history, so...
Ryan : Great. Thanks.
Esposito : - What does that thing do? - Looks like a potato peeler.
Esposito : That is nasty.
Castle : And illegal in 12 states.
Beckett : Yeah, you're right, that is weird. Okay, thank you.
Castle : - What's weird? - Lanie ran a SART kit.
Beckett : There's no signs of sexual assault or activity.
Beckett : This has all the makings of a sex crime, but there's no sex involved.
Castle : Well, maybe our psychopath believes in abstinence.
Beckett : It's more likely he has a performance problem.
Beckett : And there's no ID. Her fingerprints aren't in the system.
UNK: Ryan And Esposito : No, no, no, no. - How do you even get in that position?
Esposito : I don't know, but you should try that with your girlfriend, honey-milk.
Esposito : As a matter of fact, I think I'm going to buy this for you right now.
Castle : Oh, jeez. How do you even get in that position?
Ryan : Right? It's not even possible.
Beckett : Oh, it's possible. Anything on the canvass?