Castle : This place looks like a law firm.
UNK: What'd you think it was going to be? Torture wheels and women in corsets?
Castle : - Well, yeah. - That's in the back.
Receptionist : Welcome to Lady Irena's House of Pain.
Receptionist : How can I serve you?
UNK: Well, answer her!
UNK: You see what I have to deal with?
UNK: My boyfriend Ricky has an appointment at 4 : 00 p.m. With Mistress Venom.
Receptionist : Will you be joining him?
Beckett : Oh, yes. I have been dying to watch him squirm.
Receptionist : Mistress Venom would be delighted to have an audience.
Receptionist : Follow me, please.
Beckett : Do you think we could gag him?
Castle : Remember, my safe word is "apples."
Castle : You should bring your new boyfriend here.
Stevenson : Mistress Venom?
UNK: Lady Irena : Mistress Venom is unavailable, but I'm Lady Irena. I own this dungeon.
UNK: Lady Irena : I'm sure we can find another dominatrix to suit your needs.
Beckett : I'm afraid we can't. I'm Detective Beckett.
Beckett : I need to speak with her right now concerning a murder investigation.
UNK: Lady Irena : - Who was murdered? Jessica Margolis.
Beckett : The PhD student who was observing her sessions.
UNK: Lady Irena : There was no one observing her sessions.
Beckett : Are you sure? Positive.
UNK: Lady Irena : Privacy is paramount in my dungeon.
Beckett : You've never seen this girl?
UNK: Lady Irena : Of course I've seen that girl.
UNK: Lady Irena : She wasn't observing Mistress Venom. She was Mistress Venom.
Beckett : Well, this explains the marks on her body.
UNK: Jessica must've been wearing this before she died.
UNK: Like cruel shoes,
UNK: these outfits can leave marks for hours after you wear them.
UNK: She had three sessions yesterday. She left around 7 : 30.
Castle : You really had no idea that
Castle : Jessica was conducting a sociological experiment out of your dungeon?
UNK: Lady Irena : No. She came to me about six months ago.
UNK: Lady Irena : Quickly became one of my most requested doms.
Beckett : Did Jessica have any clients who were unusually obsessed with her?
UNK: Lady Irena : Of course. I mean, they all were.
UNK: Lady Irena : But her clients were submissive. Killing is an act of dominance.
Beckett : You and I both know that people aren't that simple.
Beckett : Men might come here for humiliation and torture,
Beckett : but it's easy to imagine that one of them might have been pushed too far
Beckett : and lashed out.
UNK: Lady Irena : If she was concerned for her safety, she would've told me.
Beckett : Do you have a list of Jessica's clients?
UNK: Detective, all the services that we provide here are perfectly legal.
UNK: Lady Irena : Now, part of that service is protecting the privacy of our client.
UNK: Lady Irena : I'm not about to betray the trust that they've paid for
UNK: Lady Irena : because you have a hunch.
Beckett : - I think it's more than just a hunch. - Well, gee, I'm sorry.
UNK: Lady Irena : Unless you have a court order, my hands are tied, so to speak.
Beckett : You're pretty well-versed in law for a dominatrix.
UNK: Lady Irena : Don't let the leather fool you. I used to be a partner at a law firm.
UNK: Wow.
UNK: Lady Irena : When you dominate and manipulate men
UNK: Lady Irena : in every boardroom and courtroom that you're in,
UNK: Lady Irena : this just seemed like the natural progression.
UNK: Lady Irena : It's called Mistress Red.
Beckett : Excuse me?
UNK: Lady Irena : My lipstick. I noticed you couldn't stop staring.
UNK: I'm sorry. It was just hypnotic.
Beckett : It's not you. It's her.
Castle : If you're so upset, we could find someone for you to go medieval on.
Castle : Like him, perhaps?
Beckett : She wants to protect her clients. What about her girls?
UNK: Mistress Sapphire : Hey, you the cop?
Beckett : - I'm Detective Beckett. - I'm Mistress Sapphire.
UNK: Mistress Sapphire : So it's true? She's dead?
Beckett : Yes. I'm sorry.
UNK: Mistress Sapphire : This weird thing happened last week I think you should know about.
Castle : - With one of her clients? Sort of.
UNK: Mistress Sapphire : A first-time client came in for a session, but he left just after a few minutes.
UNK: Mistress Sapphire : I found her in the locker room, crying.
Beckett : Did she tell you why? - No.
Beckett : This client, do you remember anything about him?
UNK: Mistress Sapphire : It was a week ago and I only saw him from behind,
UNK: Mistress Sapphire : but he was wearing one of those medical shirts.
Beckett : - Scrubs. - Yes.
Castle : You thinking what I'm thinking?
Beckett : Jessica's boyfriend discovered her secret identity.
Castle : And instead of proposing to her, he kills her.
Tyler : Jessica was the love of my life. Why would I want to hurt her?
Beckett : Because she hurt you.
Tyler : - What the hell are you talking about? You said so yourself,
Beckett : you wanted her to stop.