UNK: You were going to make her study something else.
UNK: It must've been a real shocker
Beckett : when you realized she wasn't just studying that world,
Beckett : she was living it.
Tyler : What the hell is this?
Tyler : This is crazy. You're telling me this is real?
Tyler : You're telling me Jessica was one of them?
Beckett : Why did you go to the dungeon last week? Was it to confront her?
Beckett : - The dungeon? - We have a witness who saw you there.
Beckett : It's completely understandable.
Beckett : The woman that you loved lied to you.
Beckett : I could see how you could lose control and go into a jealous rage.
Castle : And then, in a panic, decide to stage the body in a manner so unusual,
Castle : we'd naturally assume it was someone in the bondage world.
Tyler : I never went to a dungeon. There was no jealous rage
Tyler : because I didn't know.
Tyler : I was going to marry her.
Tyler : We just signed a lease to move in together three days ago.
Tyler : If I was so angry with her, why would I do that?
Beckett : He was telling the truth about the lease.
Beckett : Not only did he and Jessica sign the lease, but it was also notarized.
Montgomery : Doesn't mean he didn't do it. He could have had her sign to help his alibi.
Castle : Maybe she was afraid of him.
Castle : I've been thinking.
Castle : The dysfunctional relationship she refers to in her research.
Castle : There's a passage where she describes
UNK: Subject A as being afraid to tell Subject B that she's leaving
UNK: because he'd become dangerously co-dependent.
Castle : What if she was describing Tyler?
Montgomery : Maybe that's why she became a dominatrix.
Montgomery : To give her the courage to stand up for herself.
Beckett : We have uniforms combing through hospital security footage.
Beckett : If Tyler left at any point that night, there should be some trace.
Montgomery : In the meantime, let's just keep digging through those notebooks.
Montgomery : We're gonna need more than speculation if we want to file charges.
UNK: Great.
UNK: Dad!
Alexis : - Do we need to talk about this? - This is research for a case.
UNK: Oh.
Castle : And we need to get you some noisier shoes. Seriously, I...
Castle : - You made the team. - No. Try-outs aren't for another month,
Alexis : but Ashley let me take her uniform home to see how it fit.
Castle : And what do you think?
Alexis : I think it's totally not me, which is why I kind of like it.
Castle : It's not you, so you like it?
UNK: Yeah.
Alexis : - because you were bored with him? - Yeah?
Alexis : Sometimes I feel that way about me. Like I'm hiding inside my comfort zone
Alexis : and maybe it's time to venture out a little.
Castle : Well, does that venture have to include pom-poms?
Alexis : I don't want to look back on high school and feel like I missed out on something.
Alexis : So, promise you'll be supportive.
Castle : Yeah, I... I promise.
Alexis : Go, Dad!
Alexis : Move, move, move, get out of the way,
UNK: 'cause Bears are coming and we're ready to play.
UNK: Did you ever want to be a cheerleader?
Beckett : No. Did you?
Castle : Not me. Alexis. She wants to try out for the team.
Alexis : - So? - So? You see what they wear?
UNK: If she wants to join a team, why not join mathletes?
Beckett : Why can't she do both?
Beckett : Besides, kids try on personalities the way they try on clothes.
Beckett : It's the way that they figure out who they are.