Castle : What are you looking for?
Beckett : According to the security footage,
Beckett : the boyfriend never left the hospital during his shift.
Beckett : It wasn't him.
Castle : Maybe he faked the footage.
Beckett : He's an intern, not Jason Bourne.
UNK: Oh.
UNK: There goes my Subject B theory.
UNK: So Jessica left the dungeon at 7 : 30,
UNK: and she was killed sometime between 10 : 00 and 11 : 00.
UNK: If she didn't go home or to the university, then where did she go?
UNK: Beckett.
UNK: There's something in here you gotta see.
Esposito : It's one of Jessica's subjects. She calls him Sam-l-Am.
Castle : Because he has a Dr. Seuss fetish?
Ryan : Because he's a SAM, a Smart-Ass Masochist.
Ryan : According to her notes, a SAM pretends he wants to be submissive,
Ryan : but what he actually wants to do is dominate his mistress,
Ryan : - usually with passive-aggression. - Instead of asking for what he wants,
Esposito : he makes a game out of making the other people upset
UNK: so that he can be punished.
Beckett : Really? There's people like that?
Ryan : Only these SAMs can be dangerous,
Ryan : sometimes resorting to threats to provoke their response.
UNK: Listen to this,
UNK: "He said Mistress Venom was the one who needed to be punished.
UNK: "He said he was going to find her, tie her up, and drown her,
UNK: "but in something
UNK: "sweet, like caramel."
Montgomery : Sexual obsession and a description of the crime scene?
Montgomery : Sounds like our guy to me.
Esposito : Yeah, but we only got a nickname.
Montgomery : We have more than a nickname.
Montgomery : We have enough to force Lady Irena to turn over her client list.
Beckett : Judge Markway, please.
Castle : Oh, sounds like someone's gonna get punished.
Esposito : William Caraway, AKA Sam-l-Am.
UNK: Senior Vice-President at Stewart, Cabot and Sagansky.
Castle : The global consulting firm?
Castle : No wonder Lady Irena was protecting his identity.
Beckett : Castle, why don't you sit this one out?
Beckett : I think Mr. Caraway will respond better to a strong female hand.
UNK: Sam-l-Am. In a box. With a fox.
Castle : We're gonna need some popcorn.
UNK: Sit.
Caraway : First, why don't you tell me why the hell I'm here? I got a board...
Beckett : I said sit down! Now!
Beckett : Good boy. Your mistress would be very proud of you.
Beckett : Excuse me?
Stevenson : Mistress Venom? Lady Irena's House of Pain?
Beckett : You like to be tied up. You like to be spanked.
Beckett : But more than anything, you like to make threats.
Caraway : I don't know what you're talking about.
Beckett : There is no dominatrix-client privilege in New York,
Beckett : and your mistress was very thorough
Beckett : in documenting your deepest, darkest desires.
Beckett : The thing with the matches, how you liked it messy.
Caraway : She wrote that down?
Beckett : She also wrote how you wanted to turn the tables on her.
Beckett : How you threatened to tie her up and drown her in caramel.
Caraway : It's fantasy.
Beckett : But the fantasies weren't enough.
Beckett : And so you had to make your dreams come true.
Caraway : No. That's not possible.
Beckett : The more she said no, the more you became obsessed.
Beckett : You didn't want to be the submissive. You wanted to dominate her.
Beckett : And the ultimate domination is murder.
Caraway : No, I swear. I didn't even know she was dead.
Beckett : You were very specific in your threats, and that's exactly how we found her.
Beckett : Do you really expect me to believe that, that wasn't you?
UNK: Well, someone must've found out. Someone could've read her notes.
Beckett : Where were you two nights ago?
Beckett : Mr. Caraway, where were you?
Caraway : I was with my wife. It was our anniversary.