Castle : She studied these guys like lab rats.
Beckett : But she only identifies them by nickname.
UNK: Ladyboy, Pin Cushion, and Scared Bunny.
Castle : You know, if they didn't know what Jessica was doing
Castle : and one of them found out...
Beckett : Fear of exposure would be a strong motive to kill.
Castle : I wonder what attracted her to all of this?
Beckett : Well, according to her thesis proposal, she became interested in S&M
Beckett : after witnessing a dysfunctional relationship up close.
Beckett : Apparently, her dissertation compares
UNK: "the overt expressions of dominance in the dungeon
UNK: "to more subtle expressions in real world relationships,
UNK: "like who drives."
Castle : Hey, I would drive if you would let me!
Castle : That actually didn't prove my point like I thought it would.
Beckett : You know, it says here that Mistress Venom works in a bondage club
Beckett : somewhere in Dungeon Alley, but it doesn't say which one.
Beckett : Dungeon Alley.
Beckett : It's an area between Chelsea and Midtown.
Beckett : There's a whole slew of fetish clubs there.
Castle : Yes, I know where Dungeon Alley is. I want to know, how do you know?
Beckett : Vice raided a few of them looking for a reason to shut them down.
Beckett : But since there's no sexual contact
Beckett : and the acts are all consensual, it was all perfectly legal.
UNK: Hmm.
Castle : You know, you should moonlight.
Castle : Seriously, you would make a fortune.
Castle : Come on, haven't you ever wanted to do something with your handcuffs
Castle : other than arrest criminals?
UNK: No,
Beckett : but there is one hot, wild,
Beckett : kinky thing that I do like doing.
Beckett : Putting killers behind bars.
UNK: See? You're already a tease. You're halfway there.
Ryan : Hey, we tried to trace the creepy calls that Jessica was getting at her office,
Ryan : but since they were routed through the main switchboard at the college,
Ryan : there's no way to determine their source.
Beckett : What about the cell phone?
Esposito : The day she died, she placed a call
Esposito : to her boyfriend at the hospital,
Esposito : she placed a call to her voicemail at the office,
Esposito : and she placed two calls to Lady Irena's House of Pain.
Esposito : Lady Irena's House of Pain.
Beckett : That must be where Mistress Venom works. Did you get an address?
Esposito : Yeah. An office building on 38th.
Ryan : Conveniently located for all your lunchtime spanking needs.
Ryan : All right, you guys look through her notes,
Beckett : see if there's anything that's there that might implicate one of her clients.
Beckett : Meanwhile, Castle and I will go and meet this Mistress Venom.
Castle : Whips, women, and murder. Sounds like my lucky day!
Beckett : I'm so glad you're excited by this.
Beckett : Hi. My name is Kate, and my boyfriend has been a very bad boy.
Beckett : Yes, that's right. His name's Ricky.
Castle : What are you doing?
Beckett : Actually, a friend of mine recommended a Mistress Venom.
Esposito : - Wait. - Is she available today?
UNK: - 4 : 00 p. M? Sure, that's perfect. - No.
Beckett : Thank you.
Castle : Okay, that's very funny. Now call her back.
UNK: Uh-uh, Castle, this is the perfect way to get Venom without tipping our hand.
Beckett : What's the matter, Castle? You afraid of a little role play?
Castle : Yeah, you better run.