Alexis : my violin lessons, and French Club. Cheerleading's more of a lifestyle.
UNK: And as much as I'd like to visit, it's not really a place I'd like to live.
Martha : I told you she'd figure it out.
Castle : Well, we both learned a valuable lesson today.
Castle : You learned that you can expand your horizons and grow.
Castle : I learned that, if that involves short skirts and boys,
UNK: - I'm not going to like it. - Fair enough.
Martha : Fine. Now that you've both learned your lessons,
Martha : how about starting on the dishes?
UNK: We are gonna need a fire hose to clean this up.
Martha : I cooked. Someone else cleans up.
Castle : Clean up.
Castle : - Who washed the pillowcase? - What?
Castle : Esposito said CSU didn't find anything until they stripped the bed.
Castle : That means there was saliva on the pillow, but not on the pillowcase.
Beckett : You're right, someone washed the pillowcase.
UNK: But the washerldryer cycle would've taken at least an hour.
Castle : At which point, the roommate would've been home.
Beckett : Irena couldn't have gotten out in time.
Castle : Only one person could've cleaned the apartment.
Danielle : I don't understand. I thought you'd caught the killer.
Beckett : We thought so, too.
Danielle : If it wasn't her, then who?
Beckett : It was you, Danielle.
UNK: Me?
Danielle : Why would I kill my best friend?
Castle : In her research,
Castle : Jessica describes being in a dysfunctional relationship.
Castle : One she was scared to leave
Castle : because the other person had become so dangerously co-dependent.
Beckett : At first, we thought it was her boyfriend Tyler.
Beckett : But it wasn't, was it?
Caraway : I don't know what you're talking about.
Beckett : The research that Matt dropped off. Her research.
Beckett : Must've been very hurtful to read all the things that she wrote about you.
Danielle : Jessica loved me. She would never hurt me.
Castle : "Subject B shows all the signs of being a masochist.
UNK: "Completely dependent for a sense of self."
Beckett : We know you read the files, Danielle.
Beckett : That's why you staged her body that way.
Danielle : No. I didn't read anything. There was nothing here.
Beckett : - Because you got rid of it all. - You're wrong.
Beckett : It had to have been you, Danielle.
Beckett : You were the only one who had the time to clean up after yourself.
Castle : Judging from her office space,
Castle : Jessica wasn't the kind of girl to scrub her floor clean with bleach.
Castle : Jessica told you she had to get away from you.
UNK: She told you she was going to leave.
Danielle : She... She was everything to me.
Danielle : I thought we were family.
Danielle : But then she wrote those awful things. She had no right.
Beckett : What happened that night?
Beckett : She said she was going to move out.
Danielle : That she was done with me.
Danielle : I pushed her.
Danielle : She fell. Her head hit the table.
Danielle : She started to scream. She said... She said she hated me.
Danielle : I told her to shut up! I just wanted her to shut up!
Beckett : And then you put a pillow over her head and you suffocated her.
Danielle : I didn't mean to kill her.
Danielle : I just didn't want her to go.
Beckett : In the end, Castle was right. The murder was a crime of passion.
Beckett : The cuffs, the caramel were all just theater to throw us off.
Castle : I can't help but think that if Matt hadn't copied Jessica's research,
UNK: Danielle never would have read it and none of this would have happened.
Montgomery : Well, now he won't get his precious little fellowship or his degree.
UNK: But what about Lady Irena? What was she doing at the apartment?
UNK: Some of the girls thought that Jessica was working off the book,
UNK: so Irena came by to tell her to knock it off.
Castle : They had a glass of wine and she left. She just did it on the wrong night.
Montgomery : Yeah, but why'd she give you such a hard time then?
Beckett : Because she's a lawyer.
Castle : And a dominatrix.
Ryan : Hey, you made it!
Ryan : Guys, I want you to meet Jenny.
Caslte : - Hi. - Welcome.
Beckett : We've heard wonderful things about you.
Jenny : The same goes for all of you. I feel like I know you guys already.
Jenny : And thanks for being such a great partner.
Jenny : You know, make sure you keep him safe out there.
Esposito : You got it.
Ryan : We have a movie to catch. I'll see you guys tomorrow.
Beckett : You guys have a great time.
Esposito : Damn. If I had a girl like that, I might be whipped by her, too.
Castle : Now we know why he didn't bring her around sooner.
Beckett : So the two of you don't act like idiots around her?
Esposito : No, so we wouldn't try to steal her from him.
Castle : So, what about this imaginary boyfriend of yours,
UNK: are we going to see him around here? Or is he at home tied to a bed?
Beckett : What's the matter, Ricky? You jealous?
Castle : No. You only get to punish him at night. You punish me all day.
Beckett : - Well, you deserve it. - What did I do to you?
Beckett : Let's just start with the first day we met.