Ryan : She was found hanging by them in the park.
Castle : - You guys like to play? - What?
Tyler : No. We never even used them. They were just supposed to be a joke,
Tyler : - because of her research. - Research?
Tyler : I tried to be supportive, but I should've stopped her.
Tyler : I should've pushed her to study something else.
Beckett : What was she studying?
Tyler : The sociology of sexual bondage and domination.
Tyler : She spent months meeting people in that world,
Tyler : trying to understand what made them tick.
Tyler : And they killed her for it.
Beckett : And where did you keep these cuffs?
Tyler : I don't know. At her place, I guess.
Tyler : Her roommate probably knows.
Tyler : The two of them were, like, attached at the hip.
Danielle : Jessica and I have been roommates since freshman year.
Danielle : We've lived together so long, we're practically sisters.
Beckett : Tyler said that you might know
Beckett : where she kept the cuffs he gave her.
Danielle : She showed them to me when she got them,
Danielle : but I never saw them after that.
Beckett : When was the last time that you saw Jessica?
Danielle : Yesterday morning.
Castle : What about her research? Did she ever talk to you about
Castle : where she went, the people involved?
Danielle : No, she pretty much kept all that to herself.
Esposito : Detective Beckett.
Beckett : Excuse me.
Esposito : The bed hasn't been slept in and there's no signs of a struggle.
Beckett : Which means she was somewhere else when she was killed.
Beckett : Okay, let's put a trace on her cell phone.
Beckett : If she has a GPS locator, we might get lucky.
UNK: Right.
Beckett : Did Jessica ever mention where she was going to be last night?
UNK: No. I got in at around 10 : 00. It didn't look like she'd been home.
UNK: Since Tyler was on call, I...
UNK: I assumed she was up at the university, working on her thesis.
UNK: Proffesor Stevenson, Jessica's Advisor : I wish I could help you, Detective.
UNK: Proffesor Stevenson, Jessica's Advisor : Sometimes she'd work late, but she wasn't here last night.
Beckett : Are you sure about that?
UNK: I was here till 11 : 00 grading papers. I would've seen her.
Beckett : As her advisor, how much would you know
Beckett : about the people that she was researching?
Stevenson : She was spending a lot of time with a dominatrix named Mistress Venom.
Stevenson : Mr. Castle, people who study sex-related fields
Stevenson : are often derided within academia.
Stevenson : Jessica was determined not to be held hostage by their little minds.
Stevenson : Venom was Jessica's guide to that world.
Stevenson : If you want to know more about the people Jessica was studying,
Stevenson : you'll have to ask Venom.
Stevenson : Kelly, this is Detective Beckett and Richard Castle.
Stevenson : They need to see Jessica's research.
Castle : She kept her notes locked up?
Kelly : She was a finalist for the Kellerman Fellowship.
Kelly : When you're competing against other people in the department,
Kelly : the last thing you want to do is leave your notes lying around.
UNK: - Well, looks like a lot of late nights. When Tyler was on shift,
Kelly : she'd just pull an all-nighter and go visit him on his breaks.
Matt : Kelly, did you hear how they found her?
Esposito : - Matt. - Tied to the monkey bars
Matt : on a playground in her underwear!
Kelly : Matt, this is Detective Beckett.
Kelly : She's here investigating Jessica's death.
Kelly : Matt, Jess, and I all started the PhD program at the same time.
Beckett : I can tell you were close.
Matt : - I'm sorry, it's just... - Kelly, did Jessica have
Beckett : any enemies in the department?
Beckett : Anyone in school that she didn't get along with?
Matt : Just because we were competing for the same fellowship
Matt : doesn't mean that we weren't civil.
Kelly : Not everyone was civil. In the last few weeks,
Kelly : Jessica was getting these phone calls on her office line.
Beckett : What kind of calls? Heavy breathing. Moaning.
Kelly : Made you want to take a hand sanitizer shower.
Castle : Seems a little immature for grad students.
Matt : Look, I'm studying the impact of AIDS treatments in inner city clinics.
Matt : Kelly's is about overcoming the glass ceiling.
Matt : And Jessica was watching a dominatrix dig her stiletto into some loser's chest.
Matt : She was bound to get some grief for it.
Castle : Jessica's notes on Venom's sessions are pretty detailed.