Esposito : His wife confirms it.
Esposito : He was with her at the anniversary party all night.
Beckett : This staging was way too specific to be just a coincidence. Somebody knew.
Esposito : Maybe she told someone.
Castle : Maybe someone had access to the research.
Castle : Filing cabinet's not Fort Knox.
UNK: Anyone with access would have read exactly what we read
UNK: and could've used it to throw us off their trail.
UNK: Okay, you and Ryan go back to the dungeon.
Beckett : See if any of the girls swap stories after work.
Beckett : Meanwhile, Castle and I will go to the university
Beckett : and see who had access to her research.
UNK: Okay.
Mistress : No. Mistress Venom never mentioned him to me
Mistress : or any of her other clients.
Esposito : Really? Come on.
Esposito : You girls don't share shop talk?
Mistress : You work here long enough,
Mistress : and the kinkiest things you could ever imagine
Mistress : are just another day at the office.
Mistress : The only time we trade info is if we share clients,
Mistress : but Mistress Venom didn't share.
Mistress : Do you mind un-strapping my boot?
Ryan : - Thank you, Mistress Amber? - Yes.
UNK: Mistress Scorpion. Okay. Getting confused, I'm sorry.
UNK: If you like.
UNK: Faster.
Esposito : Is there a possibility
Esposito : that she may have mentioned one client's fetishes to another client?
Mistress : Absolutely not. Lady Irena beats confidentiality rules into our heads.
Mistress : Mistress Venom wasn't stupid.
Mistress : Is there a problem?
UNK: It's just this knot. It's, like, an octagonal knot.
Esposito : It's got, like, eight sides. I've never seen a knot like this.
Ryan : Detective Esposito bringing crime to its knees.
UNK: Stay! So, none of the girls claim
Ryan : that they remember Jessica talking about any of her clients,
Ryan : but I think we might have an explanation as to where she was
Ryan : between the time she left work and when she was killed.
Ryan : Mistress Scorpion thinks that Jessica might have been working off the books.
Mistress : Well, if she was, then she was asking for trouble.
Mistress : Nothing upsets Lady Irena more
Mistress : than some girl trying to screw her out of her 40%.
UNK: Ow!
UNK: Hey, Irish. You wanna help out your little buddy here?
Mistress : He seems to be all thumbs.
Beckett : You were her office mate, Kelly.
UNK: It would have been very easy for you to access her files.
Kelly : No, it wouldn't. I told you, she was very private about her work.
Castle : You mean to tell me she didn't once slip out to the bathroom
Castle : and just leave her notes sitting on the desk?
Kelly : If she did, I wouldn't be interested.
Kelly : And the night she was killed, I was in Westchester with my folks.
Beckett : Does anyone else have access to this office?
Kelly : The only other person with a key to the office is Maintenance.
Castle : What about your keys?
Castle : Did you ever lose them, or lend them to a friend?
UNK: No.
Kelly : I mean, I gave them to Matt last week
Kelly : because he said he had some papers here.
UNK: What, you think he broke into her filing cabinet and took her research?
Castle : That is exactly what I'm thinking.
Castle : You said it yourself, it's a very competitive program,
Castle : and they were both finalists for the same fellowship.
Castle : This is Matt's proposal for studying the effect of AIDS on inner city clinics.
Castle : Look at the picture.
Beckett : He's in scrubs.
Castle : It wasn't Tyler who confronted Jessica at the dungeon.
Beckett : It was Matt.
Matt : I borrowed Kelly's keys. That doesn't prove anything.
Alexis : Which is why we took a look at the whole picture.
UNK: This is a list of phone calls
UNK: made from your cell phone to the university switchboard.
UNK: Each one coincides with a harassing call to Jessica.
Castle : - You made those calls. - Look, it was a joke.
Beckett : How about your little visit to Jessica at the dungeon last week?
Beckett : Was that a joke as well?
Castle : She didn't tell anybody where the dungeon was, so how'd you find it?
Castle : Did you follow her or the clues in her research?
Beckett : You were her rival for a fellowship. You needed her out of the way.
Beckett : And when you read her research, you saw your chance.
Matt : Look, I needed that funding, okay? My work is important.
Matt : I mean, come on. Seriously, I couldn't let her get that fellowship.
Matt : And when I saw her research, I mean, it read like fiction.
Matt : So, I went to the dungeon to find out.
UNK: So you broke into her filing cabinet, you copied her research,
Castle : and then you followed her to the dungeon.
Castle : You're not putting a whole lot of checks in the innocent column here, Matt.
UNK: "The innocent column."
UNK: Listen, I threatened her, all right,
Matt : but I did not kill her.
Matt : When I found out that she was Mistress Venom,
Matt : I told her that if she didn't withdraw her fellowship application,
UNK: I was going to tell her boyfriend.
Castle : And when that didn't work, you killed her.
Matt : It did work.
Matt : Jessica withdrew her application the day before she was killed.