Esposito : Nothing yet. And nothing back from Missing Persons.
Esposito : Given that it just happened last night,
UNK: it's most likely not going to be reported for a couple of days.
Beckett : What about the cuffs? - We found seven shops in Manhattan
Ryan : that make custom bondage gear.
Esposito : And while we're waiting to hear back,
UNK: we're going to buy a gift for Ryan's imaginary girlfriend.
Castle : Oh, yeah. When are we going to meet that Jenny?
Ryan : When the time is right, I'll bring her around.
Ryan : I don't want you guys scaring her off.
Esposito : There she is now.
UNK: - Hello? Detective Ryan. - You guys, give him a break.
Beckett : I wouldn't bring my boyfriend around here either.
Castle : Boyfriend? Did I miss something?
Ryan : So, that was Barry from The Love Shackle.
Ryan : He says the cuff might be theirs,
UNK: but he'd have to examine them closely to know for sure.
Beckett : Well, then have Evidence pull them and tell them I'm coming.
UNK: Oh, field trip to a sex store. I love this case.
Ryan : Look at him following her. Who's whipped, huh? Me or him?
Esposito : You, bro. Hands down.
UNK: You know, while we're here,
UNK: we should really pick up something for that new imaginary boyfriend of yours.
UNK: This his speed?
Beckett : No, but if you keep talking, I'll put you in one of these.
UNK: Barry store Owner : Hey, guys. Looking for something special?
Castle : - Yes. - No.
UNK: Just getting started, huh? Yeah, we get a lot of first-timers.
Barry : We carry everything from Bondage 101,
Barry : all the way up to the more advanced stuff for your pleasure PhD.
Barry : But if you're just looking to dip your toe in the water,
UNK: these little guys are best-sellers.
UNK: Wanna give them a try then?
Beckett : No, thanks. I've already got a pair of my own.
Barry : Double cross lap stitch on the seam.
Barry : Yeah, this is definitely one of mine.
Beckett : Can you tell us who ordered them?
Barry : Yeah, I remember this kid. Very vanilla.
Barry : Then again, it's always the normal-Iooking ones
Barry : that end up being the most freaky. Right?
Beckett : Do you have a name or a billing address?
Barry : Yeah. The cuffs were purchased six months ago by a Tyler Benton.
UNK: He had them specially made for his girlfriend. Cute girl, too.
Beckett : You remember her?
UNK: Yeah, brunette, mid-twenties. Asked a lot of questions.
Beckett : Did she by any chance look like this?
UNK: Oh, God.
Beckett : We need to talk to Tyler Benton and find out what he was doing last night.
Castle : My guess is killing his girlfriend.
UNK: Tyler Benton : That's Jessica. Jessica Margolis. My girlfriend.
UNK: Tyler Benton : Next week was our one-year anniversary.
UNK: Tyler Benton : I was going to propose.
Beckett : Where were you last night, Mr. Benton?
Tyler : At the hospital. I'm a first year. I was working a 24-hour shift.
Tyler : You can ask my attending.
Beckett : Have you ever seen these before?
UNK: Yeah, I... I bought them for Jessica a few months ago. Why?