Castle : Seriously, Beckett, do you have any idea what this means?
Castle : We're about to be the first people in the nation,
UNK: no, the world, to solve a Bigfoot murder.
Beckett : Very funny, Castle, but there is no such thing as Bigfoot.
Castle : Tell that to the people who've been sighting him for 400 years.
Pearlmutter : So, I typed the blood. It's a match to our victim.
Castle : Never mind the blood. What is your opinion on these?
Pearlmutter : Professionally, I can't speculate what those are, Mr. Castle.
Pearlmutter : But personally, I can say that anyone who believes in Bigfoot is an ass.
Castle : Well, that is a common assertion amongst the uninformed.
Beckett : Okay, buddy. Let's say there is a Bigfoot.
UNK: How does a giant, hairy ape-man get around the city unseen?
Castle : Easy. Follow the big, fat footprints.
UNK: What?
Castle : Subway access tunnel.
Castle : Since Hurricane Sandy, a lot of those are still closed.
Castle : So, Bigfoot's been using them to get around.
Beckett : Castle, that's ridiculous.
Castle : How can you say...
Castle : Look at these footprints!
Beckett : These are the footprints that I'm interested in.
Beckett : They're near where the body was.
Beckett : CSU said that they were made within the last 24 hours.
Castle : Could be Eddie Maslon's.
UNK: At size 13? The guy's too short to have feet this big.
Beckett : No. These boot prints are our best lead.
Beckett : These prints, not the tracks from the giant clown feet.
Castle : Yes, let's go to a crime scene and ignore the evidence.
Castle : You're saying someone framed Bigfoot?
UNK: All I'm saying, Castle, is that someone, a human being,
UNK: left the Bigfoot prints in that alley way.
Castle : Yeah, and staged the crime scene
Castle : to make it look as though Bigfoot was the killer.
Castle : Why go through the trouble of blaming Bigfoot?
UNK: A creature a select few of us even believe exists,
Castle : never mind could be a murder suspect?
Esposito : Speaking of suspects, Anne's boss came through
Esposito : with a sketch of the guy she argued with the day she died.
Beckett : Take a look, Castle.
Beckett : A person of interest, emphasis on the word "person."
Beckett : Talk to Anne's friends and family and see if anyone recognizes him.
Ryan : Um... I wouldn't rule out Bigfoot just yet.
UNK: Turns out, there've been dozens of reported Bigfoot sightings
Ryan : in the city in the past couple months.
Castle : Is that right? Why, Detective Ryan,
UNK: please tell us about this new and extraordinary development.
Ryan : Like this woman in Brooklyn.
Ryan : She says that Bigfoot tried to break into her apartment,
Ryan : on the second floor.
Esposito : Gentlemen! I hate to rain on your parade...
Beckett : - Do you? - No.
UNK: ...but here's the reason the Bigfoot reports have spiked.
UNK: Two months ago, the TV show Mission : Monster
UNK: put out a million dollar reward for the capture
UNK: - andlor proof that Bigfoot exists. - Hmm.
Beckett : See, Castle?
UNK: All of this "evidence" that you claim proves Bigfoot's existence
Beckett : is actually people angling for money.
Castle : So you're saying it's just a coincidence that Anne was working with primates
UNK: and mysteriously killed where Bigfoot prints were found?
Beckett : No, not a coincidence, just a hoax.
Ryan : If it's such a hoax, then tell me why I found this?
UNK: I dug into her phone records.
Ryan : Turns out the last phone call she ever made was to Darrell Meeks.
Castle : The Darrell Meeks?
UNK: Beckett/esposito : Who's Darrell Meeks?
UNK: "Who's Darrell Meeks?"
UNK: Just a world-renowned cryptozoologist.