Castle : That's a scientist who searches for as-yet undiscovered creatures.
Beckett : Such as unicorns and centaurs.
UNK: Banshees and leprechauns.
UNK: Dr. Meeks also happens to be the foremost authority on Bigfoot.
Castle : And, lo and behold, she called him
UNK: on the very day she died.
Castle : Still think Bigfoot has nothing to do with this?
UNK: Perlmutter's got something for us. Why don't you guys head over there?
Beckett : Castle and I will talk to the "world's foremost authority" on Bigfoot.
UNK: Ugh.
UNK: The "B" team.
UNK: - Talk about the "B" team. - Yeah.
UNK: I had hoped to see Castle's look of dismay
Pearlmutter : when I told him cause of death
Pearlmutter : was nothing more exotic than blunt-force trauma to the cranium.
UNK: It seems that she was clobbered over the head with a club or a pipe.
UNK: You could've said so over the phone.
Pearlmutter : Ah, but I also made two highly intriguing discoveries.
Ryan : About the wounds on her face?
Pearlmutter : Well, their cause is still undetermined,
UNK: but of far greater interest is the fact...
UNK: Because it could be claw marks.
Ryan : Bigfoot has claws.
Esposito : So does Wolverine. Is he real?
Pearlmutter : Are you done?
Pearlmutter : I found this glass embedded in her head wound.
Pearlmutter : It has an anti-reflective coating, like on prescription lenses.
Esposito : But she didn't wear glasses, so where did it come from?
Pearlmutter : All I can tell you is that it was practically
Pearlmutter : hammered into her skull by whatever hit her.
Ryan : We'll send it in for analysis.
Pearlmutter : Yeah, well, you should take this while you're at it.
Pearlmutter : Found that in her stomach.
Esposito : A pendant? In her stomach?
Pearlmutter : It appears she swallowed it five to six hours before she died.
Esposito : The same time she was attacked.
Esposito : Why would she swallow it?
Ryan : Maybe she knew she was going to die. She was trying to send a message.
Esposito : Or she was trying to keep this pendant from her killer.
Castle : Did you take this photo?
UNK: Darrell Meeks : Yes, it's an expedition I led in western Canada.
UNK: Darrell Meeks : It's the closest I've ever gotten to him in 23 years.
Beckett : Dr. Meeks, you were the last person
Beckett : that Anne spoke with just before she died.
Beckett : Why did she call you?
UNK: I think she called me to ask me
UNK: if I thought that Bigfoot would venture into an urban area.
Castle : And what did you tell her?
Darrell : Well, given development and urban encroachment on wilderness,
Darrell : sooner or later it was inevitable.
Darrell : And I suspect that she had evidence
UNK: of a presence of Bigfoot here in the city.
Beckett : I don't understand why she would talk to you about something like that.
Darrell : Well, Anne was studying Evolutionary Biology.
UNK: She was an honor student at the university,
Darrell : but she was actually a hugely respected Bigfoot expert.
Darrell : She even gave me that extremely rare Yeti finger.
Castle : Are you saying Anne was a Bigfoot hunter?
UNK: No, no, no. No. Not a hunter. No.
Darrell : Anne was Native American.
Darrell : And in her tribe's culture,
Darrell : a Bigfoot was considered benevolent, or a protector.
Darrell : When she was a child, she actually saw a Bigfoot.
UNK: And so, after that she devoted her life to their study. Excuse me.
UNK: So, are Bigfoots, or Bigfeet, violent or aggressive?
Darrell : Well, they certainly can be. What were the nature of her injuries?
UNK: Uh...
Darrell : Well, I mean, was she attacked by a Bigfoot?
Beckett : - Not a chance. - Yes.
Darrell : Well, in the name of science,
Darrell : would you allow me to examine where she died?
Beckett : No. Now as far as you're aware,
Beckett : did she have issues with anyone other than Bigfoot?
Darrell : Well, she was under a very high level of scrutiny.
Beckett : Scrutiny from whom?
UNK: Garland Meeks : Oh, some TV show offered a million-dollar reward,
UNK: Garland Meeks : which unleashed a tide of idiots all searching for Bigfoot.
Darrell : Yes, and this is my wife, Garland. Uh, she's the skeptical one.
UNK: - Trust me, I feel your pain. Pleasure. - Mmm.
UNK: In any case, I think when people found out Anne's area of expertise,
Darrell : they wanted to follow her
Darrell : to see if she would actually take them to a real Bigfoot.
Beckett : You know, the day that she died, Anne was seen arguing with this man.
Beckett : Do you recognize him?
Garland : Oh, yes. All too well.
Darrell : This man is the Bigfoot community's worst enemy.
Esposito : His name is Chase Diggins,
Esposito : and he's an Australian adventurer and big game hunter.