Beckett : When was the last time either of you saw Anne?
UNK: We worked together yesterday. She seemed totally fine.
Franco : She did leave early, that wasn't like her,
Franco : said she had something important to do.
UNK: Did she say what it was?
Paul : It might have something to do with that argument she had.
Beckett : What argument?
Paul : I saw her in the parking garage, around lunchtime, talking to a man.
Paul : I'd never seen him before, but he seemed very angry with her.
Beckett : Do you think you could describe him to a sketch artist?
Paul : Yeah, I most definitely could.
Castle : I know who the killer is. Did you see how that gorilla looked at me?
Beckett : Yeah, I think it was lust, actually, Castle. You are ruggedly handsome.
UNK: Bloodlust, maybe.
UNK: Yeah, don't let Moonshine fool you. I'm betting he and his fellow "retirees"
UNK: are actually super-intelligent apes plotting to take over New York City.
Castle : They're going to round up all the people, put us in a sanctuary.
Castle : - Most likely, Anne got on to them... - They took her out.
Beckett : Now, if this monkey cabal really wanted to get Anne out of the picture,
Beckett : why did they drop her off at the hospital?
Castle : Well, obviously they were conflicted.
UNK: It's complicated, the relationship between man and primate.
Castle : Didn't you see Rise of the Planet of the Apes? Cautionary tale.
Beckett : Sorry to burst your bubble, Castle,
Beckett : but CSU hasn't found a crime scene at Haven House.
Beckett : Anne wasn't attacked there.
Castle : Well, then where was the attack? And by what?
Esposito : Hey. So a witness saw a blue sedan take out a side mirror
Esposito : about a block away from our hospital in our time window.
Esposito : They got a plate. Owner of the car was Eddie Maslon.
UNK: How's he connected to Anne?
Esposito : I'm not really sure, but Eddie knows how to put the hurt on people.
Esposito : He just did eight years in Sing Sing for murder two.
Esposito : And he had a way to mess up Anne's face.
Esposito : City records show he had a pit bull named Badass.
Beckett : A convicted killer with an attack dog? All right, pick him up.
Esposito : Right on.
UNK: Damn it! I really liked Moonshine for this.
UNK: Eddie Maslon : I've never seen her before.
Beckett : You dumped her outside of the ER last night,
Beckett : except she looked more like this.
Beckett : Your dog do that to her?
Beckett : Eddie, you've been out of prison for three months.
Beckett : You better start talking unless you want to go back.
UNK: Hey, look, I didn't touch her and neither did Badass.
Eddie : Whatever did that to her, that wasn't no dog.
UNK: Then how did she end up in your car?
Eddie : I was leaving a bar last night,
UNK: and I happen to make a wrong turn down an alley way
UNK: and I saw her laying there, she was all messed up.
Eddie : I couldn't just leave her there to die!
Beckett : Oh, so you're a good Samaritan now.
Eddie : If I wanted to kill her, why would I bring her to a hospital?
Beckett : If you wanted to save her, why would you ditch her outside of one?
Eddie : Because with my record, I knew I'd get blamed.
Eddie : Which is exactly what's happening now.
UNK: Yeah.
Eddie : No good deed, huh?
Beckett : Okay, fine, then why don't you tell me where you supposedly found her?
UNK: Well, it's blood. Maybe Eddie was telling the truth.
UNK: Beckett.
Castle : You need to see this.
Beckett : What the...
UNK: Footprints.
Castle : Giant footprints made by some kind of beast.
Castle : Those vicious claw marks, the savage wounds,
Castle : her blood, these footprints.
Castle : It all adds up to one thing.
Castle : She was killed by Bigfoot!