Beckett : Well, the good news is we have our crime scene.
Beckett : The bad news is it's in two square miles of remote wilderness
Beckett : with no access by road.
Beckett : You up for a hike?
UNK: Oh, I'm well-equipped for a hike.
Castle : What are you doing?
Castle : Knocking on wood and vocalizing.
Castle : It's how Bigfoot communicates over long distances,
Castle : and how the real Bigfoot hunters lure him out.
Beckett : Yeah, well, the real police don't do it,
UNK: so that our human fugitive won't know that we're coming.
UNK: Oh, trust me. If Kurt Wilson has been hiding out here for a year,
UNK: we are not going to find him.
Beckett : Okay, we're close.
Beckett : GPS is showing that this is the general area of the attack.
Beckett : We just need to find some landmarks.
Beckett : It happened by this downed tree, so all we gotta do is find the tree,
Beckett : and we've found our crime scene.
Beckett : Castle. Castle, please. No more Wookiee calls.
UNK: It's not Wookiee. I'm not doing Wookiee.
UNK: I can't do Wookiee. Alexis does a really cute Wookiee.
Beckett : Well, whatever you're doing, could you stop?
UNK: You're scared it might work?
Beckett : No, I'm scared that I might murder you,
Beckett : and then I'll have two crime scenes on my hands.
Castle : You know, a lot of highly respected individuals believe in Bigfoot.
Castle : Teddy Roosevelt wrote about him in his journals.
Castle : Jane Goodall has gone on record saying she's open to the possibility.
Castle : And right now, as we speak,
Castle : professors at Oxford are studying Bigfoot DNA samples.
UNK: Now, it is possible. You just have to be open to it.
UNK: Because any moment, life can surprise you.
UNK: Oh, that's not good for my knee.
UNK: Are you okay?
Castle : - Yeah. - Oh.
UNK: Oh.
Beckett : Where are we?
UNK: In some kind of trap.
UNK: Which we gotta get out of.
Beckett : Castle, do you have anything in your vest that can help us?
Castle : Oh, yeah. Heck, I got a Guppie multi-tool.
UNK: I got a solar-powered hand fan,
Castle : got camo glasses, built-in compass, snake bite kit...
Beckett : So, nothing?
Castle : Well, not nothing. I can build a fire.
UNK: Oh, great.
UNK: You know what, Castle,
Beckett : I can pull myself out if you could boost me up.
UNK: Well, then how am I gonna get out?
Beckett : I have a rope in the car. I was going to hike back to get it.
UNK: You're going to leave me here alone?
UNK: Kate, whoa. Just hold on a second, let's just back up and think about this.
UNK: What is this pit doing out here in the first place?
UNK: Someone or something had to build it.
Beckett : Something, Castle? You think that Bigfoot came out here with a shovel?
Castle : No, you're probably right. I don't think Bigfoot built this.
Beckett : Yeah, some hunters or poachers probably dug it up.
Castle : Hunting what? Look at the size of this thing.
Beckett : Maybe our fugitive built it in case anyone came out here.
Castle : I was more comfortable with the idea of Bigfoot building it.
Beckett : Come on, Castle, why don't you pop a squat,
Beckett : - we'll pull a cheerleader move. - Right.
UNK: Shouldn't you be wearing a short skirt for this?
Castle : That's the rule.
UNK: You know, though, this pit is kind of crudely built.
UNK: It...
Castle : Some primates have been known to make and...
UNK: Oh, jeez, Castle!
Castle : ...use tools to trap prey.
Beckett : Could you stand still? Holy...
Castle : Yeah, I'm just saying, I don't want to end up as Bigfoot dinner.
Beckett : You know, Castle, there's a bit of poetic justice in this.
Castle : Poetic justice, how?
Beckett : Well, I mean, think about it.
Beckett : You set a trap for Alexis
Beckett : and now someone, or something, has set one for you.
Castle : Promise me you'll come back.
Beckett : In case I don't make it.
UNK: Oh.
Castle : That's cute. But seriously, hurry back.
UNK: 'Kay?
Esposito : What's that?
Ryan : Nothing. What do you got?
Esposito : Grab your coat. We got a hit on that photo of Kurt Wilson.
Esposito : One of Anne's neighbors just saw him go into her apartment.
Ryan : Hey, Wilson. NYPD!