Esposito : Not much of a running back there, Wilson,
Esposito : but then, you're out of training.
Ryan : All right, let's go.
Ryan : We got him, and he's not talking.
Ryan : What do you want us to do?
Beckett : Okay, check his clothes for Anne's blood.
Ryan : How are you guys doing on the crime scene?
UNK: Uh...
Beckett : We ran into a little snag, but when we find it,
UNK: hopefully we'll find evidence that leads us straight to Kurt Wilson,
Beckett : and we won't need him to talk.
Castle : Ah, spork. They all laughed at you.
UNK: Stupid.
Castle : Beckett? Thank God you're back! What took you so long?
Castle : Ha ha ha ha ha.
Castle : Okay, get me out of here now.
UNK: Beckett? Kate...
UNK: Help!
UNK: Help!
UNK: Help...
UNK: Please don't eat me.
Beckett : Police! Turn around!
Beckett : Put your hands up!
Castle : Beckett, what are you doing? Are you crazy?
UNK: It can't understand you!
UNK: Now!
UNK: Whoa!
Castle : Shoot it! Shoot it! What are you waiting for?
UNK: Oh, God!
Castle : Whoa, whoa, whoa, it's talking.
Darrell : Don't shoot! Don't shoot! Don't shoot!
Darrell : Please don't shoot!
Castle : Don't shoot him.
Castle : Well, this is a huge disappointment.
Darrell : No, this is a big misunderstanding!
Beckett : Is it?
Beckett : Because those claws could have easily caused Anne's injuries.
Darrell : What? I'd never hurt Anne!
UNK: Do you actually expect us to believe that?
UNK: With you dressed up in this getup,
Beckett : right in the same area where she was attacked?
Darrell : Wait, she was attacked here? I thought she was attacked in the city.
UNK: No.
UNK: Okay, okay, okay. This looks bad.
Darrell : Let me just try and explain, okay.
Darrell : I knew that Anne was coming out here on her own,
UNK: and I admit that I followed her.
UNK: Why?
Darrell : Because I think she found Bigfoot.
Beckett : Or maybe she just found an idiot
Beckett : dressed up as Bigfoot, who then killed her.
Darrell : No! I didn't hurt Anne!
Beckett : Oh, okay. So you just stalked her?
Darrell : Look, I just... I just wanted, just this once,
Darrell : to lay eyes on this elusive beast.
UNK: And that's why I built this mantrap
Darrell : and I'm in this suit, drenched in deer musk.
UNK: Is that what that smell is?
UNK: Yeah, it's an attractant. It lures him out.
Darrell : And it's working, too.
UNK: I mean, about an hour ago, I heard vocalizations and knocking on wood.
UNK: And those are classic Bigfoot mating calls!
UNK: I also found some half-eaten food and some scat.
Darrell : And not to mention, a tool that Bigfoot used to club his prey,
UNK: and there's blood on it.
Beckett : Wait a minute. You saw a bloody club?
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : Show us where you found it.
Beckett : Do you recognize this?
Beckett : That's Anne Cardinal's blood. We're checking your clothes for it, too,
UNK: along with dirt that is going to place you in the woods.