Kurt : is if there was someone there that she was afraid of.
Castle : Like who?
Kurt : A classmate, a professor, I don't know.
Kurt : But I think Anne found out.
Franco : Last week, when I came to see her at her work,
UNK: she said that she was close to having answers.
UNK: Then the next thing I know, she's dead.
UNK: So I figured whoever did it killed Justine, too.
Darrell : And that's why I broke into her apartment.
UNK: I was looking for, I don't know, clues, answers, anything.
Beckett : The person that you think killed Anne and Justine,
Beckett : do you have any idea who it is?
UNK: It had to be someone who could talk Justine into opening her door,
UNK: or someone she knew.
UNK: It's the only reason that they would steal her necklace.
Kurt : It wasn't worth anything.
Castle : You wouldn't be referring to a lapis pendant, would you?
Kurt : Justine never took it off.
Kurt : When I found her, that pendant was gone.
UNK: Whoever took it, killed her.
Beckett : Kurt, is this Justine's pendant?
Beckett : That's why Anne had it.
Castle : The pendant is proof she'd found the real killer.
Castle : It has to be someone she spent time with recently.
Castle : Someone she got close to.
Beckett : Professor Devlin?
UNK: Can I help you, Detective?
Beckett : As a matter of fact you can.
Beckett : What can you tell us about Justine Bolton?
UNK: That she was a student at Hudson who died rather tragically.
Castle : Well, you knew her as more than that.
Castle : She took your Introduction to Anthropology course
Castle : her freshman year.
Paul : Yes, she did, which made her loss a personal one.
UNK: But I fail to see what that has...
Beckett : Were you aware that after she took that course,
Beckett : she told her counselor that she was afraid because someone on campus,
Beckett : she never said who,
Beckett : but someone was obsessed with her?
Paul : Well, no doubt she was talking about her boyfriend,
Paul : the young man who killed her.
Castle : Ah, but she took the meeting with her counselor before she met her boyfriend.
Beckett : But she had met you.
Beckett : You've had an odd career, Professor.
Beckett : You taught at four schools in six years.
UNK: So I made a few inquiries,
Beckett : and there were intimations of stalking, sexual harassment and even worse.
Paul : All of which were false!
Paul : And let me point out no action was ever taken against me.
Beckett : Justine had scheduled a meeting with the Dean
Beckett : on the day that she was killed to explain why she was leaving.
Castle : You couldn't let her take that meeting.
Castle : If she did,
Castle : your dirty history would be exposed, you'd be finished.
Beckett : So you killed her.
Castle : And being the predator that you are, you took a souvenir, her pendant.
Beckett : With all the suspicion on Kurt Wilson, no one was looking at you.
Beckett : Until Anne came along.
Paul : I don't know what you're talking about.
Beckett : Anne found that pendant. She knew it was you.
Beckett : And when she went into the woods, you followed her.
Paul : What woods? I wasn't in any woods!
UNK: We checked your phone records.
UNK: Your cell pinged the same tower as Anne's did
UNK: around the time that she was attacked.
UNK: That places you at the crime scene.
UNK: We also found a club with Anne's blood on it and someone else's DNA.
UNK: And based on the look that you're giving me right now,
UNK: I'm pretty damn sure it's yours.
Beckett : So, Castle, are you disappointed that there's no Bigfoot after all?
Castle : Well, I'm not so sure there isn't.
Castle : I'm thinking maybe he's out there somewhere.
UNK: And if he is, I hope to see him one day.
Castle : Preferably from a safe distance.
Kurt : Thank you for finishing what Anne started.
Kurt : Because of you guys, Justine's killer will pay for what he did to her.
Kurt : And I'm a free man.
Castle : So, what's next for you?
Kurt : I'm going to continue Anne's work.
Castle : You're going to research Bigfoot? Why?
Kurt : Well, when she suggested I hide out in those woods,
UNK: she told me I'd have company out there.
Kurt : She was right.
Ryan : - Did you hear that? - Mmm-hmm.
UNK: I'll go get my outfit.
UNK: Ooh!
UNK: Hey!
Martha : You, um... You've still got a little on your...
UNK: I'm... I'm so sorry about that.
Alexis : Do you know how humiliating that was?
Castle : I swear, I had no idea it was you.
Castle : But, Alexis, why were you stealing food?
Alexis : Because I ran out of money.
Castle : How could you have possibly spent all your money? Unless...
Castle : Wait, no. Are you in some kind of trouble?
UNK: No. I didn't spend it, I gave it away. Invested it, really.
Castle : Invested in what?
Alexis : My friend Jonah at school has a crowd funding campaign
Alexis : to plant bamboo forests on the roofs of skyscrapers to help clean the air.
Castle : Why didn't you just come to me?
UNK: Because I didn't want the speech.
UNK: Well, I don't... What speech?
Alexis : That people like us need to be careful with the kind of money we have.
Alexis : People might try to take advantage.
Castle : Oh, that speech. Yeah.
Alexis : Dad, you believe in all these unbelievable things.
UNK: Like Bigfoot. And I don't judge.
Alexis : But I believe in people, and what they can accomplish.
Alexis : I believe in Jonah and his vision, and I wanted to support him.
Alexis : I think he could make a real difference in the world.
UNK: And, okay, so maybe it was stupid to give him all of my allowance,
Alexis : but I'm not the first person to do something stupid
Alexis : for something they believe in.
Castle : No, no, you're not.
Castle : Matter of fact, it's a bit of a family trait.
UNK: But you do owe me a chateaubriand.
Castle : So, let's go to Le Cirque.
Castle : And then call this Jonah guy, have him meet us.
Castle : I'd like to hear about how he's going to change the world.
UNK: Really?
Castle : I believe in people, too.
Alexis : And Borrowers.
Castle : And Bigfoot.