Ryan : Kind of Crocodile Dundee meets Indiana Jones meets Ted Nugent.
Beckett : Now, according to the Meeks, he's violent and highly unstable.
UNK: What's more, is that this guy's hell bent on bagging a Bigfoot.
Esposito : I found him on YouTube
UNK: bragging about how he's going to mount one on his wall.
Beckett : Do we have anything other than speculation
UNK: on a mythical ape-man that'll connect him to the murder?
Esposito : We have this.
Beckett : Diggins has a prosthetic hook for a hand?
Ryan : Says he lost it in a Bigfoot attack. And that he almost...
Esposito : However it happened,
UNK: that hook could've been what did a number on Anne's face.
UNK: Where is Chase Diggins now?
Esposito : This guy is an international adventurer.
Ryan : What the hell is he doing renting an industrial crap-hole like this?
Ryan : Why not a hotel?
Esposito : The guy hunts Bigfoot.
Esposito : I don't think that rational behavior
Esposito : - is something he's familiar with. - Ah.
UNK: Whoa. You hear that?
UNK: Yeah.
Ryan : Dude, there's something down there.
Esposito : Chase Diggins!
Esposito : NYPD! If you're down here, you better identify yourself right now!
UNK: Dude, I got a bad feeling about this thing, man.
UNK: I... I don't think that we should...
UNK: Chase Diggins : You gents looking for me?
Chase : Bloody shame about Anne. She was one hell of a tracker.
Chase : Actually the only reason I came to the city.
Chase : Word was, she knew the whereabouts of an actual Squatch,
Chase : and I figured she might lead me to him.
Beckett : You came to New York to hunt Bigfoot?
Chase : You see this, Detective?
Chase : Nepal, 2008, the rocky crags of the Himalayas.
UNK: The Squatch came out of nowhere and ripped my arm clean off.
Chase : So I will hunt down every last one of those bastards
Chase : until I have my payback.
UNK: What'd it look like?
UNK: Five hundred pounds of fur and death, mate.
Chase : Eyes like a rabid dog, but smart, you know.
UNK: Anyway, they say that she'd found one.
Chase : Everyone knew it, but Anne wasn't talking.
Beckett : Is that why you went to see her?
Chase : Who told you that?
Beckett : Witnesses saw you and Anne arguing outside of her work yesterday.
Chase : Merely a polite conversation between colleagues.
UNK: Really?
UNK: Because later that night, she turned up dead.
Chase : You're squatting in the wrong bush, Detective.
Chase : I was at a target range last night with my mates, keeping my edge sharp.
Chase : You can check it out.
Beckett : That's funny because we found a boot print
UNK: in an alley way near a pool of Anne's blood
Beckett : with the same tread as the boots you're wearing now.
Chase : All right, look, I was in that alley,
Chase : but not last night, it was the night before.
Castle : What were you doing there?
Chase : Well, I figured she was tracking the beast, so I tracked her.
Chase : I followed her to the alley, and that's when I caught the wily bitch in the act.
Beckett : The act of what?
UNK: Stamping fake Squatch prints in the ground, is what.
Chase : Using molds of giant feet. She was faking the damn evidence.
UNK: Whoa. Okay, hang... Anne was a respected researcher.
Castle : Why would she fake evidence of Bigfoot?
UNK: Because I reckon she'd found the real thing.
UNK: She was trying to throw the rest of us off the scent,
UNK: but I was on to her, so I confronted her at work,
UNK: offered her anything she wanted, but she told me to bugger off.
Beckett : You know what I think? You faked that site.
Beckett : Because somewhere in your twisted mind,
Beckett : it makes sense that the expert on Bigfoot would be killed by one.
Castle : I knew it.
Chase : She found him.
UNK: The little bitch found my Bigfoot.
Beckett : Look, he's either crazy or he's lying.
Esposito : I'd go with crazy, because it looks like he's telling the truth.
Esposito : Tests on his prosthetic hook show no trace of Anne's DNA.
Esposito : And his alibi checks out, so it's not him.
UNK: Well, looks like we're back to this guy as our number one suspect.
Beckett : Castle, could you please take that down?
Castle : You got it.
Esposito : The lab also was able to identify
Esposito : the glass shards we found in our victim's head wound.
Esposito : It's from a camera lens.
Castle : There was no camera at the crime scene.
Beckett : Maybe our killer took it.
Castle : Which would explain why there are so few photos of Bigfoot.
Beckett : - I meant our human killer. - Right.
UNK: Let's re-canvass near that alley way, see if we can find that camera.
UNK: Hey, so I looked into the pendant that Anne swallowed,
Ryan : - and I found something strange. - What?
Ryan : I talked to her friends and neighbors. The pendant wasn't Anne's.