Ryan : It belonged to Justine Bolton,
Ryan : Anne's roommate at Hudson University last year.
Beckett : Does the roommate have any idea what Anne was doing with it?
Ryan : I'd love to ask her. There's only one problem.
Ryan : Justine was murdered a year ago.
Castle : And a year later, her pendant is found in her murdered friend's stomach?
Beckett : That can't be a coincidence.
Beckett : What do we know about Justine's murder?
Ryan : I ordered up her case files. They should be here by the morning.
Beckett : Look, Castle. I don't care how much research you do,
Beckett : you're not going to convince me that there's a Bigfoot.
Castle : I just follow the evidence and the insanely large footprints.
Beckett : Is there anything that you don't believe in?
Castle : Sure there is. There's, um...
Castle : Okay. Well, what about you?
Castle : If not Bigfoot or zombies or ghosts, what do you believe in?
Beckett : I believe in the everyday magic of life.
Beckett : I mean, things that I can see and touch.
UNK: Like the green shoots that pop through the snow in February.
Beckett : Or the Flatiron Building.
Beckett : Or the way that I feel when I hear Coltrane.
Castle : I can appreciate the everyday, but why not live in the possible?
Castle : The world just doesn't have as many mysteries anymore.
Castle : There's no new continents to explore.
Castle : There's no more deepest, darkest Africa.
UNK: Everything is all mapped out by satellites and sonar.
Castle : Yet still, people reach for the unknown.
Castle : It's what makes us grow.
Castle : Coltrane wouldn't have had that saxophone
UNK: if Antoine Sax hadn't imagined it.
Castle : Isn't that what separates us from, say, Moonshine?
UNK: Well, you know, there is one
UNK: inexplicable, mysterious phenomenon that I do believe in still.
UNK: Us.
Beckett : - What was that? - Something set off my trap.
Beckett : - You set a trap? - I've got you now, you super rats.
UNK: Nurse Two : - What? - No one steals from me!
UNK: Oh!
UNK: Alexis!
Castle : What are you doing here?
Castle : Yeah. She's still not taking my calls.
Beckett : Well, can you blame her, Castle? You practically turned her into a Smurf.
Castle : Na'vi would be a more contemporary reference.
Castle : No, the point is, she lied to me.
Castle : She looked me right in the eye and she blamed the Borrowers.
Beckett : I'm sure she had a good reason.
Castle : For what? Not having food? I mean, I give her a sizable allowance,
Castle : and if that's not enough, she can always ask for more.
Beckett : Like I said, Castle, there are plenty of mysteries in the everyday.
Beckett : Hey, Ryan, has Justine Bolton's murder file come in yet?
Ryan : She was attacked in the apartment that she shared with Anne Cardinal.
Ryan : The way she was choked and bruised, looked like it was a crime of passion.
Beckett : Did they have a suspect?
Ryan : Unfortunately, he fled and he hasn't been seen since the murder.
Castle : Any chance he had long shaggy hair and he was eight feet tall?
Ryan : Uh, no. Sorry, Castle. It was Justine's boyfriend, Kurt Wilson.
UNK: He's the one who supposedly found the body.
Ryan : He was a football player with a history of assaults on and off the field.
Ryan : It looked like Justine was trying to get away from him.
Ryan : The day that she was murdered, she contacted the Dean
Ryan : and told him that she was dropping out of school,
Ryan : even though she was top of her class.
Ryan : By the time the cops realized
Ryan : that all roads led to Kurt Wilson, he disappeared.
Castle : How does Anne figure into this?
Ryan : Well, as her roommate,
Esposito : it looks like Anne took Justine's death pretty hard.
Ryan : When I spoke to the lead detective,
Ryan : he told me she came to him a few months back
UNK: and asked to see Justine's case file.
Ryan : He refused since it's a pending murder case, but still, it means...
Beckett : Anne was looking into Justine's murder.
Castle : And a few months ago? That's when Anne took time off school.
Beckett : So then maybe Anne wasn't tracking down Bigfoot,
Beckett : she was looking for Kurt Wilson.