Ryan : Maybe she found him.
Esposito : Yo. Canvass didn't turn up Anne's camera,
Esposito : but the lab came back with a serial number on that lens.
UNK: That was made for a specific model.
UNK: A Wi-Fi-enabled camcorder
UNK: that's designed to synch up to a cloud account.
UNK: I checked. Anne has a cloud account.
Beckett : Can we access it?
UNK: Testing, one, two, three... Okay, good.
Beckett : Look at the time stamp.
UNK: 12 : 20 a.m. The night she died.
Castle : Yeah, but she's not in an alley. Where the hell is she?
UNK: He's after... He's after me!
UNK: No. Please! No!
Beckett : So the attack took place in the woods, not that alley.
Beckett : But what we need to find out is where these woods are.
Esposito : Tech is trying to get the geo-data off that footage
Esposito : to see if we can pinpoint the exact coordinates.
Ryan : If she was attacked in the woods somewhere, why move her to an alley?
Beckett : Because the killer was trying to throw us off his trail.
Beckett : If Anne was looking for Kurt Wilson, then the last thing he would want to do
Beckett : is leave her body near the same spot where he was hiding out.
UNK: Unless she was looking for someone else in those woods.
Epsosito : Something with fur?
Castle : What do we really see of our killer in this video?
Castle : He's dark, looming, powerful, holding a primitive weapon.
Beckett : Castle, that is a person.
Castle : All I see is the silhouette of a hulking humanoid form.
UNK: Now, if Darrell Meeks and that one-armed Aussie were right,
Castle : and Anne did know where Bigfoot was,
Castle : well, that could be him on that video.
Beckett : Then what, Bigfoot carried her body into the city on foot
Beckett : from wherever these woods are and left her in that alley way?
Castle : Well, you said yourself, Kurt Wilson wouldn't want to leave Anne's body
Castle : where he'd been hiding out. Why would Bigfoot?
UNK: Okay, why don't you guys
UNK: circulate Wilson's photo to Anne's family and friends
Beckett : and see if anyone has seen him around.
Beckett : Castle and I will talk to Tech
Beckett : to see if we can figure out where these woods are.
Franco : I don't know, maybe.
Franco : If you rough him up a little, he could be that homeless guy
Franco : I saw hanging out in the parking garage.
Esposito : When was that?
Franco : - Last week sometime. - What was he doing?
Franco : Nothing, man. He just looked like he was waiting.
Ryan : Well, we're going to need security cam footage of the garage.
Franco : It's run by a separate company. I'll get you their number.
Esposito : If Wilson knew that Anne was after him,
Esposito : he might have been following her, preparing to kill her.
Ryan : I'll set up a canvass and pull traffic cam footage from that area.
Ryan : Maybe we can get a hit on where he went after he left that garage.
UNK: Testing, one, two, three... Okay, good.
UNK: The camera began synching
Tech : to her account right when she started filming.
Tech : We couldn't pull any geo-data,
UNK: but the synch was routed through her cell phone.
Tech : It pinged off this cell tower here.
UNK: Are there any woods near that tower?
UNK: Yes, in a 10,000-acre nature preserve called Branch Cross.
Castle : That's a perfect hangout for Bigfoot.
UNK: Or the fugitive. Now, is there any way to narrow down
Beckett : where she was when this was being filmed?
Tech : Not as much as I'd like, but I checked with the Forest Service.
Tech : The species of tree in the video
Tech : grow mostly in this six square-mile area.
Tech : Also, between the moon's position in the sky
Tech : and the orientation of the shadows,
Tech : I can tell you that she was moving in a southeasterly direction.
Castle : Wow! She's good.
Beckett : Could you turn up the volume on the video?
Beckett : Do you guys hear that in the background?
UNK: Oh, my God! He's after... He's after me.
UNK: Do you think you can isolate that?
Castle : That sounds like water.
Castle : Are there any streams or rivers nearby?
Tech : Right there. She must've been near that creek,
Tech : which gets us down to a two square-mile area.