Esposito : I know that you had a tough go when you were little,
Esposito : but sooner or later you gotta stop blaming your childhood.
Ryan : At some point, when you choose wrong over right,
Esposito : that's on you.
Sonia : It's always been so black and white with you, huh?
Sonia : Espo's rules of life.
UNK: Well, let me tell you something. I spent nine years in that cell
Sonia : while Joey and my dad breathed free air and spent their millions.
UNK: AII I had to hold onto was the money.
UNK: No way in hell I was gonna let that go.
Ronaldo : This is it up ahead.
Esposito : Well, I hope that money's worth it.
UNK: 'Cause you're gonna have to Iive with what you've done
UNK: for the rest ofyour life.
UNK: You should really be nicer to the lady.
Ronaldo : Not that her little soft spot's gonna save you.
Ronaldo : 'Cause once we get that gold...
Beckett : Sonia's dad owned at least a half a dozen businesses.
UNK: Dry cleaners, car wash, a Cuban restaurant.
UNK: AII high cash flow.
Castle : Makes sense if he was selling off his gold bit by bit,
Castle : he'd need a place to launder the money.
Beckett : Well, according to the companies' bank records,
UNK: the weekly receipts were pretty uniform.
Castle : Except, look at this, the dry cleaners.
Castle : About three months ago, there was a spike in the weekly deposit amount.
Castle : And three months before that, and before that.
Beckett : Same with the restaurant.
Castle : So, he was retrieving some of the gold every three months, selling it off,
Castle : and then running the proceeds through his businesses.
Beckett : Hey, Ryan, where is Vikram with the GPS info from Pena's phone?
Ryan : He just sent this over.
Ryan : Pena stayed close to home most of the time.
Ryan : Except for this location.
Ryan : Looks to be an outlier. He wouldn't go there often. Only once...
Castle : - Every three months? - Exactly.
Ryan : - And only at night. - And what's there?
Beckett : It's a...
UNK: It's an old Con Ed storage facility. Perfect place for stashing coins.
Beckett : Pena owned a transport company that subcontracts with Con Ed.
Castle : Then that's it. That's where he is.
Beckett : Let's go. Once they find the gold, they're gonna make a run for it.
Castle : After they kill Espo.
Esposito : You guys should just turn yourselves in.
Esposito : Even if you do get away with the gold,
UNK: there's no place you can go where my guys won't find you.
Ronaldo : Maybe. But I like my odds a lot more than yours right now.
Sonia : She said it would be up there.
Ronaldo : You go up. I'll stay here with him.
Esposito : Careful, baby.
UNK: Wow. I haven't seen you smile like that since I gave you the ring.
Ronaldo : Shut up.
Esposito : Seems so long ago, doesn't it?
Sonia : It was a different life.
Esposito : What are you doing?
Ronaldo : We can't carry the gold and watch him at the same time.
Ronaldo : So, this is where his story ends.
Michael : - No. - Come on, babe.
Ronaldo : Don't even pretend like you didn't know it was gonna go down this way.
UNK: Turn away if you don't wanna see it.
Bartender : What the hell?
Sonia : I can't let you do that.
Ronaldo : We don't have time for this. He's gotta die, and we gotta go.
Sonia : No. we leave him here. Alive.
Ronaldo : He left you to rot in prison. I was the one who was there for you.
Ronaldo : So, why are you willing to shoot me to save him?
Sonia : Because I love him.
UNK: Stop, Javi. Javi! Javi! Stop!
Esposito : It's over, Sonia.
UNK: No.
Sonia : I won't go back. I can't.
Esposito : You can.