UNK: Richard Castle : That wasn't me.
UNK: Kate Beckett : Says the guy with the razor-sharp French toast
UNK: and a sausage kabob.
Castle : Okay, that was me. But that balloon had it coming.
Castle : To you, my love, my heart, my bride.
Castle : Welcome back to our home.
Beckett : Oh, that is so sweet, Castle.
UNK: But how is this really a welcome back
Beckett : if I've been sneaking into your room almost every night?
UNK: Well, because you've officially moved all your stuff back in.
Castle : Now that we've agreed to hunt LokSat together,
Castle : we can simply pick up exactly where we left off.
Beckett : And as I recall, we left off this morning somewhere right about here.
Castle : Lucy, music off.
Lucy : As you wish, Rick.
Beckett : What just happened?
UNK: I've integrated Lucy into all the loft's infrastructure.
Castle : Climate, lights, music.
Castle : You name it, she controls it. Just got to work out a few of the kinks.
Beckett : Well, I still like a few things the old-fashioned way.
Beckett : So, do you want me to make you a cup of coffee?
Lucy : Uh, no need, Kate.
Lucy : I've programmed Rick's coffee exactly to his liking.
UNK: Cuban blend, steamed milk, two sugars, pinch of nutmeg.
Castle : Amazing, huh?
Lucy : No, Rick, you're amazing.
Castle : No, you are.
Castle : No, you are.
Castle : - No, Lucy. You are. - Rick, you're amazing and you know it.
UNK: Beckett.
Castle : Stop it! I'm not doing this with you again.
Lucy : - You stop it. - Yeah. Got it.
Beckett : We have a homicide.
UNK: You, me, in a crime scene.
Castle : Just as nature intended.
UNK: AII right, Captain. Let's roll.
UNK: Yeah, no can do. Captains have to multitask.
Beckett : In fact, I am due for a meeting with the DA.
UNK: So, why don't you meet up with the boys?
Beckett : We can debrief later.
Castle : You got it.
UNK: Um, Lucy, do you think you could make me a cup of coffee?
UNK: A splash of low-fat milk, two Splendas?
UNK: No can do. AlloutofSplenda.
Lucy : But there is a Starbucks two blocks from here.
UNK: Wouldyou like directions?
Beckett : No, thanks. I know where it is.
Lucy : Great. Have fun. Good-bye. Leave the house.
UNK: Lanie, look who's here.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Castle, so happy you and Beckett are back together.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Now do us all a favor and don't mess things up with her again.
Castle : Why do you assume it was my fault?
UNK: Everything's your fault.
Lanie : Now, come meet our new victim.
Lanie : Michael Kirby. Single GSw.
UNK: Our thief/killer repelled from that AC duct.
Esposito : And they got away with $100,000 in cash.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : This is Darren Ives.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : He was inside when he heard the shot, rushed out,
UNK: Kevin Ryan : but the killer was already gone.
Darren : I don't know how that guy did it.
Darren : I mean, this is a high-security warehouse.
Darren : It's damn near Fort Knox.
Esposito : And you didn't see anything suspicious?
Darren : Nothing. It was just a normal drop.
Ryan : Let's finish taking your statement over here, please.
Lanie : Your allergies acting up?
Castle : What is this, gelatin?
Castle : It smells like ladies' perfume.
Castle : What is that scent? Is that white Diamonds?
Castle : No. Chanel No. 5.
UNK: Ah!
Castle : One Direction body spray. Nailed it.
UNK: This stuff dripped from the AC vent.
Lanie : CSU took samples.
Lanie : It's from the alarm sensors in the vent.
Lanie : Apparently, the killer used it to disable the security system.
Esposito : Lanie, can you ask the lab to put a rush on this?
Castle : Why, what is it?
Esposito : I've seen this MO before.
UNK: It was, like, 10 years ago.
UNK: So, when you worked with the 54th?
Esposito : Yeah. I collared a thief. Name was, uh, Sonia Ruiz.
Esposito : She was part of a crew that stole
UNK: $10 million worth of gold coins from some auction house.
Castle : And they used a fragrant gel, too?
Esposito : It was actually a unique blend of Jell-O and ladies' perfume.
Castle : You're saying a kids' dessert mixed with eau de toilette
Castle : can foil a sophisticated security system?
Castle : I'm telling you. we need a dog.
Beckett : Does that formula even work?
Esposito : Yeah, someone in the crew came up with it.
Esposito : The gelatin blocks the security lasers,
UNK: and the phthalates in the perfume
UNK: create an even distribution over the sensors.
Esposito : But the mix has to be exact.
UNK: 80% Jell-O, 20% perfume.
Ryan : Which is the precise ratio of the gelatin found at our crime scene.
Ryan : Lab sent over the analysis report.
Ryan : Identical to the heist from nine years ago,
Ryan : where the only perp captured was Sonia Ruiz.