UNK: Javier?
Ryan : You sure you're over her?
UNK: You might wanna tell your mouth.
Castle : Close that up.
Castle : - She's gorgeous. - She a'ight.
UNK: Are you all right?
Castle : You seemed a little taken aback when you first saw her.
UNK: No, man. Just, um...
Esposito : She's literally wearing the same outfit I arrested her in.
Castle : Nine years later, still a great dress.
Esposito : It was a Friday night.
Castle : What's that?
Esposito : It was a Friday night.
Esposito : We went salsa dancing on Friday nights.
Castle : You know, Javier, there's no shame in admitting
UNK: ifyou still have feelings.
Michael : I know.
Sonia : But I don't.
Esposito : She's just another convict. Nothing else.
UNK: Corrections Officer : This ankle monitor is a next-generation device
UNK: Corrections Officer : with a variety of new tracking features.
UNK: This is the instruction manual.
UNK: Now, I could walk you through some offeatures...
Sonia : what does he have to do with this?
UNK: Uh, Detective Ryan is gonna accompany you to the bar. He's...
Sonia : what, him? Hell no.
Sonia : Take me back to prison. This is not going to work.
Beckett : Wait, I'm sorry. what's the problem?
UNK: You're gonna send me into a Spanish Harlem bar
UNK: with Saint Paddy on my arm?
Ryan : Sweetheart, I used to work undercover. I can take care of myself.
UNK: Look, the only way this is gonna work
Sonia : is if I go in with somebody who can blend in.
Sonia : Someone like Javi.
Esposito : For the umpteenth time, Beckett, I can handle this.
Beckett : Really? Because if it was me, I don't think I would be that confident.
Esposito : Is it awkward? Of course.
Esposito : But it's the only way we're going to solve this murder.
UNK: Castle and Ryan are gonna be backing me up in a follow car.
UNK: What's the worst that could happen?
Darren : I don't know. And that's what makes me nervous.
UNK: Kate, I am not gonna let you down.
UNK: AII right. Listen up, Sonia.
Esposito : You do what I say, when I say it, understand?
Sonia : Nice to see you, too, sweetie.
Esposito : This is not a joke, okay? When I say "jump," you say...
UNK: That you're out ofyour damn mind
Sonia : if you think I'm jumping in these heels, okay?
Sonia : Speaking of, I need new clothes.
Sonia : 'Cause this outfit is damn near 10 years old,
UNK: and I've got a rep to protect.
Sonia : So I need labels.
Esposito : Fine, whatever. Let's just hurry up and get this over with.
Sonia : Didn't I used to say that to you whenever you got frisky at night?
Esposito : Let's go.
UNK: This is gonna be so much fun.
Sonia : Can you please speed up?
UNK: You know, my prison term is gonna be over by the time we get there.
Esposito : I'm going the speed limit.
UNK: Oh, good. You know, I don't want you to get pulled over by a cop.