Esposito : Great white?
Beckett : Jimmy Sanchez is dead. We confirmed that.
Joey : Yeah, but he ran other crews.
Joey : Ain't no telling how many of them he told.
Joey : Look, I'm a successful businessman now.
UNK: AII right? Whatever criminal instincts I had,
UNK: Iong gone.
Joey : I'm all about the chicken now.
Esposito : Hey, Cap.
Esposito : Joey's alibi checks out.
Esposito : We're pulling apart his financials,
Esposito : but it looks like he might be telling the truth.
UNK: Okay. I got unis taking Sonia back to prison.
Castle : Are you okay?
UNK: Yeah, I'm just, uh, you know...
Esposito : I'm just bummed it didn't work out.
Esposito : Not between me and Sonia, I'm talking about the case.
UNK: Ryan.
Esposito : - You got something? - Yeah.
Ryan : I think that crew used an inside man.
Beckett : What? what makes you think that?
Lanie : The security system at that high-security warehouse
Ryan : is way more sophisticated than the auction house
Ryan : where those gold coins were stolen.
Ryan : I mean, they had an infrared camera system
Ryan : that some low-tech bypass couldn't have knocked out.
Ryan : Yet, it was down at the time of the murder.
UNK: So, somebody on the inside did turn it off.
Ryan : Yes, Michael Kirby. Our victim.
Ryan : His security code was the one used.
Beckett : But if he was in on it, then why kill him?
Ryan : I don't know, but we could ask his wife.
Esposito : Hey, Captain, I'd like to, uh,
Esposito : volunteer to take Sonia back to the prison.
Beckett : No, I don't think that's a good idea.
Esposito : Yeah, I know, but it's the right thing to do.
UNK: AII right.
Beckett : You interview Kirby's wife.
Beckett : And I expect you back first thing in the morning ready to work.
Esposito : Yes, ma'am.
UNK: He's gonna be fine.
Esposito : I'll take her, boys. Captain's orders.
Sonia : This is bull, Javi. You know I can still help.
Esposito : I'm sorry, Joey was your only shot.
Sonia : This sucks.
Sonia : I thought I'd at least get
Sonia : a decent meal.
Sonia : Maybe a hot shower. Sleep in a real bed.
Esposito : Well, in three months you'll get all that.
Sonia : You don't understand.
Sonia : Nine years I've eaten prison food,
UNK: slept on a six-inch piece offoam.
Sonia : Nine years I've had to live on edge.
Sonia : And I thought I'd get, you know, a little time to relax.
UNK: Well, the drive's an hour.
Esposito : You can relax in the car.
UNK: Mrs. Kirby : What am I doing here? I already gave my statement.
Ryan : Mrs. Kirby,
Ryan : we know about your husband's involvement in the heist.
UNK: What?
Ryan : We found anonymous bank deposits
UNK: totaling $10,000
UNK: made to yourjoint account.
Ryan : We can charge you as an accessory.
UNK: Mrs. Kirby : My husband was in trouble.
UNK: Mrs. Kirby : He borrowed money from some bad people
UNK: Mrs. Kirby : and we couldn't pay it back.
UNK: Mrs. Kirby : And then last week a man came to him
UNK: Mrs. Kirby : and he said he could make the debt go away
UNK: Mrs. Kirby : if my husband would help him.
UNK: What's this man's name? What did he look like?
UNK: Mrs. Kirby : I don't know, I never met him.
UNK: AII I know is that Michael communicated on a pre-paid cell phone
UNK: Mrs. Kirby : he kept in the garage.
Ryan : - Is the phone still there? - Yeah.
Sonia : What are we doing?
Sonia : - This is your mom's house. - Yeah.
Esposito : It's Thursday. Family dinner night.
UNK: You can have a home-cooked meal and then it's straight back to the prison.
Sonia : I can't face your family, Javi.
Sonia : Not after what they know about me.
Esposito : I didn't tell them anything.
UNK: What?
Esposito : I told them that I was the one who screwed up.
Esposito : That you broke up with me.
Sonia : You did that for me?
Esposito : Thank you.
UNK: Right.
UNK: Hello.
UNK: Mijo, you're late.
Mama : You know how I worry. How hard is it to call?
UNK: The traffic... Come here, come here.
UNK: Hi.
Tito : What's up, cuz?
UNK: Still selling out to the man?
UNK: Are you still living in your mama's basement?
Mama : - Sonia? Is that you? - Yeah, whatever.
Mama : So, are you two back together?
Esposito : No, no. we are not together.
UNK: Eh, stupido!
Abuelita : Don't let this one get away twice.
UNK: Come, eat, eat.