UNK: Yeah, that's her.
Beckett : So, obviously, this wasn't a coincidence.
Beckett : Most likely, someone from the crew reused the technique
Beckett : and is behind our victim's murder.
Ryan : Well, it couldn't have been Sonia. She got 15 years.
Beckett : And what about the rest of the crew?
Esposito : Nah, she didn't give up any names.
Esposito : The rumor was that the crew was put together
UNK: by some mysterious shot-caller.
Esposito : Goes by the street name of Great white.
Ryan : Is it possible to trace them through the stolen gold coins?
Ryan : I mean, they had to have tried to sell them at some point.
Esposito : There hasn't been any trace of them since the heist.
Castle : Well, that makes sense.
Castle : If they melted the coins down for the gold,
Castle : that would render the coins untraceable.
Beckett : Espo, why don't we pay Sonia Ruiz a little visit?
Beckett : She might not have turned on her crew back in the day,
Beckett : but after nine years' hard time, we might be able to persuade her.
Esposito : You know what? From what I remember, she may be the type to hold a grudge,
UNK: so you might have better luck taking Castle with you.
UNK: Ooh! Not falling for that trick again.
Castle : Contrary to what you three Ied me to believe,
Castle : those women's prisons are nothing like the late-night Skinemax movies.
UNK: So, have fun.
UNK: AII right, Ms. Ruiz, tell me what you know.
UNK: Sonia Ruiz : Please. I didn't snitch back in the day, why would I start now?
Beckett : Because nine years ago this was just a burglary, and now it's a murder.
Sonia : Murder? who died?
Beckett : An armored truck driver.
Beckett : Look, Sonia, you help me out, I'll help you out.
Sonia : With what?
Sonia : I'm up for parole in three months,
Sonia : and due to overcrowding, I'm locked to get out.
Beckett : Not if I go to your parole hearing
Beckett : and testify that you refused to cooperate in solving a homicide.
Sonia : It's like that?
UNK: I've got an innocent man in the morgue,
Beckett : who left behind a wife and two small kids,
Beckett : so, yeah, it's like that.
Sonia : I couldn't help you even if I wanted to.
UNK: The gold-coin heist Great white set up was a two-person job,
Sonia : but I don't know my partner's name.
Beckett : That doesn't make any sense.
Sonia : And yet it's true.
Sonia : He didn't know my name, and I didn't know his.
Sonia : So neither one of us could rat out the other.
Sonia : We used shark names.
Sonia : I was Mako. He was Hammerhead.
UNK: AII right. what can you tell me about Great white?
Sonia : Now, his name I knew.
Sonia : Jimmy Sanchez.
UNK: He was a neighborhood shot-caller back in the day.
Beckett : Okay. So, where can I find him?
Sonia : In the cemetery.
Sonia : He died a little over three years ago.
Beckett : Wait, if Great white is dead, then Hammerhead's most likely our killer.
UNK: That Jell-O/perfume formula was his invention, so it has to be.
Beckett : What do you remember about Hammerhead?
UNK: Um...
Beckett : Anything at all.
Sonia : Once he let it slip that he met Jimmy Sanchez
UNK: at a bar called, um, EI Toro.
Beckett : Good. I'll have my detectives head off over there.
Sonia : Good luck with that, lady.
Sonia : It's up in Spanish Harlem.
Sonia : No one there talks to the police.
Sonia : However, they will talk to me.
Beckett : You want me to put you on the street?
UNK: No.
Sonia : Hey, you're hanging parole over my head.
Sonia : You want Hammerhead? This is how you get him.
Esposito : The Department of Corrections authorized her furlough?
Beckett : Yeah. Right now, Sonia is our best and only path
Beckett : to Hammerhead's real identity.
Ryan : So what's the plan?
Beckett : You and Espo are gonna head over to the...
Beckett : Excuse me, what's going on? What are you not telling me?
UNK: So... It's a funny story.
UNK: Really...
UNK: Sonia and I, we were kind of involved.
Castle : Involved, like dating?
Esposito : Dating? No. Come on, not dating.
Esposito : We were more like engaged.
Ryan : Engaged? You were...
Ryan : wait a second. AII these years, you never told me that?
Esposito : - You never asked. - You're a cop.
Ryan : How could you get involved with a criminal?
Castle : Well, technically, they were in the same line ofwork,
UNK: so, really, it's a workplace romance.
Esposito : Thank you.
Sonia : I didn't know she was a crook at first, okay?
Esposito : I met her at a club. She seemed normal.
UNK: And we just... we just clicked.
Esposito : And it's probably why she hid who she really was from me.
Beckett : And when did you find out the truth?
Esposito : After it was too late.
Esposito : We were engaged. And then she started acting strange.
Esposito : Disappearing at odd hours.
UNK: And then she couldn't Iook me in the eye.
Esposito : And then news of that gold-coin heist broke and I...
Esposito : I don't know. I knew.
Esposito : And I was the one who arrested her.
Castle : So, did you ask for the ring back or did you let her keep that
Castle : so she could trade it for cigarettes in the prison yard?
UNK: That's... Don't answer that.
Beckett : Okay. So, obviously, you're sitting this one out.
Esposito : Whoa, whoa. Why are you benching me?
UNK: Okay, I get it. But there's no need.
Esposito : Any feelings I had for her died the moment I slapped those cuffs on.
Esposito : Trust me, I am over her completely.