Mama : I made Javier's favorite.
UNK: Mofongo.
Sonia : You're a lucky man, Javi.
UNK: And why is that?
Sonia : Your family.
Sonia : You know, I really never had one.
Sonia : My dad left when I was five,
UNK: and Mom had two jobs just to keep the lights on.
Sonia : I have a lot of regrets, Javi.
Sonia : Bad choices,
Sonia : compromises I made,
Sonia : the path I took.
UNK: Ifthings would've been different,
Sonia : we'd have had a family of our own by now.
UNK: If.
Sonia : It would have been good.
Esposito : I better get you back.
Sonia : Can I at least take that hot shower?
UNK: Please.
Esposito : Ten minutes, okay? Then we gotta hit the road.
UNK: You can join me ifyou want.
UNK: Uh... I don't think that would be a good idea.
Sonia : I'll leave the door unlocked,
Sonia : just in case you change your mind.
UNK: Great. Hey, Ryan?
Ryan : - Hey, Javi, listen to me. - Yep.
Ryan : Our victim was the inside man.
Ryan : He communicated with the killer using a burnercell.
Ryan : I pulled the records from the killer's phone.
UNK: I traced the calls itmade.
Ryan : There were three made to Sonia's prison.
Esposito : What are you saying?
Ryan : Sonia was in on it.
Esposito : I can't believe I was so stupid.
Esposito : She played me.
Ryan : Yeah, she sure did, buddy.
UNK: Mrs. Kirby : Kevin, I fixed you your own plate.
Esposito : What're you doing?
Ryan : Dude, it's your mom's mofongo.
Ryan : The whole world could be ending, I'd still be chowing down.
Esposito : Wait. where's Beckett?
Ryan : She doesn't know. Because if she did, you'd be in deep trouble.
Ryan : So, we're going to track your girl down before our captain finds out.
UNK: No. I can't ask you to do that.
Ryan : You don't have to, I'm volunteering.
UNK: AII right? So let's turn your brain back on.
Ryan : If Sonia was communicating with the killer,
UNK: and she orchestrated this whole armored car heist
Ryan : to look exactly like the one she went to prison for,
Ryan : knowing that we'd go to talk to her.
Esposito : Then Sonia would get out and lead us to Joey,
Esposito : who pulled a gun so she could run away.
Esposito : The whole thing was an escape plan that she set up with Joey beforehand.
Esposito : Unfortunately for Sonia, we ran her down.
UNK: Okay, assuming all this is true, why now?
Darren : I mean, she had three months left until parole.
Ryan : Why throw that all away?
Esposito : I don't know. But I bet you Joey does.
Joey : I don't know what you're talking about.
Ryan : We pulled your financials, Joey.
Ryan : You know, it turns out that
UNK: Chicken-Chicken-Chicken is bankrupt-bankrupt-bankrupt.
Joey : I'm doing some corporate restructuring. AII right? That's no crime.
Esposito : We also found a pair of phone calls to your phone
Esposito : from the same burner phone that called our victim.
Esposito : Now, that makes you an accessory to murder.
UNK: Okay.
Joey : I got a phone call from a guy that I never met.
UNK: He said he knew I was in trouble and he offered to bail me out.
Ryan : How much would that take?
Joey : Half a million.
Esposito : They didn't get a fraction of that from the bankjob.
Esposito : Sonia's share of the gold. We never found it.
Ryan : Maybe that's why she broke out.
Esposito : But again, why now?
UNK: That money will still be there in three months.
Esposito : Play time's over, Joey.
Esposito : You better tell us who this guy is
UNK: or you're gonna be Iiving in an eight-foot cell
Esposito : until they carry you out in a six-foot box.
Joey : I swear, I'm telling the truth.
UNK: AII right? AII I know is that he was an ex-boyfriend.
Darren : I don't know any of Sonia's ex-boyfriends.
Esposito : Why don't you see ifyou can ID any of them,
Esposito : meanwhile, I'll pull visitor logs from the prison.
UNK: AII right.
Ryan : It's Beckett.
Esposito : - Hey, Captain. - Hey, how's it going?
Ryan : Fine, just running down leads.
UNK: Uh-huh. And how's Javi holding up?
Ryan : He's been better.
Beckett : You know what? I'll bring some Cronuts by in the morning.
Beckett : That usually cheers him up.
Beckett : Okay, I'll talk to you soon. Bye.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : Everything all right?
Beckett : I don't know. I hope so.
Martha : - This'll make it better. - Thank you.
Martha : I have to say, Katherine,
Martha : it is so good to have you home.