UNK: I just saw Kathy naked.
Chandler : It was like torture.
UNK: If we go to war and you're captured, you're in for a surprise.
UNK: It keeps getting worse.
UNK: It bad enough that I'm in love with my roommate's girlfriend.
UNK: Every time we're in the same room, there's weird energy between us.
Chandler : Call me crazy, but I think she likes me too.
Chandler : And now I have seen her naked.
UNK: At least with her clothes on...
Chandler : ...I could imagine her body was covered in boils.
UNK: But there are no boils. She's smooth.
UNK: Smooth!
UNK: -Could everyone see up his robe? -Oh, my God!
Casey : -Here you go. -I'll call you.
UNK: Great!
UNK: Hey, hey. Who was that?
UNK: Casey. We're going out tonight.
UNK: Going out? Wow!
UNK: It didn't work out with Kathy? Bummer.
Joey : No, things are fine.
UNK: I'm having a late meal with her after an early one with Casey.
UNK: -What? -Yeah.
Joey : The craziest thing is, I just ate a whole pizza myself.
UNK: You're going out with Kathy!
UNK: Yeah. Why are you upset?
UNK: Well, I'm upset...
Chandler : ...for you.
Chandler : Sex with an endless line of beautiful women must be unfulfilling.
UNK: What's the big deal? It's not like we're exclusive.
Chandler : Look, Joey.
UNK: Kathy's clearly not fulfilling your emotional needs.
Chandler : But, Casey...
UNK: Granted, I just saw the back of her head.
Chandler : But I got this sense that she's smart and funny...
Chandler : ...and gets you.
Joey : You got all that from the back of her head?
UNK: I think it's time for you to settle down.
Chandler : Make a choice. Pick a lane.
UNK: Who's Elaine?
UNK: Little Tony Tarzan
Phoebe : Swinging on a nose hair Swinging with the greatest of ease
UNK: I don't know the next verse.
UNK: You could just go :
Phoebe : Greatest of ease
Ross : Then go right into it.
Phoebe : I like that.
Phoebe : How do you know about...?
UNK: You know, I used to play.
UNK: That's right. The keyboards?
Ross : A little in high school. I got into it in college.
UNK: That's when I really found my sound.
Monica : Orange juice just came out of my nose, but it was worth it.
All : Oh, my God!
Monica : I completely forgot about your sound.
UNK: He'd lock himself in the basement for hours.
UNK: No one was ever allowed to hear the sound.
UNK: I want to hear the sound.
Ross : No, I mean, I haven't played in so long.
UNK: Well, it's really personal stuff.
Phoebe : Play that funky music, white boy.
UNK: -Yeah, come on. -No, you guys.
Ross : My keyboards are all the way Yeah, okay.
UNK: Who wants to get dinner later? I wanna try that new Italian restaurant.
UNK: Supposed to be really good. Saw a lot of Chinese people eating in there.
UNK: What are you talking about?
UNK: You said some restaurant must be good because Chinese people were eating there.
UNK: That's because it was a Chinese restaurant.
UNK: I still wanna go. Who wants to come?