Chandler : You have got to try this cheesecake.
UNK: You know, I'm not that much of a sweet tooth...
UNK: Oh, my God, it's so creamy!
UNK: That's the best cheesecake I've ever had!
Rachel : Where did you get this?
Chandler : It was at the front door when I got home. Somebody sent it to us.
UNK: This isn't addressed to you.
Rachel : This is addressed to Mrs. Braverman downstairs!
UNK: Thief!
Chandler : I didn't read the box before I opened it...
Chandler : ...and you can't return a box after you opened it!
Rachel : - Why not? - Because it's too delicious!
Rachel : You stole this cheesecake. That's wrong.
UNK: No, it'll be okay because Mrs. Braverman will send for a free one.
Chandler : That way, we all win.
Chandler : The only losers are the big cheesecake conglomerate...
UNK: ..."Mama's Little Bakery."
Chandler : I feel terrible.
UNK: I'm a horrible, horrible person.
UNK: I'm sorry, what?
UNK: The One With All The Cheesecakes
UNK: So...
UNK: Mr. Smarty Pants.
UNK: It's just my character that's not brain-dead.
UNK: Pheebs, still on for tonight?
Phoebe : - Absolutely. - I'll see you at 8.
UNK: What's at 8?
UNK: Dinner. We get together about once a month to discuss the rest of you.
Ross : Wow! Did not know that.
Ross : May I say how lovely you look today?
Phoebe : Duly noted.
Ross : So for tomorrow, do you want to rent a car and drive down together?
Monica : - What are you talking about? - Cousin Frannie's wedding.
Monica : You were invited?
UNK: No.
UNK: Oh, my God, I can't believe this.
UNK: I thought only Mom and Dad were invited.
UNK: From the ages of 7 to 9, Frannie and I were inseparable.
Chandler : Maybe since the age of 9, Frannie's made some new friends.
UNK: Do you wanna make some new friends?
UNK: It's probably just a mistake. Let me call Aunt Cheryl.
Ross : Maybe you are invited and the invitation got lost in the mail.
Monica : You call her and tell her that when we were kids...
UNK: ...her precious Frannie tried to undress me several times.
UNK: If I hadn't stopped her, there wouldn't be a wedding to go to.
Ross : She tried to undress me too.
Chandler : I used to undress my cousin Glenn.
Phoebe : Joseph Francis Tribbiani, are you home yet?
UNK: I think he's still out. What's wrong?
UNK: I'll tell you, Rachel Karen Greene.
Phoebe : I had plans with Joey, and he left me this note.
UNK: "Pheebs, can't make it. Got a date. Talk to you later.
Rachel : Big Daddy."
UNK: - "Big Daddy"? - That's a nickname we were trying.
UNK: Why didn't you guys try "Francis"?
UNK: Francis is a cooler name than Chandler, isn't it?
UNK: You know what nickname never caught on? "The Ross-a-tron."