UNK: Here's Joseph Francis!
UNK: Wait, what are you middle-naming me for?
Joey : I left you a note.
UNK: That doesn't give you the right to ditch me!
Joey : You can cancel plans with friends if there's a possibility for sex.
UNK: He's right. That is the rule.
David : - Really? - Well, that's what I hear.
UNK: I've never gotten a chance to actually employ the rule.
UNK: I don't accept it. When we make plans, I expect you to show up.
UNK: I'm not a way to kill time till you meet someone better.
UNK: Boyfriends and girlfriends will come and go, but this is for life.
UNK: I'm so sorry. I had no idea it would bother you this much.
Phoebe : Well, it does.
UNK: Well, can I make it up to you?
UNK: I'm sorry.
Joey : How about dinner tomorrow night? I'll pay for myself.
Phoebe : Okay, you wore me down.
UNK: While you're over there, how about a beer for "The Ross-a-tron"?
UNK: "Ross..." Is that back?
UNK: The other cheesecake came.
UNK: They delivered it here again.
UNK: Just bring it downstairs. What's the problem?
UNK: I can't seem to say goodbye.
Rachel : Are you serious?
UNK: We ate an entire cake two days ago and you want more?
UNK: Well, I've forgotten what it tastes like.
Rachel : It was cheesecake. It was fine.
Rachel : It had a buttery, crumbly, graham cracker crust...
Rachel : ...with a very rich...
Rachel : ...yet light cream cheese filling.
Rachel : Wow, my whole mouth just filled with saliva.
Chandler : Know what? Forget it. We're just hungry.
UNK: We haven't had lunch. We're just lightheaded.
UNK: So let's go have lunch and forget about the cheesecake.
UNK: We'll drop it off so we're not tempted.
UNK: - Where do you want to eat? - Mama's Little Bakery, Chicago.
UNK: Joey, that paper's like a year old.
UNK: Does that mean the Sam Goody's sale is over?
Ross : So I finally heard back from Aunt Cheryl...
UNK: ...and apparently it wasn't a mistake.
UNK: There's limited seating...
UNK: Limited seating? I am just one tiny person!
UNK: Yeah, but she doesn't know that.
Ross : I mean, the last time she saw you...
UNK: ...you'd have turned one of those little wedding chairs into kindling.
UNK: "Limited seating." That's such a lame excuse.
UNK: That's not the reason she's not inviting me.
UNK: What's the big deal? I wasn't invited to the ceremony, just the reception.
Ross : If it makes you feel any better, Joan and I will just make an appearance...
UNK: ...and then we'll leave early as a sign of protest.
Ross : - Joan? - Yeah, my date.
UNK: Assistant professor in linguistics. Tall, very beautiful.
Ross : And despite what some people say, not broad-backed.
Monica : Wait a minute. You got "Ross Geller and Guest"?
UNK: I wasn't invited, and you got "and Guest"?
Joey : Excuse me, I do have to interrupt on Ross' behalf.
Joey : I think the rule applies here.
UNK: Since he has a chance to get on broad-back...
UNK: Not broad-back!
UNK: Dude, I've seen her. She's like a billboard.
UNK: Wait a minute. You're bringing me.
UNK: I can't cancel on Joan.
Rachel : - Why not? - Did you not hear me?
UNK: She's an assistant professor in the linguistics department.
UNK: They're wild.
Ross : - Why do you want to come anyway? - Because...
UNK: ...she's my cousin.
Monica : I mean, we grew up together.
UNK: Family, you know? And all that's important to me.
UNK: Okay, all right. I'll take you.
UNK: I'll go call Joan.
UNK: Oh, that's nice.
Joey : Family should be there.
UNK: It's her wedding. Happiest day of her life.
UNK: We'll see.
Chandler : Well, thank you for lunch.