Beckett : So, you lied to a cop.
Mickey : Let's be realistic. The guy died from a heart attack, right?
UNK: What?
Beckett : It was a heart attack that was a result of toxins in his system.
Beckett : Toxins that he ingested somewhere around the time that you saw him.
Mickey : So, you guys are saying that I killed Bobby? Why?
UNK: Well, it's no secret you were supposed to get his 11 : 30 slot,
UNK: but Bobby extended his contract. Maybe you couldn't wait.
Mickey : - You sound as demented as Bobby. - What do you mean?
UNK: The last time I saw him, we're best of pals, right?
Mickey : The other night, he comes over, he's ranting and raving,
Castle : talking about what a disloyal punk I'd been.
UNK: Bobby's Producer : - Why? - Man, I don't know.
Mickey : All he kept saying was he knew things.
Mickey : And I'm like, "Bobby, what are you talking about?"
Mickey : He storms out, saying I knew what I'd done.
Beckett : CSUs at Mickey's apartment,
Beckett : running a sweep for our toxin.
UNK: Killing the King of Late Night to take his throne.
Castle : Did you want a bite of this?
UNK: The White House on speed dial. Hell, I'll sic God on you!
UNK: And you. I don't ever want to see you on my network again.
UNK: You're banned! And you...
UNK: I don't know you.
UNK: You're all a bunch of nobodies. I could buy this precinct!
Montgomery : Howard Weisberg, president of the network.
Montgomery : He just found out about the search warrant for Mickey Reed.
Montgomery : He also found out that we think Bobby Mann was murdered.
Bobby : - How? - Breaking news
Montgomery : on a different network.
Montgomery : The guy got scooped on his own star's murder.
Beckett : So much for keeping the press out.
Montgomery : You two better be right about all this.
UNK: - Text-giggling, really? - It's Alexis.
Castle : - She just saw a loon feeding. - Funny, so did I.
Ryan : Hey, so Mann's Bugatti is still in the garage.
Ryan : They won't let us touch it without a search warrant.
UNK: $2 million car.
Esposito : Apparently, it's worth more than their insurance policy.
UNK: - You sure they aren't joyriding? - All right, check with the judge.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: If his car's still in the garage, where'd he go after Mickey's place?
Beckett : It couldn't have been very far.
Beckett : Hey, Ryan, did Mickey's doorman mention
Beckett : what direction Mann was headed when he left?
Esposito : - South. - South.
Castle : South on Broadway from 57th. That's the theatre district.
UNK: At 2 : 00 in the morning. There's nothing playing then.
Castle : Well, there's diners, there's clubs, there's restaurants.
Beckett : Well, other than the poison and the gum,
Beckett : we know he didn't eat or drink anything.
Castle : Maybe "Tory" is a place he went.
Castle : Conservatory. Inventory. Purgatory.
Beckett : Factory! The Comic Factory! Mann was a comedian.
Beckett : He went to a comedy club.
Castle : Comic Factory is on 55th and Broadway.
Castle : That's two blocks south.
UNK: He put his gum in a piece of paper from a Comic Factory flyer.
Castle : - You're right. - And then, from the forensics,
Beckett : we know he didn't have the cranberry or the balsamic before he spit it out.
Castle : So, he was poisoned either at or after the club.
Beckett : Then Mickey Reed didn't kill Bobby. He's not our guy.
Beckett : Hey, guys. How do you feel about going to see a little comedy?
Esposito : The guy's got the most recognizable face in comedy.
UNK: Owner Of The Club : Yeah. I know. Look, I got a call on the club phone,
UNK: and caller ID's from Bobby's show.
UNK: Owner Of The Club : A guy asks about one of my comedians.
UNK: Couple of hours later, a guy shows up to see that comedian,
UNK: but he's got a funny-Iooking mustache and he's wearing a baseball cap.