Castle : Ellie Monroe.
Beckett : Thank you for coming by, Ms. Monroe.
Castle : Of course.
Beckett : Weisberg's alibi is good.
UNK: Well, go on, you can say it. "I told you so."
Castle : No, thanks. I'm actually not in a gloating mood.
Beckett : His alibi sets us back to square one.
Beckett : Which means we have no idea who the blackmailer is,
Beckett : and we don't know why Mann went to the comedy club
Beckett : and trashed Angel Santana's bike.
Beckett : We have no idea who the killer is.
Castle : Well, the good news is I can work all night.
Castle : No plans.
UNK: You know, it's late and I'm kind of tired.
Beckett : How about we pick this up in the morning?
Castle : All righty, then. And the boys'll be back on duty tomorrow,
Castle : to coin a phrase,
Castle : which would be inaccurate because you are not a boy.
Beckett : Is this some kind of a weird come-on?
Castle : I think I know what Bobby Mann was doing at that comedy club,
Castle : I think I know why he thought he was an awful person,
Castle : and I think I know who killed him.
Beckett : Mr. McPhee?
Hank : I was just going over my notes for the tribute.
UNK: Thirty-five years of friendship.
UNK: It's kind of hard to find just the right story to tell.
Hank : What can I do for you?
Castle : Just came by to give you this. Bobby's idea book.
Castle : - We thought you might like it. - Thanks.
Beckett : We did have a question about what he wrote on the last page.
Castle : "The boys'll be back on duty tomorrow night."
Beckett : Actually he crossed out "boys" and wrote "gang," "posse," and "crew."
Ryan : Any idea why?
Hank : - I guess we'll never know. - I wouldn't be too sure about that.
Castle : The network was pressuring Bobby to make a change.
Castle : They threatened to cancel him unless he did.
Beckett : And the night that he was murdered,
Beckett : he told Barbara that something awful was going on.
Beckett : He asked her if he was a good person. Why would he say that?
Hank : Because of Kayla.
Beckett : Not Kayla, Hank, because of you. He knew that he had to fire you.
Beckett : He knew he needed to find someone younger and hipper
UNK: if he was going to survive.
Castle : Someone like Angel Santana.
Castle : Weisberg confirmed that she was on the network's shortlist.
Beckett : That's why it wasn't "boys" anymore, Hank.
Castle : 'Cause Angel's a girl.
Hank : This is ridiculous. Bobby would never fire me.
Castle : - Then why did you kill him? - I didn't!
UNK: We ran your credit cards, Hank.
Beckett : The night that he was murdered, you went to a 24-hour grocery store
UNK: and bought two things, cranberry juice and balsamic vinegar.
UNK: It's time-stamped. 1 : 56 a.m.
Castle : And I'm betting if we test your keys,
Castle : we'll find metal from Angel Santana's motorcycle,
Castle : where you scratched in "late night bitch."
Hank : He told me that night, just before he left the studio.
Hank : How he'd heard Weisberg say they were going to bury him
Hank : unless he made a change.
UNK: Thirty-five years I had his back,
Hank : he was gonna toss me aside like one of his ex-wives.
Hank : Humiliate me in front of the whole country.
Hank : I knew it was coming. I saw the little signs,
Hank : the awkward moments in the hall.
Hank : I sent him that picture of him and Kayla to remind him of all the secrets I kept.
Hank : You know what he said?
Hank : The scandal would only help his ratings.
Beckett : You bought your poison and you followed him to the club.
Hank : I confronted him when he came out.
Hank : I told him not to throw away everything we'd built.
Hank : He told me he couldn't save me.
Hank : Weisberg was going younger with or without him.
Castle : Well, if you knew he didn't have a choice, why did you kill him?
Hank : Because he did have another choice! Go down with the ship!
Hank : We both go out gracefully, and Bobby gets 80 million bucks.
Hank : Instead of him continuing the show with some kid.
Hank : I gave him over 4,000 shows,
Hank : laughing at every lousy joke he cracked whether they were funny or not.
UNK: Jeez...
Beckett : So, how did you manage it?
Hank : When I knew I couldn't change his mind, I told him
Hank : I understood.
Hank : We walked over to the West Side Highway,
Hank : sat on a bench, looked out at the water,
Hank : talked about what a great run we'd had.
Hank : Then, I offered him a drink.
Hank : He was my best friend.
Hank : You don't do that to your friend.
Castle : Yet another example
Castle : of why you shouldn't mix business with pleasure.
Castle : Even show business.