UNK: - He looked like Bobby. - Did he talk to anyone?
Ryan : - Did he have a drink? - No.
Owner : He sat in the back, left his drink ticket
Owner : and bolted out the side after watching the comedian he came to see.
Ryan : Anything special about this particular comedian?
Owner : Angel Santana? The proverbial rising star.
Owner : I'm assuming you know about the incident that night.
Esposito : What incident?
UNK: I'm Angel Santana. Good night, ya'II.
Esposito : Ms. Santana, I'm Detective Esposito, this is Detective Ryan.
Angel : Hey. Thanks for coming.
Angel : The officer I talked to did not instill a lot of confidence.
Esposito : - You want to tell us about it? - Not much to tell.
Angel : During my set that night, someone smashed my bike's tail light,
Angel : banged up the fenders and scratched "late night bitch" into the tank.
Angel : I mean, what does that even mean?
Ryan : Actually, we're not here about your bike.
Esposito : Ms. Santana, did you know Bobby Mann?
Angel : You mean personally? No. Why?
Ryan : Well, because he came to see your act on the night he was killed.
Ryan : Any idea why?
Angel : Wow. He probably trashed my bike.
Angel : I've heard stories about him. I know guys he's blackballed
Angel : just because they did his competitor's show.
Esposito : Is there any reason why he might have wanted to come after you?
Angel : His producer tried to book me on his show last month,
Angel : but Mickey Reed wanted me, too.
Angel : I had to pick. Mickey felt more like my vibe.
UNK: Club owner said Bobby left at 2 : 30
UNK: and the bartender confirms he didn't drink anything.
Beckett : Which leaves us two hours left to account for.
UNK: And a whole lot of strange behavior.
Beckett : Why would Bobby go see a comedian who didn't want to do his show,
Beckett : and then bust up her bike?
Ryan : Aren't famous people crazy and narcissistic?
UNK: - I don't know. Got to ask Castle. - Where is Castle, anyway?
Castle : - Gonna need some new shirts. - No shirts.
Castle : - Good morning. - It's okay, Castle.
Beckett : You don't have to pretend to not be in a good mood for my sake.
Castle : Why should I be in a good mood? I mean, I'm a writer.
Castle : We famously brood.
Castle : - I should brood more. - You want to brood?
UNK: Forensics on Angel Santana's motorcycle are a bust.
UNK: There's no fingerprints. Nothing.
Beckett : We have no idea where Mann was after 2 : 30.
Castle : What about his car?
Beckett : Ryan and Esposito got a warrant this morning.
Beckett : But, seeing that he was poisoned after he parked it,
Beckett : chances are we won't find anything. And his financials were clear.
Beckett : He pays more in alimony in a day than I make in an entire year.
Beckett : There's no red flags on his phone records,
Beckett : and I re-interviewed all of his colleagues.
Beckett : No one has any idea why he was acting so paranoid.
Castle : You're not paranoid if someone's actually trying to kill you.
Castle : Hey, Tony. How's my favorite movie mogul?
Castle : Yes! Right? She'd be perfect for Nikki.
Castle : Yes, perfect. Thank you.