Barbara : I thought he was going home.
Barbara : Something awful was going on.
Beckett : He knew someone was after him.
Castle : But he doesn't tell his ex-wife or his best friend. Instead, he tells me.
Beckett : Maybe it's because he knew you were working with the cops.
UNK: "Tell me I'm a good person."
Castle : Like he was doing something he was ashamed of.
UNK: Mmm-hmm.
UNK: Okay, neighbors confirm Barbara Mann's story.
UNK: One of them saw Bobby leave her apartment at 1 : 15 a.m.
Beckett : That's outside of our kill zone, which means we need to figure out
Beckett : where he went to next.
Beckett : Let's canvass all the garages in the area,
Beckett : see if we can find Mann's car.
Beckett : Let's also look into his financials for the usual secrets,
Beckett : drugs, gambling, prostitution.
Esposito : - Yeah. - Okay.
UNK: Hello?
Ellie : Ellie, hi.
Castle : Ellie Monroe, from the show.
Castle : Yeah. No, I know. I understand.
UNK: No, I think that's a great idea. Yeah.
Castle : Okay, I'll meet you there. Bye.
Beckett : Ellie Monroe, huh?
Castle : Yeah. She's pretty upset about this whole Bobby Mann thing,
Castle : that we were his last guests.
Castle : She thinks it would be comforting if we were to be together.
Beckett : "Comforting." Is that what the cool kids call it these days?
Castle : Wow. You are so cynical.
Castle : You know, sometimes, after a tragedy, two human beings just need
Castle : to be with each other, just for no other reason than to
Castle : show each other some understanding and support.
Castle : I'm just glad I can be comforting.
Castle : Good morning, Detective.
Castle : - Really? - What?
Beckett : Lose the "I just got laid" voice, all right?
Castle : What are you talking about?
Beckett : I am a trained detective, so don't bother denying it.
Castle : Okay, fine.
Beckett : Oh, so now you're not denying it?
Castle : You just told me not to.
Beckett : Hey, guys, any news on the car?
Esposito : Nothing at any of the garages near Barbara Mann's building.
UNK: We checked restaurant valets in the area.
UNK: Bobby paid the guy at Mozart's
UNK: a hundred bucks to keep it close while he ran up to his ex.
UNK: Witness says he left a little before 1 : 30.
UNK: 61 st and Central Park West.
Beckett : Where did he go after that?
Esposito : Maybe check traffic cams in the area.
Esposito : A guy in a sports car like that might have blasted through some red lights.
Beckett : Yeah, it's a bit of a Hail Mary, but it's worth a try.
Castle : Maybe we don't need traffic cams. Why not just the man on the street?
Castle : I mean, a celebrity in a Bugatti Veyron? Come on.
UNK: People aren't just going to notice that, they are going to talk about it.
Castle : Or, more specifically, tweet. And, boo-yah.
UNK: "1 : 37 a.m. Bobby Mann, FTW!
Beckett : "Just saw him driving some spaceship car into a garage
UNK: - "at Broadway and 57th." - On it.
Beckett : - "FTW"? - "For the win."
Castle : Means, "My tweet kicks your tweet's butt."
UNK: Come on, Beckett. You got to keep up, hang with the cool kids.
Beckett : I believe this is for you.