UNK: Ms. Marks bobby's Producer : He was banging my daughter right under my nose? I will kill him!
Castle : - He's already dead. - Well, I will kill him again!
UNK: Ms. Marks : - I don't care! Where's the corpse? - Ms. Marks, we just...
UNK: Ms. Marks : Kayla! My office! Now! Move it!
Kayla : Mom, you don't... Move it!
Hank : You realize if this gets out it'll destroy Bobby's reputation.
Beckett : We're not trying to add to an already difficult situation,
Beckett : we're just trying to find the killer.
Hank : Bobby wasn't an angel, but you look at the man in his entirety,
Hank : he deserves to be remembered with grace.
Hank : This business gets clouded by money, fame, ambition.
Hank : The only thing that Bobby really cared about was making people laugh.
Beckett : Well, whoever took this either works for the show
Beckett : or had access to this building.
Beckett : And maybe it was someone in a financial jam
Beckett : who was looking to score a quick buck,
Beckett : or maybe it's someone with a grudge against Bobby.
Hank : I can't imagine anyone doing that.
Hank : He was a great boss. Everyone loved him.
Castle : Yeah. And apparently, he loved them back.
Hank : Okay, Janine can get you a list of everyone on the crew
Hank : once she's done yelling at Kayla.
UNK: Poor kid. Who knows, she might've ended up being number seven.
UNK: Beckett.
Beckett : What have we got?
Ryan : Well, once we suspected blackmail, I ran through his financials again.
Beckett : - I thought they were clean. - Well, they were.
Ryan : But going back, we found this.
UNK: He spent a hundred grand on a kitchen reno.
Ryan : Totally legitimate. But we searched his brownstone.
Castle : And he wasn't renovating his kitchen.
Beckett : So who was on the receiving end of the hundred grand?
Ryan : - Zach Robinson. - Good bad-guy name.
UNK: Snaky "Z," hard "K." Even has "rob" in it.
Ryan : Good bad-guy rap sheet, too. Former lowlife private investigator.
Beckett : I remember this guy. He had some celebrity clients back in the day.
Beckett : He was known for digging up dirt on folks
Beckett : and turning it into a personal payday.
UNK: Did a nickel on multiple counts of extortion, wiretapping,
UNK: racketeering, and blackmail.
UNK: Well, Robinson must've gotten the picture from somebody on the inside.
UNK: Sure, figured it's worth a fast buck.
Castle : But if Bobby paid, why would he kill him?
Beckett : Bobby figured out that Robinson was a blackmailer,
Beckett : and then he threatened to take him to the cops.
Castle : Bobby pushes, Robinson pushes back harder.
Beckett : - Let's go pick him up. Easier said than done.
Ryan : Esposito already ran down his last known address.
Ryan : Robinson's in the wind.
Beckett : Well, let's keep looking.
Ellie : You are a bad man, Zach Robinson.
Ellie : A dirty, naughty, no-good blackmailer.
Castle : Do you do all your interrogations in bed, Detective Heat?
Ellie : You think this is funny, Robinson?
Castle : Okay, okay, no, I'll do whatever you want, Nikki.
Ellie : Okay, that's more like it.
UNK: Mmm.
Ellie : You are so sweet.
Ellie : - And brilliant. - Guilty.