UNK: he was agitated. He was acting weird.
UNK: - "Weird" how? - Paranoid.
UNK: Bobby's Producer : At one point, he asked me if I had heard anything.
UNK: Bobby's Producer : And I said, "About what?" And he just shrugged it off.
Beckett : Were you aware that he was on powerful antidepressants?
Ellie : I mean, he tried to be very private about it,
UNK: Bobby's Producer : but when he went on them he had to quit drinking,
UNK: Bobby's Producer : and people wondered why.
Castle : So, word got around.
UNK: Bobby's Producer : You don't think that's what killed him, do you?
UNK: Something he ate or drank? He was very careful.
Beckett : Like I said, we're just following up.
Hank : I keep looking over at that curtain, you know?
Hank : Waiting for him to walk through, like this is all one big publicity stunt.
Castle : - The two of you were close, right? - Since before all this.
Hank : Since we were just kids together back in 'Nam.
Castle : So, he would've told you if there was anything wrong?
Hank : Like what?
Castle : Like if he was concerned for his well-being.
Hank : What's this all about? I thought he died of a heart attack.
Beckett : Just routine questioning, Mr. McPhee.
Beckett : You know, some of the people said
Beckett : that he seemed a little agitated recently.
Hank : Come to think of it, he was a little preoccupied.
Hank : I asked him about it after the show last night,
Hank : but he insisted he was fine.
UNK: Hank.
UNK: Mickey Reed : Man, I am so sorry.
UNK: - Nightmares really happen, huh? - Yeah.
Castle : Yes, of course. I'm a big fan.
Castle : I love your whole "Booty Roulette" gag. That's great.
Castle : - I'm Rick... - Castle.
UNK: Yeah, saw you on the show last night.
Beckett : - I'm Detective Kate Beckett. - Nice to meet you.
Beckett : So, do either of you know where Bobby went after the show last night?
Beckett : We're trying to track his last hours for the coroner's report.
Mickey : No clue.
Hank : I think he said something about going to see his ex-wife.
Castle : Did he say which one?
Beckett : How many ex-wives did he have?
UNK: Six. Ranging in ages from 25 to 50.
Ryan : Seems every five years, he traded in for the latest model.
Beckett : So, he didn't so much marry them as lease them.
Ryan : So I ran all their names through the system,
Ryan : and guess what popped up?
Ryan : Seems Wife Number Five here
Ryan : was arrested over an altercation with Bobby at a restaurant uptown.
Castle : She's got crazy eyes.
Esposito : There's more. According to the doorman in her building,
Esposito : Bobby Mann was there last night after the show.
Beckett : Mrs. Mann, when was the last time you saw your ex-husband?
Cindy : About a year ago.
Cindy : In court.
Cindy : He took out a restraining order against me.
Beckett : Well, according to the complaint, you did threaten to kill him.
Cindy : Well, I don't really remember what was said.
Castle : "I wish you were dead, you little weasel."
Cindy : He was dating a younger woman, and she looked just like me.
Castle : Tell that to his previous wife.
Beckett : Were you aware of his dietary restrictions?
Cindy : Sure, nothing fermented, or it could give him a heart attack.
Cindy : Why? You think I had something to do with it?
Beckett : You tell me, Mrs. Mann.
UNK: According to your doorman, Bobby showed up at your building last night.
Beckett : He did?
Beckett : Cindy, we know you saw him.
Cindy : How do you know he wasn't there to see Barbara?
Cindy : - Barbara? - His first wife.
Cindy : She's got an apartment in the building, too.
UNK: We both got them in the divorce settlement.
Cindy : Bobby co-owned the building.
UNK: Yeah, I saw Bobby last night.
UNK: He came by around 1 : 00 in the morning.
UNK: Woke me up, as usual.
Beckett : Did he often surprise you in the middle of the night?
Barbara : I was the one woman who fell in love with him
Barbara : before all the fame and the money.