Beckett : That wasn't about Ellie Monroe, was it?
Castle : - Yeah. Why? - Oh.
UNK: What?
Beckett : That's why she was throwing herself at you.
Beckett : She wanted you to recommend her for the part.
Castle : - What? - And for the record,
Beckett : - she's nothing like Nikki Heat. - You just can't stand it
Castle : that a beautiful actress is actually interested in me.
Beckett : - Why would I care? - Exactly.
Castle : That's a good question. Why would you care?
UNK: Bobby's Producer : - I don't. - Fine.
UNK: - I'm going to go get some coffee. - Fine. I've got work to do.
Castle : - Break room's that way. - Desk.
Esposito : Beckett. Castle. Check this out.
Esposito : We just finished the sweep of Bobby's car. First off, the Bugatti?
Esposito : Holy shift! When you start this thing, you can feel it right...
Ryan : But as exciting as the car is,
Ryan : I think we figured out why Bobby Mann was so tweaked.
Ryan : Found this in his glove compartment.
Castle : That's Kayla. She's an intern at Bobby's show.
Ryan : Looks like she was doing more than interning.
Esposito : You should check out the back.
Castle : Blackmail, death threats, and scandal.
Beckett : That explains why his behavior was so erratic.
Castle : And probably why he was killed.
Kayla : It was last week. I stayed late to help Bobby with some bits.
Beckett : Do you have any idea who took that, Kayla?
Kayla : Must be someone who works on the show.
Beckett : Who just happened to have a camera
Beckett : and managed to catch the two of you in the act?
Beckett : Or were they tipped off, maybe?
Beckett : - Were you blackmailing Bobby? - Oh, my God, no.
Castle : He's three times your age and you are an intern on the show.
Castle : That adds up to embarrassment and scandal,
Castle : which I'm sure he'd pay a lot to avoid.
Kayla : No, I would never do that.
Kayla : We were in love.
Beckett : In love? Really? And how long were the two of you together?
Kayla : Three weeks this past Monday.
Castle : - Who else knew? - No one.
Kayla : Bobby and I kept it a secret.
Kayla : We didn't want my mom to find out.
Castle : - Your mom? - Who's your mom?