Bobby : I'm Bobby Mann. Remember, folks,
Bobby : the boys will be back on duty tomorrow night.
Alexis : I always wonder what they're saying when they lean in like that.
Castle : - Thank you. - Thank you for coming.
Bobby : They want me dead.
Castle : - I'm sorry, what? - I'm serious.
Bobby : You work with cops, right? They want...
UNK: Bobby's Producer : That was a great show, guys! I'm so sorry about segment three.
UNK: Bobby's Producer : - Next time we put the emu in a diaper. - I'll call you.
UNK: Bobby's Producer : Oh, the box-in-box with Justin looked great.
Bobby : Good, good.
Castle : You're going orienteering, not library-ing.
Castle : You sure you want to take that many books?
UNK: Over-ambitious for a five-day trip?
UNK: You're going to be responsible for your own pack.
Castle : I think you're supposed to be more Sacagawea than a scholarly reader.
Castle : Besides, look at all those pages. The trees might want revenge.
UNK: Richard? - What's wrong?
Martha : - Bobby Mann is dead. - What? What happened?
Martha : They're saying he had a heart attack.
Castle : I'm telling you, the guy said that somebody wanted him dead,
Castle : and then he ends up dead. That can't be a coincidence.
Beckett : Bobby Mann had a history of heart disease
Beckett : and on the autopsy reports it states that the cause of death was
Martha : a heart attack. That can't be a coincidence either.
Castle : - Did Lanie do the autopsy? - No. But she sent it to me.
Beckett : A guy was walking his dog, saw Mr. Mann collapse on the sidewalk.
UNK: Alone. There's no puncture wounds,
Beckett : no bruising, and the tox panel came back negative.
Beckett : There's no foul play, Castle.
UNK: I talked to his producer this morning.
UNK: She said that Mann left the studio at 12 : 45 in his Bugatti Veyron.
UNK: That's a $2 million car.
UNK: He collapsed on foot a few blocks from his house at 4 : 50.
Castle : - So? - So where's the car?
Beckett : He's like a gazillionaire, Castle. He probably just parked it
Beckett : and expected someone else to pick it up the next morning.