Castle : We should have a signature line.
Castle : "She's armed. He's dangerous."
Hank : - No. - No. How about,
Castle : "A whole new chapter in crime solving"?
UNK: - "Chapter." Get it? - No.
Lanie : Okay. I ran every extra tox screen outside of standard protocol.
Lanie : All negative. No trace of any known poisonous substance.
Beckett : Okay, Castle. Don't forget to tip your ME on the way out.
Lanie : Not so fast.
Lanie : Secondary tox panel detected traces of tyramine,
Lanie : which is harmless,
Lanie : but its presence raised a red flag for me, so I ran some more tests.
Lanie : - Bobby Mann was taking Phenelzine. - "Phenelzine"?
Lanie : - A prescription drug for depression. - So?
Lanie : So, Phenelzine is in a class of drugs called MAO inhibitors
Lanie : that have powerful contra-indicators.
Beckett : - You mean drug interactions? - In this case, interactions that can kill.
Lanie : MAO inhibitors contra-indicate with anything fermented.
UNK: Wine, beer, certain kinds of cheeses.
Lanie : Even the smallest amount can trigger a hypertensive crisis.
Castle : Oh! Almost like an undetectable poison that stops the heart.
Beckett : Which doesn't mean that he was murdered.
Beckett : He could've accidentally eaten or drank something he shouldn't have.
Lanie : That's what I thought, so I ran the contents of his intestines.
Lanie : In the hours prior to his death, he ingested three substances.
Lanie : - Something sugary, like hard candy. - Or chewing gum.
Lanie : There you go. Also, cranberry juice and balsamic vinegar.
Castle : Which is fermented.
Lanie : And there was no trace of anything that you would find balsamic on.
Lanie : No chicken, no fish, no pasta. Just the cranberry juice.
Castle : Which could've easily masked the color
Castle : and the taste of the balsamic vinegar.
Beckett : So you're saying that somebody knew about Bobby Mann's condition,
Beckett : slipped balsamic vinegar into his cranberry juice,
Beckett : knowing that it would kill him?
Lanie : This was no accident. Bobby Mann was murdered.
Castle : Well, Bobby, you were right.
Castle : No crime scene. No clear place to begin the investigations.
UNK: Don't you just love poisonings?
Beckett : Especially a poisoning without poison. Whoever did this was very smart.
Beckett : Chose a murder weapon that's probably in half the kitchens in the city.
Castle : Good thing we're smart, too.
UNK: Thanks. That was Lanie.
UNK: Based on possible rates of fatal MAOI interactions,