UNK: And, no, I do not have a pain management problem. I have a pain problem.
UNK: But who knows? Maybe I'm wrong. Maybe I'm too stoned to tell.
UNK: So, who wants me?
UNK: And who would rather wait for one of the other two guys?
UNK: Okay. Well, I'll be in Exam Room One if you change your mind.
Cuddy : Jodi Matthews?
Cuddy : Please accompany Dr. House to Exam Room One.
Mindy : Dr. Chase.
Chase : I'm not sure scaring your boyfriend is the best medicine for him right now.
Mindy : I know. I get stupid when I'm scared. Don't go rock climbing.
Mindy : Look, I was wondering. Before this happened, we were having sex.
UNK: What? You're wondering if whatever he has, you might've gotten it?
UNK: It-It's unlikely. We ran a complete S.T.D. panel, so...
UNK: No. I'm wondering if maybe I did this to him. I was kind of rough.
Jodi : It was yellow. It was?
UNK: It's not anymore. Well, that's a shame.
Jodi : I thought that might be a problem, so I brought you this.
UNK: Your mucus was "pale goldenrod".
UNK: Last week, yes. Should I be worried? Oh, yes. Very.
UNK: Really? I thought it was okay now.
House : And yet, here you are. What happened?
House : Paramedics took a week to respond to your 911 call?
Jodi : You're not a very nice doctor, are you?
House : And you are very bad at whatever it is you do.
Jodi : You don't even know me. I know you're gonna get fired.
House : That's why you got the new glasses. That's why your teeth are sparkly white.
House : You're getting the most of your health insurance while you still can.
Jodi : I might be quitting.
House : If you were quitting, you'd have known that last week when your snot was still pale goldenrod. You're getting fired.
Jodi : I just don't like being told what to do.
UNK: I can get you in for a full body scan later this week.
UNK: Thanks.
Foreman : It's got to be viral. We should start running gels and titers.
UNK: Maybe we should look into the girlfriend's theory. She thinks she rode him to death.
UNK: What'd you tell her?
UNK: I told her 22-year-old men don't die of sex.
Cameron : - What'd you ask her? - What do you mean?
Cameron : I mean, I hope you got some specifics on exactly what was going on.
UNK: If the girl thinks it could kill you, it's worth knowing about.
Chase : Have you ever taken a life?
Foreman : We should stop the antibiotics.
Cameron : It's too soon to say they're not having an effect.
Foreman : They're having an effect.
Foreman : His B.P.'s falling fast. There's fluid filling his lungs.
UNK: His creatinine is rising.
Foreman : His kidneys are shutting down.
Foreman : Our treatment isn't making him better. It's killing him.
House : So, we had six symptoms that didn't add up to anything. Now we got seven. Who's excited?
Foreman : I don't think it complicates things. The kidney failure was caused by the antibiotics.
UNK: Maybe. - Typically, low blood pressure and abdominal pain means an infection.
Foreman : An abdominal infection causes sepsis, low blood pressure.
Chase : Except we checked for abdominal infections.
Foreman : But what if it's the other way around? What if the low blood pressure's causing the abdominal pain?
Cameron : Viral heart infection. The intestines aren't getting enough blood, and the result is belly pain.
Foreman : - I know it's not the standard presentation. - It's a 10 million-to-1 shot.
Foreman : I thought that's what we dealt with here.
UNK: It explains the cardiomyopathy, the pain, the low B.P., the fever.
House : You read the book. Impressive.