Foreman : Yeah, but no surgery today.
UNK: - How're you doing? - Okay.
UNK: Great. I'm doing good too.
House : I get to knock off an hour early today. You know why?
UNK: Because I kissed my boss's ass. Do you ever do that?
UNK: I think she just said yes 'cause she wants to reinforce that behavior.
House : Wants me to kiss a lot of other people's ass, like she wants me to kiss yours.
House : What would you want? A doctor who holds your hand while you die,
House : or a doctor who ignores you while you get better?
House : I guess it would particularly suck to have a doctor who ignores you while you die.
Patient : - I should go. - You think it's gonna come out on its own?
Chase : Are we talking bigger than a breadbasket?
UNK: Because, actually, it will come out on its own.
UNK: Which for small stuff is no problem. It's wrapped up in a nice, soft package, and plop.
UNK: Big stuff, you're gonna rip something,
House : which, speaking medically, is when the fun stops. How did you...
UNK: You've been here half an hour, you haven't sat down. That tells me its location.
House : You haven't told me what it is. That tells me it's humiliating.
House : You have a little birdie carved on your arm. That tells me you have a high tolerance for humiliation.
House : So I figure it's not hemorrhoids.
House : I've been a doctor 20 years. You're not gonna surprise me.
Patient : It's an MP3 player.
UNK: Mm.
House : Is it... Is it because of the size, or the shape,
UNK: or is it the pounding bass line?
UNK: What are we gonna do?
House : - I'm gonna wait. - For what?
UNK: Okay. It's 3 : 00. I'm off.
UNK: Would you tell Dr. Cuddy there's a patient in Exam Room Two needs her attention?
UNK: And the R.I.A.A. wants her to check for illegal downloads.
Cameron : Brandon's not ready for surgery. Okay.
House : Let's leave it a couple of weeks. He should be feeling better by then. Oh, wait. Which way does time go?
Cameron : He crashed during prep. He's also experiencing pain in his fingers.
Cameron : Think some bug may have gotten in the clean room.
Cameron : I think we should double his dosage of G-CSF to temporarily boost his white blood cell count.
House : Pain in his fingers. Right.
House : Hi again. He can't...
UNK: Mr. Merrell : Where's he going?
UNK: Hey. How you all doing?
UNK: Interesting fact. Every seven years, it's a whole new you. Inspiring metaphor, huh?
Chase : Dr. House, this is a clean room. Yeah. I read the sign.
House : But cells of different organs reproduce at different rates.
UNK: So, you get a new kidney every three years.
UNK: Get a new stomach lining every week.
House : This is why colchicine poisoning causes all these symptoms, but not all at once.
UNK: Mrs. Merrell : But we went to the pharmacy. We saw the pills.
House : Colchicine does its damage in a very specific order.
UNK: First of all, there's the pain in the abdomen, the rash, the fever. Isn't that what you got first?
House : Then the kidneys go, which is exactly what happened to...
Mindy : - Brandon. - Right.
UNK: Then it screws up your bone marrow, and then neuropathy.
UNK: A painful tingling in the fingers and toes.
UNK: And what do you suppose happens after that?
UNK: Hair loss. The bad news is...
UNK: your special boy is doing drugs. No, he's not.
UNK: Ecstasy? No.
Brandon : - Twice with Dan and Mike. - You know what they cut that stuff with?
House : Apparently, colchicine. Unless you ingested the colchicine through your contact lens solution,
House : or skin cream or some other drug you're lying about.
House : I don't know how it happened. I don't care how it happened. It happened. Start, uh...
Mindy : - Brandon. - Lovely name.