Peterson : Anything special about the box?
UNK: No, just that bank records show they both access it monthly.
Beckett : I'll get my team to check it out.
MARTHA : Richard.
Martha : Be innocent. Be innocent.
Martha : You're indicating.
Martha : See, even a layman can spot an uninspired performance.
Castle : Yes, Mother.
Sal : Hey, when I was coming back,
Sal : I got a glimpse inside their duffle bag.
Sal : There were white bricks with wires and timers attached to it.
Sal : I think it could be C-4.
Martha : C-4? Are you sure?
UNK: Yeah! They're gonna blow us all up!
UNK: Calm down, okay? Just calm down.
Sal : How am I supposed to calm down?
Sal : I've got a family to think about. We all have families.
Martha : Now calm down.
Beckett : What's your name?
Sal : Sal. Sal Martino.
UNK: Okay.
Castle : You got a wife, Sal? Kids?
Sal : Yeah, I have a son.
Castle : What's his name?
UNK: Connor.
Castle : I bet the only thing you can think about
UNK: is seeing him again, am I right?
Sal : You have no idea.
Castle : Good, so you just keep thinking on that.
UNK: You think about how you're gonna see Connor again real soon.
UNK: Because I'm gonna figure out a way to get us all out of here, I promise.
Sal : I need some air.
Sal : Damn, why is there no air in this place?
Castle : What the hell is going on here?
Beckett : I don't know.
Castle : I thought this was about a safe-deposit box.
Castle : Why would they need C-4?
Martha : Maybe they don't want anyone to know what they stole from that box
Martha : and the C-4 is to make sure that no one ever does.
UNK: KNOCKING ON DOOR
Monfriez : Agnes and Gideon Fields, open up, please! This is the NYPD!
UNK: PHONE BEEPS This doesn't make any sense.
Ryan : What could this old couple's safety-deposit box
Ryan : have to do with what's going on in that bank?
UNK: RADIO PLAYING Maybe everything.
UNK: The bank said that Agnes and Gideon
Esposito : were accessing their box once a month, right?
Esposito : I just got a text from the precinct.
Monfriez : Gideon Fields died four years ago,
UNK: so whoever's accessing that box wasn't him.
Ryan : Agnes, this is NYPD, open up, please.
Esposito : The radio's on.
UNK: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. We can't go in there.
Ryan : We don't have a warrant. We don't have probable cause.
Esposito : Bro, Castle's life depends on this.
Ryan : Did you just hear that?
Ryan : I think I just heard someone yell out, "Help, Police!"
UNK: "Help! Police!" There it is again.
UNK: NYPD! Agnes!
UNK: RADIO PLAYING
UNK: COUGHING
UNK: GROANS
UNK: Yeah.
Ryan : It's Agnes.
Castle : What the hell is going on?
Esposito : Looks like the owner of our safety-deposit box
Esposito : has been dead maybe a week.
Esposito : Ligature marks on her neck indicate strangulation.
Ryan : What did you find at the crime scene?
Esposito : Place is trashed.
Esposito : Killer was looking for something.
Esposito : There's a broken keychain necklace on the body,
Esposito : but there's no key.
Beckett : That might have been where she kept the key for the safe-deposit box.
Esposito : I don't get it.
Esposito : This is a little, old, retired librarian.
Esposito : What could possibly be in her safe-deposit box
Esposito : that would be worth doing all this?
Ryan : Nazi gold, cold fusion, map to Atlantis.
UNK: Hey, Castle Jr., could you maybe start thinking like a cop, please?
Ryan : I am. Are you?
UNK: It had to have been something huge if it was worth killing her over, right?
Ryan : Hey, super cop, check it out.
Beckett : What is it? It's a bug.
Ryan : It's not from a spy shop, either. This looks professional.
Beckett : Listen, I need you to dig up everything you can on Agnes Fields.
Beckett : I gotta go.
UNK: Alexis Castle : They're here, aren't they? My dad and grandma are in there.
UNK: Alexis Castle : I know they were coming to this bank.
UNK: Alexis.. No one's answering their phones..
Alexis : My dad always takes my calls. And you're here.
UNK: Listen to me. Listen, listen. Everything is gonna be fine, okay?