UNK: Looks like we're all gonna get to know each other a lot better.
UNK: POLICE RADIO CHATTER
UNK: GUNS COCKING
UNK: Captain Peterson : I need SWAT analysis, sit-rep and building blueprints, five minutes.
Peterson : Who are you?
Beckett : Detective Kate Beckett, Homicide.
Peterson : I'll be sure to call if someone dies.
UNK: Meanwhile, I need you to step...
Beckett : No, sir, my partner is in that bank.
Peterson : Wait, we got a cop in there?
Beckett : He's a civilian investigator.
Beckett : He and I were on the phone when they took over the bank.
UNK: He said that there's four suspects in there.
Beckett : They're dressed up in doctors' scrubs.
Peterson : Anything else you can tell me?
Beckett : Yeah, I spoke with one of the suspects.
UNK: What was his demeanor?
Beckett : Calm, actually, very calm.
Peterson : Thanks for the intel, we'll do everything we can
Peterson : to get your partner out safe.
Beckett : Okay, so what's our next move?
Peterson : Well, your next move is to leave my command post.
Peterson : You want to help your partner, let me do my job.
Peterson : Need a line on that bank. I want to talk to this guy.
MONFRIEZ : Yes, sir.
PETERSON : You missed your cue, Detective.
UNK: MAN ON RADIO : Get those units, move those people back.
UNK: I want 'em away from the bank.
UNK: DR. HUXTABLE : All right, I'm gonna make this real simple.
UNK: Dr Huxtable : You move,
UNK: Dr Huxtable : you die.
UNK: Dr Huxtable : Got it?
Castle : Is anyone hurt?
UNK: Dr Howser : All right. Stay relaxed.
Castle : Do as they say, we'll get through this.
Castle : The cops will get us out.
UNK: CAMERA CLICKING
UNK: HELICOPTER HOVERING
Ryan : What did you find out?
Beckett : That our services aren't needed.
Beckett : Espo, do you still have buddies in ESU?
Esposito : Of course. Good.
Beckett : I want to know what they know.
Beckett : And let's get a hold of Major Crimes,
Beckett : find out if there are any other robberies with similar MOs.
Beckett : The more we know about these guys, the more leverage we got.
MONFRIEZ : Detective Beckett.
UNK: Officer Monfriez : Captain Peterson would like a word.
Peterson : Tell me, what were you thinking?
Beckett : I was just trying to help out, sir.
Peterson : What, by charming the bank robber?
UNK: What? We get him on the horn,
UNK: but before I get two words out, he says, and I quote,
Peterson : "I will only talk to the lady cop,
UNK: "the one with the bedroom voice."
UNK: Now, you wanted in? Well, you're in.
Beckett : No, sir, I don't have any training in hostage negotiations.
Peterson : Well, I don't have time to give you a seminar, so think of it like this.
Peterson : You do the opposite of whatever your homicide training tells you, okay?
Peterson : So, don't yell, don't bully, don't threaten him in any way.
Peterson : It's all about keeping him calm.
UNK: Detective, you up for this?
Beckett : Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
Peterson : Now it's important to keep him talking. You gotta build a rapport.
Peterson : As long as he's busy talking, he's not busy hurting hostages.
UNK: Okay. Mmm-hmm. Okay?
UNK: RINGING
UNK: Trapper John : Who's this?
UNK: Martha Rodgers : This is Detective Kate Beckett.
UNK: I understand that you wanted to speak with me.
UNK: Trapper John : Yeah, I don't like that other guy.
UNK: Yeah, me neither.
Beckett : You said to build a rapport.