Beckett : And in your experience, in this scenario,
Beckett : what are the hostages' chances of survival?
Davenport : Hey, I'm sorry about before.
UNK: Please, it's... Yeah.
UNK: No, it's the job.
Davenport : Actually, I'm a fan.
Davenport : A Midsummer Night's Dream,
Davenport : you played Titania, in Shakespeare in the Park.
Martha : That was in the '80s.
Martha : How could you possibly remember that?
Davenport : You were unforgettable.
Martha : If I have to die, I'm glad I'm going with someone who knows my work.
Martha : Thank you.
UNK: DR. HOWSER : All right, who else needs the loo?
Sal : I'll go.
Martha : Did you learn anything?
Castle : Two things. Firstly,
Castle : the restrooms here at the bank are quite lovely,
Castle : excepting for the lack of windows, or any other means of escape.
UNK: Second, and more importantly, I was right.
UNK: Something odd is going on.
UNK: I saw Trapper John in the safe-deposit box room.
UNK: He pulled out a box and he was removing letters and photos.
UNK: And he didn't break in either. He used both keys.
Davenport : One's my manager's key, the other one must be the owner's key.
Martha : This is a very strange time for Trapper John
Martha : to get something from his safe-deposit box.
Castle : Well, I'm assuming the box isn't his.
Castle : These guys set off the alarm on purpose.
UNK: They wanted this hostage standoff.
UNK: I mean, come on, look at these guys. They're professionals, right?
Castle : They know better than to take the bottom bills from the cash drawer.
Davenport : But why?
UNK: Time.
UNK: Safe-deposit box keys don't have numbers on them.
Castle : So if it's not his key,
Castle : he'd have to try every lock, until they got to the right box.
Castle : And that would take time. Ah!
Castle : Okay, Mr. Davenport,
Castle : the box he pulled was on the north wall.
UNK: It was four columns over, three boxes down.
UNK: That would be box 120.
Castle : Okay, we figure out whose box that is,
Castle : we can figure out what these people are really up to.
UNK: Yeah, well, I don't think they're gonna let us use the computer.
Castle : Maybe we won't have to.
Castle : Mother, the bracelet I gave you for your birthday.
Martha : Oh, no, I love this bracelet.
UNK: Dr Howser : All right. UNCLASPS
UNK: Officer Monfriez : Captain, it's him.
Peterson : Remember the strategy. Yeah.
UNK: BEEPS
Beckett : Hey, how's it going?
UNK: Trapper John : So far, so good.
Beckett : Yeah, and how are the hostages?
Beckett : Pretty concerned about the pregnant bank teller, Simone.
Beckett : It's kind of a stressful situation.
UNK: You might want to get her out of there.
UNK: Trapper John : No, no, no, Kate.
UNK: You gotta give before you can receive.
Beckett : Okay, what would you like?
UNK: Trapper John : A bus with tinted windows that'll take me, my partners
UNK: Trapper John : and my hostages to Teterboro Airport.
UNK: There, you're gonna have a plane waiting to take us
UNK: Trapper John : to the foreign country of my choosing.
UNK: When you do that, I give you the knocked-up bank teller.
UNK: Trapper John : Once we land in paradise, I'll release the rest of the hostages.
UNK: Trapper John : And, Kate,
UNK: Trapper John : you got three hours.
UNK: Hey, Monfriez, find me a bus with
UNK: Trapper John : tinted windows and get it over here.
Beckett : Wait a minute, you're actually giving him what he wants?
Peterson : Of course not. The only way the guy's leaving the building
UNK: is either in handcuffs or a body bag.
Peterson : But if it comes to it, I can use that bus
UNK: to lure the robbers out and have snipers take them out.
Beckett : What the...
Monfriez : You see that PETERSON : Yeah?
Beckett : That's Morse code.
Martha : Stop, Richard.
UNK: Clear.
Beckett : S-D-B 1-2-0, over and over again. What do you think it means?
UNK: Someone's initials? Or a code?
UNK: Same day bank, save...
UNK: Same old... Save, wait, wait.
UNK: It could be "safe," safe...
UNK: S-D-B, safe-deposit...
UNK: Safe-deposit box 120. That's it.
UNK: Really? What would a safe-deposit box have to do with anything?
Beckett : I don't know, but if Castle went to the trouble
Beckett : of sending that message, it means something.
Peterson : How do you know it's him?
Beckett : Trust me, it's him.
UNK: Safe-deposit box number 1-2-0
Monfriez : belongs to a married coupl Agnes and Gideon Fields.