Ryan : Domestic abuse.
Ryan : However, Ron had the connections and the wealth to avoid prosecution.
CASTLE : So, the system failed her.
Castle : She and Connor couldn't escape Ron's abuse,
Castle : so she faked their deaths and disappeared.
Beckett : Yeah, but to disappear, she had to walk away from her former life.
UNK: Sever ties with everything and everyone she ever knew.
Beckett : Except she couldn't, especially with her mom, Agnes.
Castle : Which is what the safety-deposit box was for.
Castle : It's a means of communication.
Castle : It's like a Cold War drop bo in some John le Carre novel.
Castle : Only, Tanya wouldn't be ab to risk making the drops.
Castle : So who would make the drops for her?
Ryan : Our mystery man, who was posing as Agnes' dead husband.
UNK: He was Tanya's middleman.
Beckett : Okay, so Tanya sends the photos and the letters to the middleman.
UNK: The middleman puts them in the safety-deposit box for Agnes.
Beckett : The box serves as a mailbox.
UNK: Only it's better than a mailbox 'cause it's locked up inside a bank.
Ryan : Ron must have suspected that they faked their deaths,
Ryan : and that's when he bugged Agnes' home.
Esposito : And when Ron found out about the box, he killed Agnes for the key.
Castle : Right, and with the clock ticking, he hired that crew
Castle : to stage the bank robbery to get to the box with that key.
Beckett : You know, those photos and letters will say
Beckett : exactly where his wife and son are hiding.
Beckett : He's on his way there now,
UNK: and we know what he's gonna do once he gets there.
UNK: He's gonna kidnap his son and kill his wife.
UNK: Identifying the middleman is the only way
UNK: we're gonna be able to find Tanya and Connor.
Castle : So what do we know?
Castle : He passed for Agnes' late husband.
BECKETT : And it'd have to be someone that Ron wouldn't suspect.
ESPOSITO : That rules out friends, neighbors and co-workers.
UNK: But it's probably a person that they trusted.
Esposito : Middleman could have been paid.
Esposito : Maybe we can track their payments.