BECKETT : Castle!
UNK: Castle!
UNK: Castle!
CASTLE : Beckett?
UNK: MAN COUGHING
UNK: Alexis Castle : They're here!
Castle : I told you. Huh? LAUGHING
Martha : Oh, my God!
Beckett : Here we go. Ready? Okay.
Beckett : How are you?
MARTHA : He's not the only one here, you know.
Beckett : I'm so...
Beckett : I'm so sorry, Martha.
Castle : Excuse me. How are you doing?
MARTHA : My ears are ringing, are yours?
Peterson : Everybody accounted for?
Davenport : We're all here, we're all okay.
Beckett : Sir, what happened to the robbers?
Peterson : They're dead. They blew themselves up.
UNK: What?
Peterson : Apparently, the C-4 was part of the exit strategy.
Peterson : They blasted a hole straight through the bottom of the vault
Peterson : and opened the ceiling on an abandoned subway station below.
Peterson : Smart plan, if they didn't screw it up.
UNK: They must've triggered the explosion
Peterson : before they took cover and they killed themselves.
UNK: Oh! It's not possible.
Castle : C-4, it's a very stable explosive.
Castle : It wouldn't go off accidentally,
Castle : and these guys were not dime-store bandits.
Castle : They were trained. They were military precision.
Castle : They wouldn't set off an explosion prematurely.
UNK: Really? I got an assortment of body par ts that tells me they did.
Beckett : Let's get out of here.
UNK: INAUDIBLE
Ryan : Is everybody okay? Yeah, they're fine.
Beckett : They just need a minute.
Ryan : We heard all the suspects are dead.
Beckett : Guys, none of this makes any sense.
Beckett : An old lady is killed for her safe-deposit box key,
Beckett : which her dead husband accesses every month?
Beckett : And then this.
Beckett : There's something that we're missing.
Beckett : What were you saying about Agnes Fields' last surviving relative?
Ryan : Former son-in-law, Ron Brandt.
Ryan : We left a message, but he does a lot of business overseas.
Ryan : He might not even be in the country.
UNK: He's listed at a penthouse on the Upper East Side,
Ryan : so we can go check... Wait, that's...
Beckett : That's the son-in-law?
Ryan : Yeah, why?
Beckett : This was one of the hostages. He was having a seizure and...
Martha : Oh, God!
Beckett : This is Detective Kate Beckett, NYPD.
Beckett : I'm checking in on a patient that came in from a bank robbery.
Castle : His name is Sal Martino.
Beckett : What? He did?
Beckett : He checked himself out against medical advice. He's gone.
Beckett : It was him. He orchestrated this whole thing.
Esposito : It turns out Ron Brandt runs a company that supplies military contractors
Esposito : with special operational forces from around the world.
Castle : Okay, so he uses h is military connections
Castle : to hire that team of mercenaries in the bank.
Castle : And then to avoid loose ends, Ron rigged the C-4 to blow early.
UNK: Talk about cold-blooded.
UNK: He did all of this just for the contents of Agnes's safety-deposit box?
UNK: Castle, you said that there were photos and letters in there, right?
CASTLE : Yeah.
Castle : Trapper John must have given them to Ron
Castle : when he was being escorted back from the restroom.
Castle : Because right after that, he faked a seizure and was let go.
Beckett : But why? I mean, what was so special
Beckett : about his former mother-in-law's safety-deposit box?
Beckett : Former mother-in-law?
Esposito : Yeah, Ron was married to Agnes's daughter, Tanya.
Esposito : Her and her son, Connor, were killed
Esposito : in a boating accident about a year ago.
Castle : No, no, Ron spoke about Connor,
Castle : and he did not speak about him like he was dead. Connor is still alive.
UNK: Well, I don't know what to tell you, Castle,
Esposito : it says right here Connor's dead.
Ryan : I'm not so sure about that.
UNK: It turns out that neither his wife, Tanya,
Ryan : nor Connor's body was ever recovered.
Castle : Why would the wife fake their deaths?