Beckett : So, what's your name?
UNK: Trapper John : You can call me Trapper John.
UNK: AMASH fan, that's nice.
UNK: So, how you doing? Anything I can do to help?
UNK: Trapper John : Oh, Kate, Kate, Kate.
UNK: Trapper John : You're running that idiot's playbook, aren't you?
UNK: Trapper John : What did Captain Confidence tell you?
UNK: Trapper John : Keep me calm?
Peterson : Build rapport? Extract information?
UNK: Trapper John : Here's how it's gonna work.
UNK: Trapper John : You lie to me, I kill hostages.
UNK: Trapper John : You jerk me around,
UNK: Trapper John : I kill hostages.
UNK: Trapper John : You storm the bank, I kill hostages.
UNK: Trapper John : And Kate,
UNK: Trapper John : I'll start with your boyfriend.
UNK: PEOPLE TALKING INDISTINCTLY
PETERSON : Well, we've learned one thing.
Beckett : What's that?
UNK: He's not a punk who just woke up and decided to rob a bank.
Peterson : He knows what he's doing.
Peterson : He knows our playbook. This guy's a pro.
Peterson : SWAT tap into the cameras at the bank yet?
UNK: Officer Monfriez : Still working on it, sir.
UNK: Also, there's a Susan Craig from the bank's main branch on line four.
Beckett : Sir, what do you want me to do? Nothing.
Beckett : I'm sorry? It's not a homicide, Detective.
UNK: It's not all about moving forward or digging for the next clue.
Peterson : Here, sometimes no move is the best move.
Peterson : Let Trapper John think about things and then we'll call him back.
Sal : This is your fault, you know.
Sal : He called the cops. I saw him.
Sal : If it wasn't for this guy,
Sal : the bank robbers would have come and gone,
Sal : we'd all be out of here.
Simone : No, no, the cops were coming anyway.
Sal : The bank robbers, they screwed up.
Simone : They pulled the bottom bills from the cash drawer.
Davenport : Which automatically trigge the silent alarm, okay?
Davenport : No one's fault.
Martha : Simone, how far along are you?
UNK: Thirty-two weeks. Ah!
Grace : Holding a pregnant woman hostage. They should let you go.
Abe : Lady, they're not letting her go.
Abe : They're not letting any of us go.
Abe : I've seen this movie befor I know how it ends.
Abe : With all of us dead.
Castle : Hey, we are not gonna die.
UNK: ALL MURMURING
UNK: We're gonna be fine.
Castle : I work with the police, and my partner is gonna get us out.
UNK: DOOR CLICKS
UNK: TRAPPER JOHN : Dr. Huxtable.
Castle : Mr. Davenport, what's behind those doors back there?
UNK: Restroom, break room, security room and the safety-deposit boxes.
Castle : I saw them take a key from around your neck, what does it open?
Davenport : Yeah, that's my security key for the safe-deposit boxes.
Castle : Something is going on here.
Castle : Why does he keep going back there
Castle : when there's a vault full of cash up here that's untouched?
UNK: Oh, Richard,
Martha : I know that look, please. Curiosity killed the cat.
Castle : Something weird is going on here.
Castle : We need to figure out what it is.
Castle : And I know exactly what to do.
Castle : Don't worry, Mother. I saw this work on Die Hard.
Martha : Oh, great.
UNK: Great.
UNK: Uh, Mr. Howser. Excuse me, Dr. Howser?
UNK: Dr Howser : You got a death wish?
Castle : No, just a small bladder.
Castle : And, unfortunately, it looks like we're gonna be here for a while.
Castle : So unless you'd like it messy,
UNK: now might be a good time to start arranging some restroom runs.
Martha : Thank you.
UNK: EXHALES
Castle : So, why Doogie Howser?
UNK: I mean, there's so many cool TV doctors you can pick.
Castle : Dr. House, Dr. Shepherd, Dr. Phil.
UNK: Dr Howser : Shut up.
UNK: Anything?
Esposito : All bad news.
Esposito : ESU can't get eyes or ears inside.
UNK: Bank cameras are disabled,
Esposito : and the walls are too thick to drill from outside.
Beckett : So what if ESU storms the bank?
Esposito : They'll be going in blind.