UNK: Trapper John : I said I wouldn't kill anyone. You said you'd get me a bus.
UNK: Trapper John : I lived up to my end of the deal.
UNK: And I'm gonna live up to mine in just...
UNK: Trapper John : I warned you not to jerk me around.
UNK: Trapper John : I was clear about the consequences.
UNK: Trapper John : Do I have to prove how serious I am? Is that it?
UNK: Okay, I think we both just need to take a deep breath
Beckett : and we can talk about. I'm done talking!..
UNK: SCREAMING
Beckett : What was that?
UNK: Trapper John : A warning shot, Kate. The next one's for the kill!
Martha : Don't you touch him, you son-of-a-bitch!
UNK: No, no! Davenport, hold her back! I got this.
UNK: GUN CLICKS
UNK: I'm gonna make pretty red stains out of your boyfriend, Kate.
UNK: Trapper John : I got my gun to his throat,
UNK: and I'm gonna paint a Jackson Pollock with his insides!
Peterson : You need to calm him down. Listen to me, jackass,
Beckett : I do not control traffic.
UNK: So you're gonna have to give me 20 minutes.
UNK: Now you've got one minute, Kate. No!
Beckett : I've got 20.
Beckett : Do you hear me? Twenty.
Beckett : Because if you pull that trigger,
Beckett : I will walk through those doors
Beckett : and personally put a bullet through your skull.
UNK: Trapper John : Okay, Kate, you got 20 more minutes.
Peterson : Well, that's one way to negotiate.
UNK: Trapper John : Your girlfriend is a hellcat.
Davenport : Yeah, well, she's not my girlfriend.
UNK: Trapper John : She too much woman for you?
UNK: CHUCKLES DRYLY
Castle : So why are you guys robbing this bank?
UNK: Trapper John : Sutton's law.
UNK: Trapper John : When asked why he robbed banks,
UNK: Trapper John : Willie Sutton famously replied,
UNK: Trapper John : "Because that's where the money is."
UNK: PHONE RINGING
Castle : Except Willie Sutton never said that.
Castle : It was a reporter who made up that quote.
UNK: You see, writers,
Castle : we're really good at altering reality to fit the narrative.
Castle : And the story I see you guys spinning here
UNK: is really not about stealing money.
UNK: Trapper John : Is that so?
Castle : You and your crew don't wear gloves.
Castle : Obviously you're not worried about fingerprints,
Castle : which means you're not in the system.
Castle : And those accents?
UNK: You're mercs,
Castle : which means you're too smart to get on that bus.
Castle : So, what was in that box? Why the C-4?
Castle : And what are you really gonna do with us?
UNK: LAUGHING
UNK: Trapper John : I like you.
UNK: That's why I'm gonna kill you last.
UNK: DR. HUXTABLE : Trapper John?
UNK: Dr Huxtable : We're good to go.
UNK: Dr Howser : All right, everybody on your feet.
Beckett : Let's go. Up, up, up, up.
UNK: What are you gonna do?
UNK: Trapper John : You're clever. I'm sure you'll figure it out.
UNK: We still got 18 minutes, I want everybody in position.
Peterson : SWAT can rendezvous with the bus here on 49th.
Peterson : They can load there.
Peterson : I want snipers here, here and here. Get Roman on the horn.
Beckett : Why didn't he ask me for something?
UNK: What?
Beckett : Sir, he gave me 20 minutes
Beckett : and he didn't ask for anything in return.
Beckett : If he wanted to maintain control,
Castle : he would have asked for something.
Beckett : I mean, this is all way too easy.
Peterson : Take the win, Detective.
Beckett : No, sir, something is going on, we're just not asking the right questions.
Beckett : I mean, why would he bring C-4 to a bank robbery?
Beckett : What does Agnes Fields' murder have to do with any of this?
MONFRIEZ : Captain, I've got Sergeant Roman.
PETERSON : Yeah, Roman.
UNK: BEEPS
Castle : Mother, I find I'm no longer satisfied
Castle : with the customer service at this establishment.
Castle : I think we should take our business elsewhere.
Martha : I'm so sorry No..
Martha : Forgive me for dragging you into this.
Castle : It's okay. It's okay.
Castle : I love you, Mother.
Martha : Right back at you, kiddo.
UNK: BECKETT ON PHONE : Did you find anything on Agnes?
ESPOSITO : We've gone over phone and financials
Esposito : and talked to friends and neighbors.
Esposito : Nothing sticks out.
Beckett : What about Agnes's safety-deposit box?
Beckett : Somebody was pretending to be her dead husband
UNK: and accessed it monthly.
Beckett : Any leads? Nothing so far.
UNK: Relatives?
UNK: Agnes really didn't ha ve any relatives left.
Esposito : Her husband's dead. Her daughter and grandson
Esposito : died in a boating accident over a year ago.
Ryan : Only surviving relative is a former son-in-law, Ron Brandt.
Ryan : We left a message, we haven't heard back yet.
Beckett : Look, we don't have time to wait for a return phone call, so find...