UNK: Meta?
UNK: We really should have a code word so we all know which Beckett to kill
UNK: when her clone army attacks.
UNK: Unless we make a preemptive strike.
UNK: Get through to Jenny yet?
UNK: Still not picking up.
UNK: Don't worry. You'll be laughing about it soon enough.
UNK: - We are. - Thanks.
UNK: So I've been running through all of Stacey's client files.
UNK: Three couples have filed for divorce within the last month.
UNK: Can you believe that?
UNK: You marry the love of your life, the next thing you know they're cheating on you.
UNK: - It's not even... - Ryan.
UNK: Sorry.
UNK: Anyway, two of the guys have rock-solid alibis for the time of Stacey's murder
UNK: and the third divorce had nothing to do with cheating.
UNK: - What are you guys doing? - Hiding from creepy Beckett.
UNK: We're not...
UNK: Did you find anything on Greta Morgan?
UNK: Yeah. I found something pretty interesting at The Meritage Hotel.
UNK: What?
UNK: Greta Morgan.
UNK: I didn't kill her. I told you where I was that night.
UNK: People saw me.
UNK: Doesn't matter. We already have you on prostitution and extortion.
UNK: So you're looking at ten years.
UNK: But if you decide to help us find the truth,
UNK: I might be inspired to recommend
UNK: that the D.A. give you a suspended sentence.
UNK: What do you want to know?
UNK: Were there any other marks besides Bill Wellington?
UNK: Stacey hated that because of her,
UNK: these women were in relationships with bad men.
UNK: She felt an obligation to give them a way out with dignity...
UNK: The others. How many were there?
UNK: Two.
UNK: I'm going to need their names.
UNK: Their names, Greta. Now!
UNK: Rich Weiss and Scott Donner.
UNK: Tall with dark hair. They both match the description
UNK: of the guy who was sniffing around the Beaumont Hotel.
UNK: We talked to both of those guys.
UNK: You're saying one of them might be the killer?
UNK: Yeah, but which one did it, and how do we prove it?
UNK: By figuring out which cheater went home with his wife.
UNK: And which one stayed behind to commit murder.
UNK: So it comes to this : two phone calls to two wives.
UNK: One of whom has been sleeping with a cold-hearted killer.
UNK: See, this should totally be in the movie.
UNK: No twisty this, no melodramatic that.
UNK: People love twisty thises and melodramatic thats.
UNK: They love what's real. You know, less is more.
UNK: The hardest thing to perform as an actor? Doing nothing.
UNK: Just being still. Being quiet.
UNK: Yeah, I'd love to see that.
UNK: So Rich's wife confirms that after the party,
UNK: the two of them went straight home.