UNK: I haven't read it.
UNK: You took the part of Nikki Heat without even reading the book?
UNK: Well, Spike made a lot changes in the screenplay.
UNK: I didn't want to confuse the character in my head.
UNK: Changes?
UNK: What changes?
UNK: And then two months ago, she started to pull away.
UNK: Next came some phone calls at odd hours from some guy.
UNK: She wouldn't say who.
UNK: I mean, the signs were all there. I just didn't wanna see them.
UNK: Well, just because she was getting phone calls,
UNK: doesn't mean that she was having an affair.
UNK: I followed her last week. Saw her meet the guy.
UNK: A real low-life.
UNK: When I confronted her, she denied everything.
UNK: I called her a liar.
UNK: And now she's dead.
UNK: And then prior to her death, she was seen getting into your car.
UNK: After the party, I offered her a ride, thinking we could talk.
UNK: - Where did you go? - Nowhere.
UNK: She was barely in the car when he called again.
UNK: I started to get upset, she just got out.
UNK: Then where'd you go after you dropped her off?
UNK: I didn't go anywhere.
UNK: Then noticed I was in front of the Nautilus Diner,
UNK: I went in and was there until after midnight.
UNK: The hostess at Nautilus confirms Brad's story.
UNK: Has him there from a few minutes after 10 : 00 till about midnight
UNK: drowning his sorrows in five orders of baklava.
UNK: Ooh! I love their baklava.
Castle : The honey actually oozes out of the sides.
UNK: But the salient point here is that Brad Williams just alibied out.
UNK: Check into Stacey's phone records.
UNK: Let's see if we can find that new boyfriend.
UNK: All right.
UNK: CSU found a key hidden under the ceiling tile.
UNK: They say there's no lockbox in Stacey's office
UNK: and her assistant doesn't recognize it.
UNK: So CSU is running it down.
UNK: Well, maybe that's what the killer was looking for.
UNK: Maybe it's the key to unlocking the mystery of Stacey's murder.
UNK: So what're you thinking about right now, Detective?
UNK: What's our next move?
UNK: I'm thinking... I need a cup of a coffee.
UNK: Me, too! God, we are so in sync.
UNK: Hey, hey, Castle.
UNK: So I booked that chopper ride.
UNK: We're even gonna fly over K.J. McDoogals'.
UNK: It's the bar where Jenny and I met.
UNK: And then tomorrow I'm going out to Flushing
UNK: to ask her parents for her hand.
UNK: I told Jenny I'm playing darts with Esposito.
UNK: All right. Well, you're all set.
UNK: Um, I still need to pick a romantic restaurant
UNK: that's near the West Side Heliport. Any ideas?
UNK: Does she like Italian?
UNK: You are amazing.
UNK: In fact, I've already picked up on a couple of your little secrets.
UNK: Oh, really? Like what?
UNK: That thing you do.
UNK: Pushing your hair back behind your ear.
UNK: It's a device to distract whomever you're talking to.
UNK: Gives you an extra few seconds to think about what to say.
UNK: Huh! Really? I did not know that.
UNK: Yeah, and then there's those crazy four-inch spike heels.
UNK: God, they must be hell to run in.
UNK: You know, you wouldn't admit it,
UNK: but it's tough being an attractive woman
UNK: in such a testosterone-fueled profession.
UNK: The heels give you stature.
UNK: When guys have to literally look up to you,
UNK: it gives you a psychological edge.
UNK: Well, you're right about the heels and the stature.
UNK: But it's not because I need it. I just like it.
UNK: Yo, Beckett. We got something.
Esposito : Brad was right.
Esposito : Stacey did get a call just before she was killed,
Esposito : from one Duke Jones.
Esposito : Guy's got a sheet that reads like a primer on small-time crookery.
UNK: Got B-and-Es, racketeering and assault.
UNK: What's a high-class matchmaker doing with a guy like that?
UNK: Whatever it is, I'm guessing that it's complicated.
UNK: According to Stacey's bank records,
UNK: she was making weekly payments of $5,000 to the guy
UNK: for the last two months.
UNK: Anyone else notice that "two months" has been a recurring theme?
UNK: - What was the money for? - I don't know.
UNK: Neither does her boyfriend or her assistant.
UNK: Well, looks like we'll have to ask him ourselves.
UNK: - Ready to hit the bricks, Natalie? - Yeah.
UNK: Just have to put on your basic famous person disguise
UNK: so I'm less distracting.
UNK: Does that really fool people?
UNK: Yeah, works in L.A.
UNK: What about you? Do you do anything to hide your fame?
UNK: Doesn't really come up that much.
UNK: Hi. Can I help you?
UNK: Yeah, we're looking for Duke Jones.
UNK: Who's looking for the Duke?
UNK: Detective Beckett, NYPD.
UNK: Oh.
UNK: Chloe, why don't you get some air?
UNK: We're investigating the death of Stacey Collins.
UNK: Stacey's dead?
UNK: She was murdered.
UNK: What was the nature of your relationship?
UNK: I work as a P.I.
UNK: She hired me to run background checks on potential clients.
UNK: Five grand a week?
UNK: Seems pretty steep.
UNK: Especially considering business was down.
UNK: Hey. You get what you pay for.
UNK: And what was that exactly?
UNK: Let's just say I'm not afraid to go deep
UNK: to find out who someone really is.
UNK: And why would Stacey need your services all of sudden?
Jones : So she could vet her clients.
UNK: She made a bad call on one of them
Jones : and it came back to bite her in the ass.
UNK: - Did she tell you who? - Nope.
UNK: - Nature of the ass-biting? - Not that either.
UNK: You called Stacey 20 minutes before she was killed.
UNK: What was it about?
UNK: I'd finished a background check. Was just giving her the down-low.
UNK: And where were you last night between 10 : 00 and 11 : 00?
UNK: Ooh!
UNK: I was banging my neighbor.
UNK: She can vouch for me.
UNK: Great. We'll be sure to talk to her.
UNK: So you think this ass-biting client
UNK: might actually have something to do with Stacey's death?
UNK: Well, a recent conflict in the victim's life,
UNK: it's definitely a red flag so we gotta look into it.
UNK: Excuse me, guys.
UNK: Esposito?
UNK: Yeah, I need you to look into a couple of Stacey's clients.
UNK: She is crazy-smart.
UNK: You know, sexy, commanding. God.
UNK: On a good day, maybe, I'm one out of three.
UNK: That's why you're here, isn't it?
UNK: To learn the ways of Beckett?
UNK: I'm trying.
UNK: You know, Nikki is such a complex, juicy character.
UNK: I just really wanna get her right, you know?