Barney : Lots of ice.
Barney : New is always better, Ted! That's a rule.
Barney : Just like bigger is always better!
Marshall : That's not true.
Marshall : Sometimes smaller is better.
Marshall : "Hey, look how big my cell phone is!"
Marshall : You don't hear people say that.
Marshall : You want something compact
Marshall : and efficient that fits comfortably in your pocket,
Marshall : and I think Max is just a great guy.
Robin : - Lily told you. - Told him what?
UNK: Max has a small penis.
Barney : - How can you speak of such things? - Girls talk about everything.
Lily : Size, shape, left or right leaning orientation...
Robin : Length, resemblance to a historical figure,
Robin : such as Winston Churchill... Yes, that's one of you.
Robin : - Girth, grooming... - How can you speak of such things?
Barney : You're kidding.
UNK: Every time I mention a woman you don't know,
UNK: the first thing you say is, "Boobs?"
UNK: Not the complete sentence, "Does she have big boobs?"
UNK: Which also would not be great. Just : "Boobs?"
Barney : - I do not do that. - My friend Lori from work...
Barney : Boobs? Damn it.
Barney : But... seriously.
Barney : Boobs?
Lily : So why is it okay for guys to talk about boobs,
Lily : but the moment we bring up a topic like Max's small penis...
Lily : I'm gonna pretend this conversation never happened.
UNK: Impossible. Max's penis is stuck in my brain like a splinter.
Marshall : Like a splinter-sized splinter.
Barney : Speaking of disappointing weenies...
Barney : Tell them what you told me.
Ted : I want to ask the board at GNB
Ted : to move the site for the new headquarters so we don't have
Ted : - to tear down a classic old building. - I still don't get this.
Barney : Why, all of a sudden, out of nowhere,
Barney : do you want to ruin...
Barney : Wait a minute.
Barney : Who's the girl?
Robin : - Of course there's a girl. - What? I...
UNK: There's no girl.
Ted : Why would you even...
Ted : Her name is Zoey.
Barney : Boobs?
Woman : Beautiful building, right?
Ted : Look, mister, you are very convincing,
Ted : and I am very flattered.
Ted : Confused, even. But I'm not looking...
Woman : I'm not a drag queen.
Woman : But you definitely have me rethinking this eye shadow.
Ted : Not only is she funny,
Ted : hot and genetically female,
Ted : but get this...
Woman : Look at the Palladian windows, the rusticated stonework,
Woman : the marble cornices...
Ted : She's an architecture nerd!
Ted : A hot architecture nerd!
Ted : That's the dream!
Barney : Whose dream?
Ted : We wound up talking for hours.
Woman : I love how old parts of the city are.
Woman : It makes me feel connected to history.
Ted : Old is always better. I can't wait to be old.
Woman : Me, too.
Woman : You can wear elastic everything.
Woman : Your lipstick doesn't have to stay inside the lines.
Ted : You can shoplift and pretend you're just confused.
Woman : You could nap anywhere. Even while driving.
Woman : It's gonna be great. I can't wait to be all run-down and weathered and wrinkly.
Ted : Well, I'd say you got a pretty long wait.
Woman : That's sweet.
Woman : It would be sweeter if you hadn't thought
Woman : I was a tranny before, but it's still sweet.
Barney : Ted, that's so romantic. I want to fill a pillowcase
Barney : with dead batteries and beat you with it.
UNK: - Can I ask you something? - Anything.
Woman : Will you sign this petition?
UNK: "Save The Arcadian""
Woman : We are gonna stop the bastards at GNB from demolishing it.
Woman : Will you support us?
Barney : And you said...?
Ted : Where do I sign?
Wendy : Grape scotch. Not bad.
Barney : Ted, you only think The Arcadian needs to be saved
Barney : because some pretty girl thinks that. And seriously...
Barney : Boobs?
Ted : This isn't about the girl. It's about the building.
Barney : And what did this "Zoey" say
Barney : when she found out that you're the one tearing down her beloved Arcadian?
Barney : That you, Ted Mosby,
Barney : are the Architect Of Destruction?
Marshall : Sweet wrestling name alert.
Ted : Well...
Ted : It's a funny thing about that...
Zoey : So what do you do, Ted?
Ted : I'm a veterinarian.
Ted : What? I panicked!
Barney : This whole Arcadian thing is classic Mosby.
Barney : Changing your personality to fit some girl.
Ted : I don't do that.
Ted : Off to meet Steph.
Ted : We're adrenaline junkies!
Ted : Penelope is taking me to the Battle of Gettysburg.
Ted : We're gonna eat squirrel!