UNK: www.tvsubtitles.net
UNK: Kids, in the fall of 2010,
UNK: I was designing the new headquarters for Goliath National Bank,
UNK: which meant working side by side with your Uncle Barney.
Ted : I love your idea about a giant rooftop ring of fire
Ted : you can jump through with a motorcycle,
Ted : but I tweaked it slightly and... this is still super bad-ass.
Ted : It's now a patio garden where you can bring a nice bag lunch.
Barney : Sick.
Barney : Dude.
Barney : Working together is gonna be legen...
Barney : Wait for it.
Barney : I'll send you an inter-office memo with the rest cause we freakin work together!
UNK: Everything was going great. That is, right up until Barney said...
Barney : Big news. The board finally settled on a site for the building.
UNK: It was the site of The Arcadian, one of New York's grandest old hotels.
UNK: In its heyday, it was the New York home to kings and queens.
UNK: But lately...
UNK: ... mostly just queens.
Transvestite : Hi, handsome.
Transvestite : Lookin' for a date?
Ted : No, thank you.
Ted : Still got it.
Ted : Barney, we have to talk.
Barney : Sure. What's up?
UNK: Barney's Secretary : - Excuse me, Mr. Stinson. - Not now, Trish!
UNK: Barney's Secretary : But there's an urgent memo for Mr. Mosby.
Ted : - "Dary." - Legendary!
Barney : So, what's on your mind?
Ted : I can't design the building.
UNK: 6x05 - Architect of Destruction 1.00 . : : www.sous-titres.eu : : .
Lily : Not the slipper socks with the rubber soles.
UNK: I work so hard to set the mood,
Lily : and when I see those, I feel the egg go
Lily : right back up my Fallopian tube.
Marshall : Baby, these satin sheets are slippery.
Marshall : - Papa needs traction. - Traction?
Marshall : As you know, Papa likes to get down with enthusiasm.
Lily : Please stop calling yourself "Papa."
Marshall : And without traction, Papa's likely to boogie himself right out of bed.
Marshall : It's either these or soccer cleats.
Lily : So I talked to Robin.
Lily : I guess she and Max hooked up last night.
UNK: Kids, as you may remember, Max was a friend of Marshall's from law school,
UNK: with whom Robin was really starting to hit it off.
Marshall : Nice! I love that guy.
Marshall : Max is both his name and his level of awesomeness.
Lily : He's a sweet guy. She feels really comfortable with him.
Lily : They bonded over hockey. I guess he has a small penis,
Lily : but they want to double-date next weekend.
Marshall : Why would you tell me that?
Lily : So you'll clear your schedule.
Marshall : The other part!
UNK: The small penis thing?
Marshall : Don't! Stop saying that! Why do you keep saying that?
UNK: I don't want to know that. I'm not gonna be able to look the guy in the eye.
Marshall : I'm certainly not going to be able to call him "Max."
Lily : That's insane.
Lily : Just because you know Max has a small penis...
Marshall : Just don't!
Barney : You're kidding me.
Ted : I'm sorry. I can't do this if it means tearing down The Arcadian.
Ted : It's an architectural landmark.
Ted : Plus, people live there.
Ted : How does GNB plan to get hundreds of residents
Ted : - to just up and leave? - Snakes.
UNK: - Did you say "snakes"? - I don't recall saying "snakes".
UNK: Ted, I know you love crappy old stuff no one cares about.
UNK: But I'm gonna give you four words to live by :
Ted : New is always better.
Ted : New is always better?
Barney : You know who's a million times hotter
Barney : than the hottest girl I've ever slept with?
Barney : Her okay-looking friend I haven't seen naked.
Barney : Why?
Barney : Because new is always better.
Ted : And this theory applies to everything?
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Everything.
UNK: So, those new Star Wars movies... Those are better than the old ones?
Barney : The first three barely mention
Barney : the intricacies of intergalactic trade law.
Ted : And when you're at a Guns n' Roses concert,
Ted : you're like, "Yeah, yeah, Paradise City, whatever.
Ted : When are they gonna rock me some Chinese Democracy?".
Barney : Axl's really matured as a songwriter, Ted.
Ted : I'd like to buy my friend a drink.
Ted : What's your oldest Scotch?
Wendy : Glenmckenna, aged 30 years in oak casks.
Ted : - Amazing. - And what's your newest scotch?
Wendy : Jumbo Jim's Grape Scotch.
Wendy : Don't let it touch your skin.
Ted : Your call, buddy.
UNK: A glass of the Jumbo Jim's Grape Scotch sounds lovely.