Ted : That explains a few voicemails.
Ted : I think we can save The Arcadian.
Ted : Maybe not in the way you were picturing,
Ted : but I stayed up all night working on a new concept.
Ted : What if my design could incorporate The Arcadian's facade
Ted : into the new GNB headquarters?
UNK: It was one of those moments in life where everything comes together...
UNK: the girl, the building,
UNK: everything,
UNK: until...
Ted : - Are you married? - Yeah.
UNK: So, the facade will be completely preserved?
Ted : This isn't about the girl. It's about the building.
UNK: Yeah, it was about the girl.
Zoey : What are you doing?
UNK: It won't work.
Ted : Zoey, The Arcadian was a really great building once,
UNK: but it's full of snakes.
Ted : - Snakes? - I don't recall it.
Lily : Then he gets this panicked look on his face, says,
Lily : "I can't do this," and storms out.
Robin : That is weird.
Lily : But here's the crazier part.
Ted : No. You know what?
Marshall : Papa don't back down from a fight.
Marshall : So why don't you tell Robin... about this!
Lily : It was amazing.
Lily : He was passionate, animalistic,
Lily : a complete stud.
Robin : He's right there making you say all this?
UNK: "You're like a Greek god",
Lily : I moaned, as the...
Lily : - I can't read that, baby. - "Musky scent of man."
Lily : "As the musky scent of man
UNK: "and Marshall's sure-footed traction
UNK: "intoxicated
UNK: - "and overpowered me." - That sounds real.
UNK: And as for Zoey, it was funny.
UNK: I'd lied to her, then completely let her down.
UNK: And I barely knew her. But there was something about her.
UNK: I couldn't help but wonder if I'd ever see her again.
UNK: You'll have to come out of your hole at some point, you son of a bitch!
Zoey : Legalize it!
Barney : Ready.
Zoey : Aim.
Zoey : Fire!
UNK: Why, yes.
UNK: Yes, I would see her again.
Marshall : Hey. Hey. Hey.
Marshall : How's it going with Robin?
Max : I think I have to break up with her.
Barney : - Why? - You with her?
Max : Yeah, well, there's this...
Max : kind of weird thing she likes to do in the bedroom.
Ted : What's not for everyone?
Marshall : Come on, what is it?
Max : Come on, bro.
Max : This is a locker room.
Marshall : What do you think it was, Murray?