UNK: STOLE POLICE HORSE AT ANTI-WAR RALLY
UNK: SET CAR ON FIRE AFTER 2009 GUNS'N ROSES CONCERT
Ted : Chinese Democracy.
Ted : You're a little bit crazy.
Zoey : I'm usually crazy for a good cause.
Zoey : I can't just sit by while voiceless people or animals,
UNK: or even buildings get screwed over.
UNK: I'm certainly not going to just sit by while GNB turns The Arcadian
UNK: into a soulless metal box.
Ted : Although I hear there's a lovely rooftop patio
Ted : where folks can enjoy a nice bag lunch.
Zoey : I will find the bastards at GNB responsible for this,
Zoey : and I promise you,
Zoey : I will take them down.
Barney : This woman is an anarchist,
Barney : a sociopath, a lunatic,
Barney : and for the love of God,
UNK: boobs!
Ted : Solid C-cup, perky bounce.
Barney : Momentary grudging respect.
Ted : Zoey does what she believes is right,
Ted : and I want to do the same thing.
Ted : We have to find a new site.
Barney : That is never gonna happen.
Ted : I can't tear down The Arcadian. I'm sorry, but I'm off the project.
UNK: I appreciate the great turnout, but just so we're all on the same page,
UNK: this is not a rally to legalize marijuana.
Man : Oh, bummer!
Zoey : I'm so glad you came.
Ted : You really got to me the other night.
UNK: I want to "Save The Arcadian."
UNK: Ted from 2030 : Great. I'll grab you a picket sign.
UNK: Do you want "GNB puts the douche in fiduciary..."
UNK: or "It's always 4 : 20 somewhere"?
UNK: Dudes, you forgot your signs!
UNK: Looking up at that old structure,
UNK: I realized I wasn't letting my feelings for Zoey mislead me.
UNK: This building really was worth saving.
Zoey : Everything okay?
Zoey : You work for GNB?
Man : Why are you dressed like a wizard?
Ted : She was really hot, okay?
UNK: How did you do that?
Barney : Simple.
Barney : I rented the chair.
Barney : The bunny was here already.
Barney : I waited to do the dramatic swivel until I heard you enter.
Ted : The billboard.
Barney : I had to.
UNK: Now you have no shot with her, you'll realize you never cared about it,
UNK: - and everything goes back to normal. - You're wrong, I do care.
Ted : And I'm still quitting.
UNK: Don't you get it?
Barney : We're tearing down The Arcadian either way.
Barney : It's a stupid old piece-of-crap, run-down, snake-infested dump!
UNK: Are there snakes?!
Barney : Who mentioned snakes?
Barney : And stop shouting! You're scaring Cottontail.
UNK: You named it?
Barney : You took longer to get here, we bonded, I'm keeping her.
Ted : The point is,
Barney : you now have a chance to design your own building.
Barney : You can do whatever you want.
Ted : You're right.
Ted : You're right. I can design it however I want.
Barney : So you're back in?
Barney : Yeah.
UNK: Ted from 2030 : That night, as I worked on a new design
UNK: that just might solve all my problems...
UNK: Marshall was visited by a disturbing vision.
UNK: He thinks I like this...
Lily : But it feels disgusting.