Esposito : Makes sense. That way, she could keep tabs on our investigation.
UNK: Uh, she was doing more than that. She was trying to throw us off track.
UNK: Do you remember when she said
UNK: that she spoke with Jade's parents in Japan?
BECKETT : Mmm-hmm.
Ryan : Well, Jade didn't have any parents.
Ryan : Turns out she was raised in an orphanage from age 10.
UNK: Jade was orphaned at age 10? How did that happen?
Ryan : I tried to find out, but prior to the orphanage,
Ryan : can't find any record of Jade Yamata, if that's even her name.
Ryan : Not a birth certificate, nothing. It's like she didn't exist.
UNK: Sounds like someone was trying to cover up Jade's history.
UNK: We're gonna have to dig up whatever they were trying to hide.
Beckett : If we know her true identity, it may lead us to why she was killed,
Beckett : so find out everything you can on Jade. Start with the orphanage.
Beckett : Castle and I'll talk to Perlmutter and we'll see
Beckett : if her body can tell us who she really was.
Perlmutter : I checked the victim for any implants or traceable medical hardware,
Perlmutter : but I discovered nothing that would aid you in your quest.
Perlmutter : However, I did find a telling mark on her body.
Perlmutter : This is a very unusual scar.
UNK: My guess is she sustained the injury 10 or 12 years ago.
Castle : Right about the time she was sent to the orphanage.
UNK: In what way is this scar unusual?
Perlmutter : She took shrapnel.
Perlmutter : Based on faint, small scars over her back and legs,
UNK: it was from some kind of explosion, like an IED.
Beckett : You're not saying she was in combat as a 10-year-old girl?
UNK: Uh, improbable, but this much I know,
Perlmutter : she was treated by a US military surgeon.
Beckett : And you know that based on what?
Perlmnutter : Uh, this open type of stippled scarring
Perlmnutter : is the result of a technique called debriding.
UNK: Military surgeons started using it on blast wounds during the Afghan War,
Perlmnutter : saved a lot of lives,
Perlmnutter : but it wasn't adopted by civilian doctors until fairly recently.