Castle : You'll see.
UNK: SIGHS
Beckett : Mr. Tong, I'm Detective Beckett. This is Mr. Castle.
Castle : Oh, I believe we've already met. Earlier today, in fact.
UNK: I don't think so. Why am I here?
Beckett : We're investigating Jade Yamata's death,
Beckett : and we need to ask you a few questions.
UNK: Now, I understand that the two of you
Beckett : had a rehearsal scheduled for last night?
Lee : Yeah, but then she bailed on me.
Beckett : And where did you go afterwards?
UNK: To an art-house theater downtown.
Lee : They were doing a Kurosawa retrospective.
Beckett : Can anyone corroborate that?
Lee : I doubt it. Why?
Beckett : Because you didn't return to your dorm until 4 : 00 a.m.
Beckett : That's exactly one hour after Jade was murdered.
UNK: Wait, you think I killed Jade?
UNK: People heard you threatening her.
Lee : I didn't mean it. I was just frustrated.
Lee : She kept missing rehearsals, showing up distracted.
UNK: Look, if she fumbles a lift, I'm the one who blows a knee.
UNK: But that's not all it was, was it?
Beckett : You were pushing Jade for a more intimate relationship.
Lee : Not once I got to know her.
Lee : She wasn't as serious about her craft as I thought,
Lee : and I just got sick of dealing with her.
Lee : But it all got way easier the second I knew she was leaving.
Beckett : What are you doing?
Castle : It's not him. A ninja would've caught the cup.
Lee : - I'm not a ninja. - Obviously.
Lee : And I'm Korean, not Japanese. Way to racially profile.
Beckett : What do you mean that Jade was leaving?
UNK: Every night during rehearsal, she would cut out at 8 : 00,
Lee : run to the bodega and use the pay phone.
Beckett : Who was she calling?
Lee : I have no idea, but I finally lit into her about it last night.
Lee : That's when she told me she was quitting the ballet company.
Lee : - Then she left. - Where'd she go?
Lee : I don't know.
Lee : She changed into party clothes and took off.
Lee : That's the last I saw of her, I swear.
CASTLE : Jade was quitting the ballet?
Castle : She worked and trained all her life to come here and dance at the NYBC,
Castle : and suddenly she's gonna give it all up?
Castle : What could possibly happen to suddenly make her wanna do that?
Castle : And why aren't you talking, Beckett?
Castle : You're not still mad at me about the cup?
Castle : I'm not?
RYAN : Well, Lee's story checks out.
Ryan : Usher at the movie theater recalls him sleeping through Dersu Uzala.
UNK: Blasphemy.
Ryan : In any case, records from the bodega pay phone back up Lee's story.
UNK: Every night at 8 : 00, calls were made to the same number,
Ryan : place called Miyago.