Castle : - Who are those people? - ESPOSITO : That's the Ozu family.
UNK: The dad was a building contractor who had a run-in with the local Yakuza.
Esposito : The Yakuza settled it by stabbing his whole family
Esposito : and then blowing up his house.
UNK: And this is the murder weapon they found at the scene.
Beckett : That looks like the knife that was used on Jade.
Beckett : - Yeah. - Was there a suspect in the murders?
Esposito : No arrest was made, but rumor had it
Esposito : the family was murdered by the Green Dragon.
Castle : I take it he's not a reptile.
Esposito : Reptile, no. Monster, yes.
Esposito : The Green Dragon was a secret ninja enforcer of the Yakuza.
Esposito : All of Okinawa was scared of this guy,
Esposito : and for good reason, he's a ruthless killer.
Beckett : Okay, so what does all of this have to do with Jade?
Esposito : Well, I think that Jade was this little girl.
UNK: Um, I thought you said the whole family was murdered by the Green Dragon.
Esposito : I got a copy of the police report
Esposito : from the Okinawa Prefecture, and I noticed this.
Esposito : The younger daughter, her birthday is the same as Jade's.
Esposito : What if she actually survived that attack?
Castle : If she was in that explosion, that would explain the shrapnel wounds.
Beckett : Someone must have found her and wanted to keep her safe.
Beckett : That's why she was treated at the military hospital.
Castle : Because if she was treated in a local hospital,
UNK: the Yakuza would know she was still alive.
Beckett : And that's also why her name was changed
Beckett : when she was put into the orphanage, to hide her from the Yakuza.
Castle : So, this is a classic revenge story.
Castle : Jade was hunting down the man that killed her family, the Green Dragon.
BOTH : Saito is the Green Dragon! ESPOSITO : The timeline fits.
UNK: He immigrated to this country 10 years ago, just after the murders.
Esposito : And when he did, the Green Dragon disappeared from Okinawa.
Beckett : That's what Jade was doing at the party.
Beckett : She was looking for proof that Saito was the Green Dragon.
Beckett : He got onto her and then he killed her.
Beckett : And then when you got close, he attacked you.
Ryan : Hey, guys, that was our team staking out the abandoned building.
Ryan : They just saw somebody go inside.
UNK: It's the ninja. Saito's returned to his lair.