Gates : Then get on it.
Ryan : Yes, sir.
UNK: Um...
UNK: Yes?
UNK: Yeah, I just... Can I expense this?
Castle : Don't worry. I'll absorb that. That's not...
Ryan : Castle, Beckett's calling for you.
Beckett : You didn't call because you were in a private room making out with a geisha?
Castle : Okay, we were not making out. She was kissing me!
Castle : And for the record, she wasn't a geisha. She was a hostess.
Beckett : The difference being?
Castle : Okay, point taken, but I was undercover, and I did get us a lead.
Beckett : Oh, you know what I would've appreciated
UNK: was a phone call about this lead.
UNK: Somewhere around 10 : 00 because, "That's what partners are for."
Castle : Right, and I was about to make that phone call,
Castle : and that's when the ninjas attacked.
Beckett : You've got an excuse for everything, don't you?
Castle : Okay, I'm getting the feeling that this is about more than me not calling.
Ryan : Was it that bad?
UNK: What, did she go on about camel treks and yacht races?
UNK: Or did you have a fight with the goddess?
UNK: Mmm-mmm, no, worse.
UNK: Carly was boring.
Castle : - Boring? - Yeah.
Beckett : All she did was complain about her husband,
Beckett : saying now that she was married, there's no romance in her life.
Beckett : It's just an endless routine of sameness.
UNK: So your fabulous friend...
Beckett : - Is not so fabulous anymore. - Ah.
Beckett : I mean, that's not gonna happen to us, is it?
Beckett : You've done this before. Marriage isn't gonna change us, right?
UNK: We're not gonna become one of those couples
Beckett : that go to the same two restaurants and only have sex on national holidays.
UNK: - SCOFFS - No, I'm serious.
Beckett : 'Cause that place that you were at tonight,
Beckett : it was filled with married men that are bored with their wives.
UNK: I don't ever wanna be bored with you,
Beckett : and I don't want you to be bored with me either.
Castle : Okay, well, then, let's put it into our vows.
Castle : A promise to each other that even though we're married,
Castle : it doesn't mean there is no more romance.
Castle : And we will never ever be boring.