Saya : The day our family died,
Saya : an American businessman came to see our father.
Saya : He was sent by the Green Dragon.
Saya : Last year, Jade recognized that man's voice from a TV interview.
Saya : She tracked him here, hoping he could lead her to our parents' killer.
Beckett : Do you know the name of this American businessman?
CASTLE : Randall Bedford?
Castle : Jade's boyfriend's father? I don't believe it.
Beckett : He lived in Okinawa for nearly a decade.
UNK: Jade must've started dating his son to get close to him,
UNK: hoping that he knew the Green Dragon's identity.
Esposito : Randall didn't just know the Green Dragon, he was in business with him.
Esposito : We ran background on Mr. Bedford's companies.
Esposito : Half of them are co-owned by Saito International.
Dean : Dad, is it true?
Randall : We were just kids when we started, Dean.
Randall : We were property developers.
Randall : Jade's father, he was an architect.
UNK: I was the builder, and Saito was the money guy.
Randall : But it was Yakuza money.
UNK: And when Jade's father found out that Saito was Yakuza, he wanted out.
UNK: But the Yakuza never lets anyone out.
Randall : That's why I went to their house that day,
Randall : to warn Jade's family that Saito was coming to kill them.
Randall : And after what Saito did to them, I decided to get as far away as I could.
UNK: And when Saito moved to New York, I knew there was no escape, Dean.
Dean : So she was dating me because of you?
Randall : I had no idea who she was. I thought the whole family was dead.
Randall : You fell in love with a ballet dancer...
UNK: Oh, God!
Randall : That's all I knew.
Castle : Mr. Bedford, if she had access to your study,
UNK: she could've gotten into your files from back in Okinawa.
Randall : She did and used them to track down Saito.
Randall : The night of the party, when he found out who she was,
UNK: he called me, enraged, and I begged him.
UNK: I said, "Please, don't hurt her."
Dean : Wait, you knew she was in danger? You knew and you did nothing?
UNK: Dean, he would have come after us.
UNK: She's dead because of you.
Randall : Hey! I was protecting you!
Randall : What was I supposed to do?
Castle : Mr. Bedford, I'll tell you what you can do.
Beckett : You can help us put Michio Saito away.
Ryan : Michio Saito?
Saito : You can't just walk in here.
Beckett : We have a warrant for your arrest for the murder of Jade Yamata.
Saito : You cannot prove I killed Jade.
Beckett : We searched your place. We found the dagger with Jade's blood on it.
Castle : We also have witness testimony
Castle : affirming that you are the Green Dragon,
Castle : responsible for murdering Jade's family. That gives us motive.
Saito : You've been played, Detective, and I've been betrayed.
Saito : I did not kill Jade and I am not the Green Dragon.
Saito : That honor belongs to...
Castle : You're the Green Dragon.
UNK: First Ninja : No. You just killed the Green Dragon in a heroic shootout.
UNK: First Ninja : That's what the headlines will say.
UNK: Too bad you're gonna have to pay with your lives.
UNK: GRUNTING
CASTLE : I told you there were two ninjas.
BECKETT : Castle! Get the gun!
Castle : Which one do I shoot?
Beckett : Drop the dagger! Now!
UNK: BREATHING HEAVILY
UNK: Bedford?
UNK: BREATHING HEAVILY
Beckett : Saya, drop it.
Saya : All this time,
Saya : my sister was using you to get to the Green Dragon.
Saya : But it was you all along.
CASTLE : It's the perfect ninja disguise.
Castle : A white American working as a Yakuza enforcer.
Castle : He's hiding in plain sight.
Saya : You killed my family.
Beckett : Saya, drop it.
Saya : He took everything!
Beckett : I know. I've been there.
Beckett : You want blood for blood, but it's not worth it.
Beckett : Just let him live with who he really is.
UNK: METAL CLANGS
Castle : And you're afraid we're gonna become boring?
Gates : I contacted my colleagues at the US and Japanese embassies, Miss Ozu.
Gates : They have decided not to press charges on impersonating a Consulate official.
UNK: SIGHS I appreciate that, Captain.
Gates : And I'd like to offer my personal condolences on the loss of your sister.
Saya : Thank you, Detective, for helping bring my family's killer to justice.
Beckett : Well, thank you for protecting the people that I care about.
UNK: Oh, there's something that we have to give you.
Beckett : Here you go. It's not evidence anymore.
Saya : My sister had this made in Okinawa.
Saya : It is a replica of the one that was used to kill my parents.
Castle : So, the place we found it, I'm guessing that wasn't the killer's lair.
Saya : No, that was my sister's shrine.
Saya : I took this from you because I thought I would need it to avenge Jade.
UNK: Well, I guess ninjas really do exist.