Gates : on the Upper East Side the day Jade was killed.
Beckett : A financier?
Beckett : What's Jade doing trying to get close to a guy like that?
ESPOSITO : Don't know, but I ran Saito's name through the system.
Esposito : It was flagged by Organized Crime.
UNK: - Organized crime like Yakuza? - ESPOSITO : Yep.
UNK: The rumor is he's high up on the chain in the Izumi clan out of Okinawa.
Esposito : His legitimate businesses are just suspected fronts
Esposito : for money laundering, drug trafficking and extortion.
UNK: So, what's a ballet dancer doing going after a guy like this?
Beckett : What could she possibly want from him?
Ryan : Well, odds are whatever it was got her killed.
UNK: Call Ms. Tagami at the Consulate. Have her get a hold of Jade's family.
Beckett : See if there's a link between Jade and Michio Saito,
UNK: or the Izumi clan from Japan.
Beckett : And why don't we go and visit the birthday boy?
Secretary : Mr. Saito will be with you in a moment.
Esposito : Yo, Beckett.
Esposito : Just like the weapons we were attacked with.
SAITO : It is a 15th-century shuriken.
UNK: Michio Saito : Very rare.
Beckett : Mr. Saito, I'm Detective Beckett. This is Detective Esposito.
Saito : What can I do for you?
BECKETT : Do you recognize this woman?
Saito : No, I'm afraid not.
ESPOSITO : You sure? From what we hear, the two of you
Esposito : spent a lot of time together at Miyago's hostess bar.
UNK: I spend time with a lot of different girls at the club.
Saito : They're not all very memorable.
Beckett : We understand that she was at your birthday party the other night.
Castle : - Was she? - BECKETT : Hmm.
Esposito : You saying you don't know?
Saito : I'm saying there were many people at the party.
Esposito : Well, witnesses said that the two of you had a fight,
Esposito : that Jade was expelled from your party. You wanna tell us what happened?
Saito : No one was expelled from the party.
Saito : If she left, it was by her choice.
Beckett : And I suppose it was just a coincidence
Beckett : that shortly after she left, she was murdered.
Saito : I am not responsible for what happens to her out on the street.