Barney : I don't want it. I want ice cream.
Robin : No, you're not having ice cream
Robin : For dinner just 'cause you're sick.
UNK: But my throat hurts. No.
Barney : I hate you!
UNK: Oh. Don't leave me.
UNK: Who is it?
Ted : Pizza delivery.
UNK: Whoa.
Lily : Hey, you tricked me.
Ted : You really thought I was the pizza delivery guy?
Lily : No, I knew it was you.
Lily : I just thought you'd at least bring a pizza.
Ted : Yeah, well, I brought a beer,
Ted : But I gave it to a homeless guy.
Ted : All right, he took it from me.
Ted : Now, will you please come home?
Lily : No, I'm not spending christmas with you.
Ted : Okay, I'm sorry for calling you a... That word,
Ted : Over the summer,
Ted : And for saying it again today.
Ted : And for thinking it a lot on the subway ride over.
Ted : I had no right to say that.
Ted : It was hurtful
Ted : And immature and I'm sorry.
Lily : Oh, shut up.
Lily : You think I don't know
Lily : Your fake apologies by now, ted mosby?
Lily : Huh?
Lily : You're clearly still mad at me.
Ted : I'm not mad at you. Yes, you are.
Ted : I am not mad at you, lily. Now, can we please just...
Lily : I've apologized to marshall and he's forgiven me
Lily : And we've moved passed it. Why can't you?
Ted : Because you never apologized to me.
Ted : You leave for three months, you don't even call.
Ted : Come on, lily, we're supposed to be friends!
Lily : Yeah, some friend, you called me a grinch.
Ted : You were a grinch!
UNK: How can you... Grinchy,
Ted : Grinch, grinch, grinch grinch, grinch, grinch.
Lily : Happy?
Lily : Now, you've pissed off the big guy upstairs.
Ted : Yeah, I'm sure god cares if I...
UNK: Big guy upstairs : You use that language again and I'll turn off your water!
Lily : That's my super. He lives above me.
Marshall : Great.
Lily : Thanks to your filthy mouth,
Lily : Now I'm going to have christmas alone in the dark.
Ted : Fine. I don't want to ruin christmas.
Ted : You can have the apartment.
Ted : Don't worry about seeing me there
Ted : I'll be in staten island with my cousin stacy.
Ted : Just...
UNK: Ted V.O. : Ow.
Lily : Merry christmas.
UNK: Robin on the phone : You're spending christmas eve with your family?
UNK: Robin on the phone : Baby, that sucks. I'm so sorry.
Ted : Uh, they're fine. They're just... They're a little weird.
Ted : You know they don't believe in gifts or christmas trees.
Ted : And they think santa's how satan spells his name
Ted : When he wants to trick us.
Robin : Well, do you want me to go with you?
Ted : Was that a sincere offer?
Robin : First tell me your answer.
Ted : Stay there. Save yourself.
Ted : We'll spend all day together tomorrow.
Ted : Okay.
Robin : You mean the whiney bottomless pit of neediness?
Robin : He was bugging me, so I spiked his echinacea tea with codeine.
Ted : You're gonna be a great mom.
UNK: Mm-hmm.
Marshall : Holy crap, the magical christmas season is upon us.
Marshall : And thank god we don't pay for utilities.
Lily : Merry christmas! What's in the box?
UNK: Only the best christmas present for the best girl ever.
Marshall : It took me all day to track it down.
Lily : I thought you were writing a paper.
Marshall : Ah, naw, I blew that off.
Marshall : I'll get an extension. School's not important.
Marshall : What is that pitter patter on the roof?
Marshall : Could it be the sound of an awesome christmas story
Marshall : About to come down the chimney?
Marshall : Why, yes, it is.
Marshall : 'Twas the day before christmas...
Marshall : It was supposed to arrive, like, five days ago,
Marshall : But then it got lost and rerouted.
Marshall : I checked two other branches,
Marshall : Finally they told me it was here.
Women : Yeah, all I needed to know was the tracking number.
Women : Looks like it's headed out
Women : To our regional branch in poughkeepsie.
Lily : What?
Marshall : No, no, no, no, I need that package today.
Women : Listen, the truck already left five minutes ago,
Women : So unless you want to run after it...
Marshall : Stop!
Marshall : Stop!
Marshall : Stop, please, stop.