Marshall : Yeah. No, you're right. Lily would laugh at anything.
Barney : She'd give it up for a bad pun.
Barney : I'm telling you, she's a laugh slut.
Ted : Remember that time we heard her laughing
Ted : And we thought she was watching weekend at bernie's,
Ted : But it turned out she was watching weekend at bernie's 2?
Barney : And her art?
Barney : "I'm lily, I'm an artist."
Barney : She doesn't even own a beret.
Marshall : Yeah, and if she's such a great "artist,"
Marshall : Why does she suck at pictionary?
Marshall : Who draws a ninja star like a star of david?
UNK: Come on, come on. Right, right? Yeah!
Marshall : Another round!
Ted : Yeah!
Ted : I was trying to help him.
Ted : I'm his best friend.
Ted : That's the best friend's job.
Lily : The best friend's job is to call me that word?
Ted : Yeah.
Robin : Oh, ted.
Robin : Oh, teddy boy.
Ted : Why is this such a big deal?
Ted : It's just a word.
Ted : We use lots of words, every day.
Ted : It shouldn't be any different than any other word.
Barney : Then why don't you say it now?
Ted : You timed that didn't you?
Barney : Perfectly.
Robin : Well, at least you apologized.
Robin : You apologized, didn't you?
Ted : Oh, yeah.
Ted : "I'm sorry" were the first words out of my mouth.
Ted : I'm sorry, but I am not apologizing.
Ted : I was just trying to put the guy back together.
Ted : You smashed him to pieces.
Lily : Are you seriously not going to apologize for leaving that...?
UNK: No! Why not?
Ted : Because, lily, this summer,
Ted : You were kind of a grinch.
Both : Oooh.
Lily : Oh, you'll be sorry, ted mosby.
Barney : Ted vivian mosby!
Ted : That's not my middle name.
Barney : You kiss your mother with that mouth?
Ted : Like you've never said that word.
Barney : I don't kiss your mother with my mouth.
Barney : Yet.
Ted : Are you sick?
Barney : Is it sick to find maturity
Barney : And experience sexy?
Ted : No, I meant
Ted : Do you have a cold?
Barney : I'm fine.
Barney : I'm fine.
Barney : My nose is just overflowing with awesome
Barney : And I had to get some of it out.
Barney : Now, if you'll excuse me, the holidays are a time when people
Barney : Are lonely and desperate.
Barney : It's the most wonderful time of the year.
Ted : I should go apologize.
Ted : It's christmas eve.
Robin : Yeah. I mean, slamming doors and screaming curses?
Robin : If I wanted that, I would have gone home for the holidays.
Barney : I don't see any mistletoe, but...
Woman : Oh! Oh, god!
Barney : Uh... "bless you" would have been nice.
UNK: You're sick. I'm not sick.
Robin : You're sick.
Barney : You know what? I am sick.
Barney : Sick of you telling me I'm sick.
Barney : What up?
Ted : Ahh... Three flights of stairs, not a drop spilled.
Ted : Hey, buddy.
Robin : You sure this is gonna work?
Ted : Yeah, this is our thing.
Ted : In college, whenever I wanted to make up
Ted : With her, I'd buy her a beer. Cute, right?
Robin : Totally. Plus free mug.
Marshall : Come on.
UNK: Ted voix off : Usually that would've done the trick,
Ted : But it turned out this was a problem
UNK: Ted voix off : Not even alcohol could solve.
UNK: Ted voix off : Actually the beer helped a little.
Ted : She took the decorations.
Ted : She took the decorations!
Ted : What a grinch!
UNK: Ted voix off : That time I did say "grinch."
Ted : All right.
Ted : I guess I have to call her, right?
Ted : Lily's cell phone.
Ted : She'll listen to reason... right?
Ted : Oh, hey, billy.
Ted : Actually, funny thing... The voice dial got you.
Ted : I was trying to call...
Ted : Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.
Ted : Yeah, the holidays are a rough time for everyone, billy.
Ted : Okay, yeah, dinner next Wednesday.
Ted : Okay.
Ted : Damn voice dial.
Robin : Barney!
UNK: What the hell are you doing?!
Robin : Get in here, it's freezing outside.
Robin : Are you insane?
Barney : Hey, blame lily and her
Barney : Oppressive "no cigars in the apartment rule."
Barney : God, it's like marshall's marrying the taliban.
Barney : High five.
Robin : Eww. No.
Robin : You have to go home and get to bed.
Barney : Oh, robin, my simple friend from the untamed north,
Barney : Let me tell you
Barney : About a little thing I like to call mind over body.
Barney : You see,
Barney : Whenever I start feeling sick,
Barney : I just stop being sick and be awesome instead.
Barney : True story.
Barney : Yeah, in two minutes,
Barney : I'm going to pound a sixer of red bull, hop in a cab,
Barney : Play a couple of hours of laser tag,
Barney : Maybe get a spray-on tan.
Barney : It's gonna be legen...
Barney : Wait for it...
Ted : Lily!
Lily : Merry christmas, assface.