Ted : Kids, as you know,
UNK: Ted V.O. : Christmas is a time you spend with your family.
UNK: Ted V.O. : So in December of 2006, I had three options.
UNK: Ted V.O. : Spend it with my mom and her new boyfriend clint,
UNK: Ted V.O. : Spend it with my dad and his new girlfriend micro-brewing,
UNK: Ted V.O. : Or head down to staten island to spend it
UNK: Ted V.O. : With my super religious cousin stacy and her family.
UNK: Ted V.O. : So I opted for none of the above
UNK: Ted V.O. : And decided to spend christmas 2006
UNK: Ted V.O. : In manhattan...
UNK: Ted V.O. : Celebrating with my other family.
UNK: Okay, I have one last paper due at 5 : 00 p.M. Today,
UNK: So until then, I will be at the law library at school,
UNK: But I'm not to be disturbed for any reason.
Ted : Dude, open your eyes.
Ted : You're going to hurt yourself.
Marshall : No, no.
Marshall : Christmas eve winter wonderland is my reward
Marshall : For finishing my paper.
Ted : Oh.
Marshall : Baby, do I smell your sinfully cinnamon cookies?
Ted : Yes.
UNK: Damn me and my heightened other senses.
UNK: Must be strong.
UNK: Okay, I'll be back here at 5 : 00.
UNK: Save me at least 20 cookies
UNK: And do not clean the bowl.
UNK: Is that a reindeer?
UNK: I don't want to know!
Lily : Hey, look.
Lily : Our old answering machine. Oh, yeah.
Ted : After you left, we, uh, we unplugged it
Ted : Because it reminded marshall
Ted : Of how you used to, you know, leave messages.
Ted : But hey,
Ted : You guys are back together.
Ted : I say we're plugging it back in.
Ted : It's good to have you back.
Lily : Oh, hey, look, there's still some messages on here.
UNK: Mr. Mosby : Hey ted, it's dad calling to check in.
UNK: I'm going fishing this weekend with my friend clint,
UNK: So if I don't hear from you beforehand,
UNK: I'll talk to you next week.
Ted : Yes, same clint.
UNK: You are, aren't you? Oh...
UNK: Ted voix off : But I didn't say "grinch."
UNK: Ted voix off : I said a bad word.
UNK: Ted voix off : A very, very bad word.
Ted : Oh, fudge.
UNK: Ted voix off : But I didn't say fudge.
UNK: Ted's father : I'm...
Lily : A what?
UNK: Ted V.O. : I...
Ted : That was barney, that was barney.
Lily : That was you, ted. That was marshall.
Lily : Marshall left a message for marshall?
Ted : You know, it may have been me, but it was so long ago.
Ted : Man, that machine, it really garbles your voice.
Ted : You know, it almost made it sound like I said...
Lily : Why would you call me that?
UNK: Ted voix off : It was a fair question.
UNK: Ted voix off : Marshall's breakup with lily had sent him
UNK: Ted voix off : Into a deep depression
UNK: Ted voix off : And nothing could get him out of it.
UNK: Ted voix off : Until one day...
Marshall : She was perfect.
Marshall : I lost the perfect woman.
Marshall : I should have knocked her up when I had the chance.
Ted : Okay.
Ted : That's it.
Ted : You're never going to get over her
Ted : Until you stop putting her on a pedestal.
Ted : So no more ice cream until you tell me
Ted : One thing that's wrong with lily.
Marshall : There's only one of her?
Ted : Okay.
Ted : She called off your wedding and dumped you
Ted : To be a painter in san francisco.
Ted : What do you call that?
UNK: Fiercely independent? Uh-uh.
Marshall : Brave?
Marshall : I guess it was a little selfish.
Ted : There you go.
UNK: Ted voix off : And in almost no time,
UNK: Ted voix off : That spark turned into a roaring fire.