UNK: ♪ I make my runs about the break of day ♪
UNK: ♪ Oh, ho, ho
UNK: ♪ I make all the little girls happy... ♪
Marshall : We delivered every single package on that truck.
Ted : Oh.
Marshall : But I still have one package left to give.
UNK: Mmm.
Marshall : Yeah, I did.
Lily : Merry christmas.
UNK: Open it, baby. Okay.
Ted : Ah.
Lily : Oh, my god.
Lily : An easy bake oven!
Lily : I've wanted one of these ever since I was a little girl.
Lily : In this exact model.
Lily : I never told you that. How did you know?
Marshall : It's our first christmas since we got back together.
Marshall : I want to get her something really special.
Marshall : So I'm getting her a jukebox.
Ted : Wow, that's a great gift.
Marshall : Not really. It's this big and it dispenses gum.
Ted : Oh, man, I know something you could get her
Ted : That would blow her mind.
Ted : Ready?
Ted : Eight years ago...
Lily : When I was a kid, all I wanted was an easy bake oven.
Lily : I begged and I begged, but all I got
Lily : Was a stupid lego set
Lily : Because my feminist mom didn't want me conforming
Lily : To traditional gender roles.
UNK: Easy bake oven... that's what I'm going to call my van.
Ted : Dude...
Ted : How was the concert?
Marshall : I couldn't find the outside.
Lily : I can't believe ted remembered after all these years.
Marshall : Yeah, and after all that weed.
Marshall : Where is he anyway?
UNK: Ted V.O. : Staten island.
Marshall : Why?
UNK: All right, don't tell your mom,
Ted : But I got you guys some presents.
UNK: Like the the gift of god's love?
Ted : No, dude, real presents.
Kid : Uncle ted got us presents!
Stacy : That's okay, ted, we'll just give them to charity.
Charity : Yay!
Stacy : Uh, not you, charity.
Stacy : I meant the less fortunate.
Stacy : Ted, how would you like to say grace tonight?
Ted : Uh, you know what, why don't you say it.
Ted : I really wouldn't know what to say.
Charity : Why don't you recite your favorite passage of scripture.
Ted : That's a great idea, charity.
Ted : But, really, I don't know.
Ted : I mean how do you choose your favorite passage?
Ted : It's the bible;
Ted : There's so many... Great ones...
Ted : ooh, I'll get it. Charity, I'm tapping you in.
Charity : Dear, father, thank you for this day,
Charity : And thank you for bringing this family together.
Charity : Amen.
Stacy : Who is it, ted?
Ted : Uh, it's... It's just, um, carolers.
UNK: ♪ Silent night
All : ♪ holy night...
Lily : I came here to apologize.
Lily : I'm so sorry, ted.
Ted : I accept. Give me the beer.
UNK: Mmm...
UNK: Mm, oh, it is so good to see you guys.
Lily : Are you coming home?
Robin : Totally.
Ted : But first, lily, I owe you an apology.
Lily : Oh, for the love of god, are you as sick of apologies as I am? Yes!
Lily : Can we just skip the apology and go straight to the forgiving? Yes.
Ted : And I promise, I will never ever call you a... You know, again.
Stacy : That's okay.
Lily : I was kind of a grinch.
Kid : What's a grinch?
Ted : Nothing. It's something you shouldn't say.
Kid : Mom, what's a grinch?
Ted : Grinch, grinch, grinch...
Ted : Grinch, grinch, grinch...
Ted : Grinch, grinch, grinch...
Ted : Grinch, grinch, grinch...
Ted : Grinch, grinch... Merry christmas, everybody.
UNK: Ted to the family : Run, run.
Marshall : Merry christmas, marshall.