UNK: I hit on her first, real aggressive.
Ryan : And Scott would come to her rescue.
UNK: Yeah, by "kicking my ass."
Beckett : So he was a pick-up artist?
Anton : You could call it that.
Anton : Scott was into rich married women.
Beckett : And why would he target married women? what was his game?
Ryan : I don't know.
Anton : He paid me not to ask.
Beckett : You think you can describe any of these women?
Castle : - I need more time. - Okay.
UNK: Hey, how did it go with Anton?
Beckett : Ryan will fill you in.
Esposito : I'd rather hear it from you.
UNK: - It's that bad between the two ofyou? - Yeah.
UNK: So we're going to look into Anton's alibi,
Ryan : but we don't think he was our doer.
Ryan : Turns out, he was actually helping our vic
Ryan : pick up rich married women in bars.
Esposito : So you think one of these ladies got ahold of a knife
UNK: and went all Psycho on him?
UNK: Or one of theirjealous husbands.
UNK: You know, Beckett,
Ryan : Anton remembers some of these women's faces.
UNK: So I think it would be a good idea ifwe got him with a sketch artist,
Ryan : - don't you think? - Yeah.
UNK: And we will do just thatjust as soon as you let me get into my office
Beckett : so I can make that call.
Beckett : - Now, may I? - Right.
Hayley : Thank you.
UNK: Hey, Beckett, one more thing.
UNK: Yes?
Ryan : Nice shoes.
Castle : Hey. what'd I miss?
Castle : Oh, that's mine. It's, uh, Australian money.
Beckett : Castle, this is very sweet.
Beckett : This is very you.
Beckett : But I don't think that it would be a good idea.
Castle : Look, I know we're on a time-out right now.
UNK: And...
UNK: But tomorrow's our anniversary.
UNK: And I just can't bear the thought of spending it without you.
Beckett : I would love to. I really would.
Beckett : You have no idea how much.
Therapist : But I...
Beckett : I'm worried that it would be unfair.
Beckett : Because no matter how great dinner would be,
UNK: I would still need our time-out.
Castle : No. No, I know. I'm not trying to put an end to the time-out.
UNK: I'm just saying, what ifwe could...
UNK: Have a time-out from our time-out?
UNK: Exactly.
Castle : So what do you think?
Castle : I would love to have dinner with you tomorrow.
UNK: Vikram Singh : - Got a sec? - Hmm?
Vikram : I found something odd in our victim's financials.
UNK: What?
Vikram : Direct deposits from a shell corp. There's a bunch of them.
Vikram : Five grand each.
Beckett : The last deposit was made three days ago.