Beckett : what are you watching?
UNK: Hmm? Oh...
Esposito : - It's porn. - Mmm.
UNK: You don't want it.
Castle : - Have you been here long? - These are our new offices.
Beckett : Is that the lawyer?
UNK: Uh, that is the live stream from Castle's glasses.
Beckett : So, you guys sent Castle on a surveillance mission
Beckett : after I told you he was not to work anymore NYPD cases?
Ryan : We didn't think you should know.
Ryan : We were trying to protect you.
Beckett : By sending my husband to the city's top divorce attorney?
Esposito : Happy anniversary?
Beckett : Do you guys have any idea how risky this is?
Beckett : This could blow the entire case.
Beckett : Our involvement in, and knowledge of, this operation is over.
UNK: So, tell me, what happened with you and Kate Beckett, right?
Lindsey : The NYPD detective?
Castle : Oh, uh, she's a captain, actually.
Lindsey : She moved up the ladder quickly.
Castle : Yes, well, she's very good at what she does.
UNK: And that is the root ofyour problem, isn't it?
Lindsey : She's so focused on work, she doesn't have anything left for you?
Lindsey : Don't look so surprised.
Lindsey : It's a story I've heard all too often.
Lindsey : But like the stories you write, Mr. Castle,
Lindsey : You get to choose how this ends.
UNK: So, tellme, are you seton divorce?
UNK: Oris there stillhope?
Therapist : Well, um...
Castle : That's a rather unusual question for a divorce attorney to ask.
Lindsey : - Well, it's not like I need the business. - Right.
Castle : Yes, I'm sure you're...
Castle : Sure you're very busy.
UNK: Could I... Could I get some water?
UNK: - Ofcourse. - Thankyou.
Beckett : There you go.
UNK: Thank you. A little dry.
Castle : - I am so sorry. - That's okay.
Lindsey : Tiffany, can I get some towels?
UNK: Tiff?
UNK: Idiot.
Lindsey : Um, I'm going to go to the restroom
UNK: and just get some paper towels.
Castle : - Of course. - Okay.
UNK: This is Lindsey. Uh-huh.
UNK: Really?
Lindsey : Thanks for the heads up.
Lindsey : That was a friend of mine from the DA's office.
UNK: And it turns out someone is trying to get a warrant for my client log.
Lindsey : And, oh, yeah, it's your wife!
UNK: Really?
UNK: That is a crazy coincidence.
Castle : Seriously, this is just a misunderstanding.
Lindsey : Okay. I'm not an idiot.
Lindsey : But obviously, you must be.
UNK: There was no way you could fool me.
UNK: Quite a grip you have. Strong fingers.
Ryan : George Keller.
UNK: According to Lindsey's logbook,
UNK: he is the last person billed for Scott's services.
Ryan : Is he connected to Keller Toys?
Castle : He's the president of the entire Keller empire.
Castle : Toys, video games, books, educational videos, you name it.
UNK: It's a multi-billion-dollar company.