Ryan : It's a solid theory.
UNK: Only it doesn't match the facts.
UNK: In order to verify Keller's alibi,
UNK: Vikram and I scrubbed security footage from his office.
UNK: It shows Scott arriving at 11 : 30.
UNK: But then Scott left 10 minutes later.
UNK: George Keller stayed until 3 : 00 a.m.
UNK: 3 : 00 a.m., that's an hour after Scott was killed.
Castle : - Keller's alibi holds. - Yeah.
Beckett : But you know, guys, just because Keller didn't follow Scott home
Beckett : doesn't mean he's not involved somehow.
Castle : Well, if he enlisted someone to kill Scott,
Castle : it would have to have been after Scott showed up and threatened him.
Beckett : You know, Espo, you did manage to get
Beckett : security cam footage from Keller's office.
Beckett : You think you could get some phone records, too?
UNK: Brad Washington : Lindsey Trent? Are you sure?
UNK: Yes, sir. Seems like she was Mr. Keller's go-to person
Esposito : for all manner of criminal activities.
Brad : If Lindsey was operating an entrapment scam for any of her clients,
Brad : it was without the firm's knowledge or approval.
Esposito : Well, then I'm sure you'll be happy to help us out.
Brad : - Absolutely. - Ryan, why don't you go with this guy
Esposito : and grab copies of Lindsey's files and phone records?
UNK: Yeah. Sure, Sarge. want me to get you a cup of coffee, too, while I'm at it?
Esposito : Ooh. I am so glad this is almost over.
UNK: Put this damn pad away. AII right?
Esposito : It doesn't matter anymore.
UNK: Yeah.
UNK: So, which one ofyou gets the house?
Lindsey : You again.
Lindsey : Here to harass me some more, Detective?
Esposito : Actually, I'm here to take you in.
UNK: Ifthis is your latest attempt to get access to my client log,
Lindsey : won't work.
Esposito : You don't get it, do you?
Esposito : You're under arrest for the murder of Scott McCoy.
Therapist : - What? - Yeah.
Lindsey : Why would I possibly do that?
Esposito : Because Scott was about to blow the whistle on George Keller.
UNK: And ifyour client's going down for criminal conspiracy,
Esposito : well, you would, too.
Lindsey : Okay, this is crazy.
Lindsey : You have nothing on me.
Esposito : Yeah, well, you can tell that to the judge
Esposito : who signed the search warrant for your apartment.
UNK: CSU is going through it right now.
UNK: Now, ifyou're innocent, that won't be a problem.
UNK: But ifyou stab a guy nine times?
Esposito : You're bound to get some blood on you somewhere.
Esposito : You probably threw the clothes out, but what about the shoes?
Esposito : Did you get rid of them?
Esposito : Did you just try to wipe them off?
Esposito : Because blood residue can be one stubborn son of a bitch.
UNK: And like I said, I'm taking you in...
Esposito : - Lindsey, calm down. - Shut up.
Esposito : - Just calm down. - Just shut up and let me think!
Esposito : Now, listen to me.
Esposito : You're a brilliant lawyer.
Esposito : You might still beat this.
UNK: But ifyou pull that trigger, you're gonna go away forever.
Lindsey : Stay back! Just stay away from me.
Esposito : I can't do that.
UNK: Javi!
UNK: Kevin?
UNK: Kevin!
Ryan : I'm okay.
Esposito : Your notepad stopped the bullet.
Ryan : How about that?
Ryan : Isn't that why you put it there?
Esposito : You saved my life.
UNK: Just help me up before the psycho bitch gets away.
UNK: AII right. Come on.
Ryan : Stop! NYPD!