Therapist : But from what I am seeing...
UNK: I'm sorry, but I'm going to recommend that the two ofyou split up as partners.
UNK: No, no. No, don't do that, Doc.
UNK: Yeah, there's got to be something else that we could try.
UNK: Well...
Therapist : Maybe you could use some sort of a buffer.
Therapist : A buffer?
Therapist : A buffer?
UNK: Richard Castle : Hey, boys!
UNK: Richard Castle : How is it going?
Esposito : I'm sorry, Castle. Man, you can't work this case with us, bro.
Castle : I'm not here about the case.
Castle : Tomorrow is the first wedding anniversary for Beckett and me.
Castle : And I was just hoping that you could distract her
Castle : - while I set up a surprise in her office. - I don't know, Castle.
Ryan : Beckett doesn't want you hanging around the precinct.
Castle : It's just a little surprise.
Esposito : Castle, nothing you do is little.
UNK: Yeah, probably come in riding on an elephant.
Esposito : And then he takes her and the elephant up in a hot air balloon.
UNK: Well, the first anniversary's paper, but otherwise that's not a bad idea.
Esposito : Wait a minute.
Esposito : We're not arguing.
Esposito : - He's our buffer. - He's our buffer.
UNK: Oh...
UNK: Let me guess. Little trouble in therapy?
UNK: Yeah, well, we need someone to follow us around
Ryan : and keep us from fighting.
Castle : I would love to, guys.
Castle : But my schedule is just so...
Esposito : we'll help you with your little surprise.
UNK: Congratulations, you got yourself a buffer.
Castle : - Let's go solve a case. - Yeah.
Castle : Hello, Lanie.
Castle : You are looking lovely today.
UNK: Lanie Parish : I look lovely every day, Castle.
UNK: Lanie Parish : And no, you cannot see the body.
Castle : Why does everyone assume I'm here about the case?
Esposito : It's okay, Lanie, he's with us.
Esposito : So what do we know about our victim?
Lanie : Name's Scott McCoy.
Lanie : According to neighbors, he's an unemployed actor.
Lanie : Sure had the looks for it.
UNK: Mr. Killer spared his face.
UNK: His body, though... Ugh.
Lanie : Nine separate entry wounds.
Lanie : Lividity puts the stabbing between midnight and 2 : 00 a.m.
Ryan : Nine entry wounds. That sounds like a crime of passion.
Castle : Yeah. Either that, or someone wanted to be really, really sure.
UNK: And we may have an idea ofwho that someone is.
Lanie : The weapon was wiped clean,
Lanie : but CSU found prints on the knife block where the killer got it.
UNK: Waiting to hear ifthey're in the system.
UNK: AII right, I'll follow up with CSU.
Esposito : Ryan, why don't you grab a couple of unis and start a canvass...
UNK: what?
Esposito : Oh, I get it. I didn't say "pretty please."
Ryan : - I didn't say anything. - You don't have to say anything.
Esposito : You just mope around Iike your dog died.
Ryan : Castle, you're supposed to be our buffer. Buff.
UNK: Right. Um, okay, guys.
UNK: Role playing. Each ofyou take the other's point ofview.
Castle : This is a time-tested method of conflict resolution.
Ryan : I think that's a dumbass idea.
UNK: You haven't even tried it yet.
Ryan : Oh, no, I was being Espo.
Castle : Oh, that's good.
Castle : Even you have to admit, that was good Espo.
UNK: Only you didn't say, "Yo."
Lanie : Yo, I just got a hit on those prints.
Lanie : Guy's name is Anton Ford.
Lanie : In the system for felony assault.
UNK: Assault?
UNK: Jeepers, I hope he's not mean to me.
Esposito : I'm very sensitive.
UNK: Oh, I get it. Yeah, he's being me.
Ryan : Yeah, that's pretty funny.
Castle : He did nail the walk.
Ryan : Yeah, his physicality's pretty good.