Esposito : You paid the guy that she slept with.
UNK: And then you hired him again
Esposito : to help you dump your current trophy wife at a discounted price.
Keller : You don't know what you're talking about.
Esposito : - I think I do. - Not another word, George!
Lindsey : You need to release my client right now!
Annika : I don't think so.
Lindsey : Any evidence that you think that you have has been obtained illegally,
Lindsey : making anything that Mr. Keller has said inadmissible!
Beckett : What's going on here?
Lindsey : Oh, well, you tell me, Captain.
Lindsey : First you send your husband to steal my records,
Lindsey : and now your detective is questioning my client without cause.
Beckett : Your client hired our victim to sleep with his wife.
Beckett : In fact, our victim slept with four ofyour clients' wives
Beckett : in order to blow up their prenups.
Beckett : That's a fact that I'm sure would be interesting
Beckett : to the New York Bar Association.
Lindsey : Okay. Let's not get sidetracked here.
Lindsey : The simple fact is you're investigating a murder,
Lindsey : which my client has nothing to do with.
Esposito : - So we should just take your word for it? - Of course not.
Lindsey : I will provide my client's whereabouts the night that Mr. McCoy was killed.
Keller : And you guys need to get your facts straight.
Keller : I'm not looking to divorce my wife.
Keller : We're renewing our vows next weekend.
UNK: You know we're gonna Iook into that, right?
Keller : Oh, please, do.
Beckett : - In fact... - George.
Keller : I'll even send you the insurance papers
UNK: for the two-million-dollar ring I'm giving her.
UNK: Keller is telling the truth.
Esposito : He and his third wife are renewing their vows
UNK: next week in the Caribbean.
UNK: And that two-million-dollar rock is legit.
Esposito : I was just about to say that.
Ryan : Oh, really? I thought you were about to tell her
Ryan : how you're still struggling to verify Keller's alibi.
Esposito : - Oh, I'm struggling? - Yeah, you're struggling.
Beckett : You guys, come on.
UNK: Guys!
UNK: AII right. Tell me about Keller's alibi.
Esposito : I'm still trying to confirm that he was at his office when Scott was murdered.
Beckett : Okay. well, until we can verify that, then he is still a suspect.
UNK: And my gut says he's hiding something. So, find it.
Castle : And your gut is never wrong.
Castle : You know, I know some people in Keller's circle.
Castle : I could put my feelers out.
UNK: - Uh, yeah, thanks, Castle. - My pleasure.
Castle : How are things between the boys?
Beckett : Not good, actually.
UNK: - I'm kind ofworried about them. - They'll work it out.
Castle : They've been through way too much together to give up on what they have.
Beckett : You're a wise man, Castle.
Beckett : With a big heart.
UNK: You're rather good-Iooking, too.
UNK: Might wanna pace yourself on the flattery,
UNK: you've got a whole dinner to get through.
Ryan : Come on, Javi, just say it!
Esposito : Trust me, you don't want to hear what I really think.
Ryan : - Oh, bring it on! - AII right.
Esposito : You're a whiny, insecure, jealous little baby
Esposito : who shot me in the ass on purpose!
Ryan : And you are an arrogant, man-scaped Neanderthal.
Ryan : And it wasn't on purpose. Next time, it's gonna be.
Esposito : - That's it, I want a new partner! - Me, too!
Castle : Oh, we can't leave them like this, can we?
Beckett : - I'll talk to Javi. - I'll see if I can calm Ryan down.
UNK: - Rain check on dinner? - Yeah.
UNK: Yeah.
Ryan : How did it all go so wrong?
Ryan : I mean, one day we're a team,
Ryan : simpatico, finishing each other's sentences,
Esposito : and then...
Castle : You shot him in the ass.
Beckett : - It was an accident, Jav. - Oh, was it?
Esposito : - You sure about that? - Yeah.
Beckett : And deep down in your heart, you are, too.
Esposito : It doesn't matter.
Esposito : Once the trust is gone, it's really hard to get it back.
Beckett : No, that's not true. A strong relationship can survive anything.
Castle : No relationship can survive secrets.
Castle : Or lies.
Castle : Now, you need to tell Esposito the truth.
Castle : That you were hurt and jealous that he passed the test and you didn't.
Ryan : Forget that. He rubbed it in my face, remember?
Ryan : - Sergeant Esposito. - You need to apologize.
Esposito : Hell, no, I am not apologizing to him.
Castle : - Why not? - Even before he shot me,
Esposito : he couldn't believe that I passed and he didn't.
Beckett : You have to let it go.
Beckett : You have to let it go.
Castle : I can't.
Castle : I can't.
Castle : Oh, it's my friend who knows George Keller.
UNK: Hey, Francis. Uh-huh.
UNK: Uh-huh.
UNK: Uh-huh.
Castle : No, that's good.
Castle : That's all I need. Thank you.
Castle : - Bye. - What?
Castle : Turns out, George is involved in a power struggle over the Keller empire
Castle : with present CEO Penelope Keller.
Ryan : His mother, right? She founded the company.
Castle : Yes, she did.
Castle : Now, she has an advantage over George,
Castle : because Keller is a family brand.
Castle : She has an impeccable reputation.
Ryan : Wait. You don't think...
Castle : Oh, yes, I do.
Castle : George hired Scott to honeypot his own mother.
UNK: Penelope Keller : I hadn't been with anyone since my husband passed last year.
UNK: It was time, and it was lovely.
Beckett : So, you had no idea that your son hired Scott to smear your reputation?
UNK: None.
Penelope : I wish I could tell you I was more surprised when you told me.
Penelope : But family values have never been George's strong suit,
Penelope : which is actually what our feud is about.
Beckett : What do you mean by that?
Penelope : George wants to shut down all the manufacturing operations
Penelope : in this country and send them overseas.
Beckett : To save money.
UNK: But thousands ofworkers would lose theirjobs.
Penelope : I consider those people my family.
Beckett : Did you ever mention any of this to Scott?
Penelope : Yes. Among other things he did well, Scott was a wonderful listener.
UNK: Why?
UNK: Well, it seems like he had a crisis of confidence that night.
Beckett : Something happened that made him want to change his ways.
Penelope : Oh, dear.
Penelope : You know, there was something odd.
Penelope : The next day, I couldn't find my card key to the office.
Penelope : I just assumed I'd misplaced it.
Penelope : Is it possible Scott took it?
UNK: So, according to Keller's security chief,
UNK: Penelope's card key was used to enter the building at 11 : 30 p.m.
Beckett : So Scott did go there the night that he was killed.
Beckett : And I am betting you it was to meet with George.
Castle : But instead of bringing X-rated photos of Mom,
Castle : Scott threatened to expose George's illegal smear campaign.
Ryan : So Keller followed Scott home and then silenced him.