Beckett : That's the same day that Anton said he and Scott worked their bit
Beckett : on that woman in the bar.
Beckett : You know what? Most of these payments
UNK: Iine up with when Anton said Scott hired him.
Castle : Sounds like Scott wasn't picking up on married women for fun.
Castle : Sounds like he was getting paid for it, but why?
Ryan : Don't know. I haven't found much on the shell corp.
Vikram : But they do list an address, a pricey apartment uptown.
Vikram : And when I called the building manager,
Vikram : he said Scott rented it a year ago.
Castle : Okay, so our victim is an out-of-work actor,
Castle : getting mystery money from a mystery corporation,
Castle : and now there's a mystery apartment.
Beckett : That's a lot of mysteries.
Castle : What the hell was this guy into?
Beckett : Whatever it was, it might've gotten him killed.
UNK: Surprise.
UNK: Oh.
Castle : This place is so much nicer than Scott's other apartment.
UNK: Bet he would rather have died here.
Esposito : Yeah, but why did he need it?
Esposito : And what did it have to do with the shell corp that was paying him?
Ryan : These drawers are all empty.
Ryan : Strange. It's like he only wanted to make it look like he lived here.
Esposito : Maybe this is where he was knocking boots with the married ladies.
Ryan : Sherlock Homeboy's got a theory.
Esposito : I'm sorry, what did you just say?
UNK: I said this place is really airy.
UNK: That is not what you said.
UNK: Okay, time-out. Guys.
UNK: In my official capacity as buffer,
Castle : I'd like to recommend that we try something.
UNK: No more role playing.
Castle : No, this is something my second wife, Gina, and I used to do
Castle : to avoid arguments.
Castle : Instead of blurting out whatever was on our minds,
Castle : we would write it down to revisit it later.
UNK: So nothing's said in the heat of the moment.
UNK: Exactly.
Castle : See, we found, with a little perspective,
Castle : what seemed so important to us at first was often quite trivial.
Castle : Sort of like our marriage.
UNK: Okay. I'm game ifyou are.
Esposito : Hey, I've got something.
Castle : Well, well, well.
Castle : Looks like this shell corporation was paying Scott
Castle : to seduce rich married women and get proof of their tryst.
Castle : Most likely to blackmail them.
Ryan : That's quite a racket.
Castle : Maybe a deadly one.
Castle : Looks like someone did not enjoy getting screwed.
Castle : Out of their money, that is.
Esposito : There's no SD card in here.
Esposito : It's wi-Fi enabled.
UNK: So is this printer.
UNK: Maybe the lastjob is still in the memory.
Ryan : Let's see.
UNK: Yeah, that's Scott in bed with a woman. But you can't see her face.
Castle : No, but look what you can see.
Esposito : I think that's her elbow.
Castle : No, not that.
UNK: The tattoo on the small of her back.
Castle : It's a dragonfly.
Castle : We can use that to ID her.
UNK: How? Are we gonna do a butt lineup?
Ryan : As fun as that does sound, we might not need to.
Ryan : Anton's sketches just came in.
Beckett : So where are you with matching