Beckett : - Found it. - Mmm.
UNK: Okay, well, time to get dressed. Spa day is over.
UNK: Yeah, but before we go,
Hayley : can you please give me the number ofyour tattoo artist?
Hayley : You're right, the guy's a bloody genius.
UNK: And when you ID'd the tattoo,
Ryan : did you pull the towel off or did itjust fall off?
Hayley : - Actually, Kate pulled the towel off. - Right.
Hayley : But I'm not quite sure how this is relevant.
Esposito : - You are pathetic, bro. - Somebody's gotta write this report.
UNK: Wow.
Esposito : So, Hayley, it must have been pretty hard for you guys to chase her,
Esposito : 'cause you and Beckett were both wearing towels, right?
Beckett : Hey. Okay, here you go.
Beckett : This is your voucher, just take that up to Evidence,
UNK: and that painting is yours.
UNK: AII right. I'll see you perverts later.
Esposito : Yes, you will.
Esposito : Ryan was trying to get details on your wardrobe malfunction.
Ryan : Me? You were the one asking if Beckett was wearing a towel.
UNK: That was for the report!
UNK: I thought Castle was helping you guys resolve this conflict.
Ryan : Yeah, then he went home.
UNK: Well, I have a suspect to interview.
UNK: And the two ofyou need to figure this out.
Esposito : - What are you doing? - What Castle said.
Ryan : Writing it down.
Ryan : Trust me, I've got a lot to write.
Esposito : Hope my pen doesn't run out of ink.
Nancy : Yes. I slept with Scott.
Nancy : And yes, he took photos.
UNK: Obviously.
Beckett : And then he used them to blackmail you?
UNK: Blackmail? Where are you getting that from?
Beckett : Well, how else did your now ex-husband end up with these photos?
Nancy : Because my ex hired Scott to sleep with me.
Nancy : The same thing happened with all of us, Annika and Claire.
Nancy : You see, our husbands wanted to trade us in for younger trophy wives
Nancy : without having to pay through the nose.
Beckett : Oh, because you guys had infidelity clauses in your prenups.
Nancy : Yeah, my night with Scott cost me $12 mil.
UNK: You do realize that you just gave me a motive for Scott's murder.
Nancy : I didn't kill him.
UNK: His neighbor ID'd you.
Beckett : He said that you were standing outside the building at midnight,
Beckett : just before Scott was killed.
Beckett : So do you want to tell me what really happened?
Nancy : The night that we had together
Nancy : was something I hadn't experienced in a long time.
Nancy : And to find out that I was just another paycheck...
Nancy : So I went to confront him.
Nancy : But I didn't even get to yell at him.
Nancy : He apologized to me before I could get a word out.
Nancy : Said he was a horrible human being for what he'd done.
Beckett : And why did he have this sudden change of heart?
UNK: He said that he'd learned something working his lastjob,
Nancy : something upsetting.
Beckett : So, did he tell you what his lastjob was?
Nancy : It was another seduction, but he didn't say who.
Nancy : Just that he had screwed over a good person,
Nancy : and he wanted to make it right.
Nancy : Or die trying.
UNK: So, Nancy's car service driver confirms that our vic was alive when Nancy left.
UNK: He helped her into the car at 12 : 15.
UNK: Then the driver took Nancy all the way out to Greenwich.
Beckett : Okay. So she's not our killer.
Beckett : Maybe Scott's murder has something to do with that lastjob he was working.
Beckett : Let's see who Scott screwed over
Beckett : and what he was doing to make it right the night that he was killed.
Ryan : And I think I know where to start looking.
UNK: Nancy's husband and his friends
Ryan : all used the same lawyer to bust up their prenups.
Ryan : Some hotshot named Lindsey Trent.
Ryan : The Ledger just did a piece on her.
Ryan : The divorce attorney to the rich and shameless.
Beckett : You know, if she was the one that was hiring Scott,
UNK: she would know what his lastjob was.
Ryan : Well, yeah, but there's no way she's gonna talk to us without a warrant.
Esposito : Which we won't get.
UNK: Not unless we have something concrete to tie her to all this.
Beckett : You know, I'll call the riding DA in the morning.
Beckett : We'll brainstorm on how to get a warrant.
Beckett : - I'll see you guys. - AII right.
Esposito : We need to go at this another way.
Ryan : You know, maybe the way to find out about Scott's last seduction
Ryan : is with a seduction of our own.
UNK: Right.
Esposito : - I have no idea what you mean. - Okay.
Castle : So, let me get this straight.
Castle : You want me to see a divorce attorney.
Castle : Tomorrow. On my wedding anniversary.
Ryan : To pose as a client.
Ryan : No, no, no. I don't think so, Richard.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : Does Katherine know about this?
UNK: Uh, no, no. And, uh, she is not going to.
UNK: Best to give her plausible deniability in case this thing goes sideways.
Castle : Although, I do love a good sting.
UNK: Alexis Castle : What would you need him to do?
Esposito : You know how lawyers keep a log of all the hours they spend on each client?
Alexis : Sure. They keep track of their time down to the minute,
Alexis : and of every expense incurred on each case.
Esposito : Just like hiring Scott.
Castle : So if I get a look at the last few days in this log book of Lindsey's,
UNK: we can figure out Scott's lastjob.
UNK: So, are you in?
UNK: Lindsey Trent : - Richard Castle. - Yes.
Lindsey : Lindsey Trent. Nice to meet you.
Castle : Thank you for seeing me on such short notice.
Lindsey : Well, divorce is stressful enough,
Lindsey : finding a lawyer shouldn't be.
Lindsey : Now, let's go back to my office and we'll see how I can help you.
Lindsey : How was your drive? Did you hit much traffic on the way in?
Castle : - No, surprisingly, it was not bad at all. - He's going in.
Esposito : Figures Castle would own a pair of live-streaming glasses.
Ryan : - Actually, Beckett gave them to him. - Really?
Beckett : What about Beckett?
Beckett : And what are you guys doing in here?
Ryan : Hey, Beckett. How's that warrant coming?
Beckett : You know, unfortunately, the DA said that we don't have enough proofto, um...