Esposito : Yo, Cap. We've got an update on a suspect.
Lanie : Anton Ford.
Ryan : Not only are his prints all over the crime scene,
Ryan : but he had history with our vic, Scott McCoy.
Esposito : Scott's credit card makes him a regular
UNK: at a bar in Midtown, we checked.
UNK: The bouncer said that, two nights ago, Scott and Anton got into a full-on brawl.
Ryan : And that wasn't the first time that these two went at it.
Ryan : Last month, same bar.
Ryan : And in each instance, it was over a woman.
UNK: Kate Beckett : So Anton was a lover and a fighter.
Esposito : Yeah, but apparently, not very good at either.
Esposito : Both times, our victim kicked his ass and went home with the girl.
Beckett : Which means Anton could have been out for revenge.
Esposito : Yeah, unis are bringing him in now.
UNK: Hayley Shipton : Hey, how are my favorite crime solvers?
Beckett : Hey! what brings you here?
Hayley : Oh, you said that I could come back, retrieve that stolen painting, remember?
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : Uh, you know, you just have to go to the admin clerk on the second floor
UNK: to fill out some paperwork.
UNK: Thanks.
Hayley : Oh, and it's so nice to see that Rick's back working cases again.
UNK: Um, yeah. what makes you say that he's working cases?
UNK: Hmm?
UNK: The admin clerk, second floor. Thank you.
UNK: He is our buffer.
Beckett : - He's your buffer? - Get the hell off me!
Anton : Come on, take these cuffs off!
Esposito : And he's our suspect.
Anton : Get the hell off me! Get off!
UNK: Go on, take these cuffs off!
Anton : See how tough you are!
Anton : You think that badge makes you special?
Castle : - That's our suspect? - I ain't do nothing.
Castle : How does that mountain of a man get beaten up by our human-sized Scott?
UNK: Twice.
Beckett : - Hi, Castle. - Hey.
UNK: Hey, I'm not here about the case, I'm just, uh...
Therapist : - A buffer? - Yeah.
UNK: Yeah, they told me. Sort of.
Beckett : - So, what is this, for therapy? - Mmm-hmm.
UNK: Okay.
Beckett : Well, good luck on your interview.
Ryan : Oh, hey, um, Beckett?
Ryan : About the interview.
Ryan : Would you mind doing it with me?
UNK: Three's a crowd in interrogation.
Beckett : Sure. Fine.
Castle : We are go for Operation Booyah. Repeat. we are go.
UNK: Wow.
UNK: "Little surprise" my wounded ass.
UNK: You have quite the temper, Anton.
Anton : When provoked.
UNK: Was that what happened the other night at the bar? You were provoked?
UNK: Wait, I'm here for a bar fight?
Anton : Come on, man!
UNK: Ifyou're dragging people in here for that,
UNK: you gonna have to arrest halfthe guys in New York.
UNK: Except halfthe guys in New York didn't kill Scott McCoy.
Beckett : And given all the witnesses who saw him beat you up...
Ryan : - Twice. - You have motive.
Beckett : Plus, your fingerprints are all over his apartment.
Anton : My fingerprints were there because...
UNK: Because?
Anton : Because we were friends.
Anton : Oh, Scott.
Esposito : Yo, Castle, you done yet?
UNK: Almost.
Anton : The fight was staged. Both of them.
Beckett : And why were they staged?
Anton : To help Scott pick up women.
Anton : You never heard of a wingman?
Ryan : A wingman who gets beat up?
Anton : It was just one of our tactics.
UNK: See, ifthe target seemed Iike she was into macho guys,