UNK: Vulcan Simmons' heroin to current dealers?
UNK: Nowhere. It's gonna take a while.
Vikram : Which is why I think you going out to dinner with Castle is a mistake.
Castle : I know.
Beckett : But I miss him.
Esposito : I get it.
UNK: But ifyou let him in and he figures out what we're doing...
Beckett : I know the risk.
Esposito : Hey. we've got something.
Esposito : Using a sketch that Anton provided,
Esposito : we were able to ID one of Scott's recent targets.
Esposito : Annika Smythe.
Beckett : Wait, the socialite wife of that hedge-fund guy?
Beckett : - Isn't she in the tabloids all the time? - Hmm.
Esposito : Which is how we recognized her,
UNK: and how we know that she's going through a messy divorce.
Ryan : You know Annika. Now meet Nancy Underwood and Claire Stevens.
Ryan : Both loaded and going through divorces.
Ryan : There's a picture of all three of them at a fundraiser last week.
Beckett : So, they know each other?
Castle : Oh, more than that.
Castle : They hang out together.
UNK: And, matter offact, according to Annika's Instagram,
Castle : they're going to a spa later.
Castle : And you know what this means, Beckett.
Castle : It's a murderous First wives Club!
Beckett : You think they did this together?
Castle : Why not?
Castle : Scott blackmails the ladies.
Castle : When they refuse to pay, he shows the photos to their husbands.
Esposito : Who promptly divorce them.
Ryan : So all three women band together to kill Scott for ruining their marriages.
Castle : It is the perfect theory.
Beckett : Except it's completely unsubstantiated.
UNK: That is true.
Castle : But we could just have them in for questioning.
Beckett : Based on what? The plot of The First Wives Club movie?
Castle : Of course not. There was no murder in that.
UNK: But whatever we do, we've gotta do it fast,
Esposito : before they all scatter.
UNK: Annika has been posting about how she's gonna be flying to Paris tonight.
UNK: And we need to get some hard evidence tying our vic to one of these women.
UNK: Castle, you said that they were gonna spend the day at the spa.
UNK: Yes.
Castle : Where all body art will be on full display.
Castle : If one of them has that tattoo...
Beckett : Then we can bring them in.
Beckett : I just need a partner to go with me into the women's locker room.
Beckett : A female partner, guys.
Hayley : So, I got the paperwork for the painting all figured out.
Hayley : I just need your signature and then I'll be on my...
UNK: what?
Beckett : - You look a little stressed. - No, I don't.
Beckett : What about a day at the spa, courtesy of the NYPD?
Annika : Did you see how it made the news?
Claire : Yeah, I bet we're not the only ones celebrating.
Nancy : Come on, guys. we're here to relax.
UNK: The regals have landed.
Beckett : So which one do you think is our tattooed lady?
UNK: Uh...
Hayley : There's only one way to be sure.
UNK: Now, I think that you and your husband are just in a rut.
Castle : It's just, we've gotten comfortable.
UNK: And I don't want comfort, I want edge.
UNK: Ooh, then you've gotta spice things up a little, sweetie.
Hayley : Get yourself a tattoo.
Hayley : Men love ink. Makes them think you're naughty.
Beckett : Oh, come on. That's not true.
Annika : Wrong. Tattoos are hot.
Nancy : We should introduce you to Ivan. He's a genius.
Beckett : A genius? I mean, that sounds Iike a little bit of a stretch.
Annika : Judge for yourself.
UNK: Wait.
Claire : Don't I know you from somewhere?
Claire : Yeah, you're married to that writer, aren't you?
Beckett : You know, I'm sure you're confusing me with somebody else.
Claire : No. She's a cop.
Annika : What's going on?
Annika : And don't pretend you're just here for a steam.
UNK: AII right. Fine.
Beckett : We're here to ask you a few questions
Beckett : about your relationships with Scott McCoy.
Annika : Call our lawyers, honey.
Beckett : I will, right after I drag you down to the precinct.
UNK: You can post a photo on Instagram.
Annika : I don't think so.
UNK: Ifyou really had anything on us,
Claire : you wouldn't be down here trying to see us naked.
UNK: Well, we've got something.
UNK: Or rather, one ofyou does.
UNK: And it's tattooed on one ofyour butts.
UNK: Oh...
UNK: Yep, got a winner. And she's running, in the towel.
Beckett : Stop! Stop her!
Beckett : No, don't stop us.
UNK: Oh.