UNK: 13 : But we tested his blood.
House : That's because we don't test blood for type. We test for antibodies.
Foreman : Because your body only makes those antibodies
Foreman : when you actually have that type of blood.
UNK: Well, apparently, he has one more symptom.
House : His body's making an extra antibody, type B.
UNK: Combine that wit h his natural type A and, presto, change-o,
House : he magically pulls blood type AB out of his hat.
UNK: Would you stop that? God, yes.
UNK: 13 : Autoimmune diseases can make antibodies go haywire, but, still...
House : It's happened. And apparently, it's happened again.
House : I finally have a case of lupus.
House : Flush him with saline, transfuse four units, type A
UNK: and start him on steroids.
House : He'll be back hoodwinking idiots in no time.
House : Big Love, rise.
House : Use their power wisely, my Lord.
Cole : I nominate Amber.
House : Cutthroat Bitch, rise.
House : You're surprised? You're everyone's pick.
House : Next victim.
Cole : I nominate
UNK: Kutner.
UNK: Now everyone's surprised. Why?
Cole : You said I don't have to justify my picks.
House : No, I said you could use whatever criteria you want.
UNK: Doesn't mean I don't wanna know.
House : He was right about this being a real case,
House : he was right about the botched transfusion and he's your love nugget.
UNK: You got no reason to pick him.
House : But somebody else does.
House : Kutner's a liability.
House : He electrocuted himself, lit a patient on fire,
House : it's only a matter of time before he burns the hospital down.
House : You made a deal with Cuddy.
House : That's how you got her underwear.
House : She sold it to you for the right to put her choices on the block.
Cole : You said get her underwear. I got it.
House : Your scheme was brilliant,
House : and you're fired.
Cole : You're all about breaking the rules.
House : Her rules, not mine.
House : The whole point of this was to subvert Cuddy.
House : You became her partner, gave her power she didn't already have.
House : Let her greedy fingers into my cookie jar, which sadly is not as dirty as it sounds.
House : Thanks for playing.
UNK: 13 : What the hell is this?
House : Looks like an envelope with the results of a genetic test for Huntington's inside.
UNK: 13 : Did you look?
House : I thought it'd be fun to find out together.
House : I don't want to know.
House : No, you're afraid to know.
UNK: 13 : I might die. So could you. You could get hit by a bus tomorrow.
UNK: 13 : The only difference is you don't have to know about it today. So why should I?
House : I don't have to know the lottery numbers,
House : but if someone offered them to me, I'd take them.
UNK: 13 : You spend your whole life looking for answers,
UNK: 13 : because you think the next answer will change something.
UNK: 13 : Maybe make you a little less miserable.
UNK: 13 : And you know that when you run out of questions
UNK: 13 : you don't just run out of answers,
UNK: 13 : you run out of hope.
UNK: Are you glad you know that?