UNK: Aw.
House : Five eager doctors, and no sick people.
House : Let us try and fill our spare time with a new challenge.
House : The winner gets immunity...
UNK: I've a sick guy. I saw this magician last night...
House : The girl's fine. He didn't really cut her in half.
Kutner : His heart stopped while he was hanging upside down in a water tank.
House : A drowning man's heart stopped? That is a mystery.
House : Along with immunity, the winner gets to nominate two...
Cole : He lost consciousness almost as soon as he hit the water.
UNK: You have to leave work at 6 : 00 p.m., but you make time for man dates?
Amber : What's the challenge?
Cole : Are we not allowed to be friends?
House : I'm just hurt. When I asked you to come see Mamma Mia...
Kutner : No history of heart disease, no angina, no...
House : He's lying.
Kutner : About his history? ER confirmed...
House : About everything. He's a magician. That's what they do.
UNK: He screwed up the trick, started drowning and he got a cardiac arrest.
Amber : You were talking about a challenge?
House : The winner nominates two of your competitors.
House : I will fire one of them.
Kutner : Even if he was drowning,
Kutner : it would have taken longer to set off a cardiac incident
Kutner : without some underlying problem...
House : Fine. Go run your tests.
House : If you're wrong, you're fired.
Kutner : If I'm right, do I stay?
House : If I say no, are you going to let your patient die?
Amber : What's the challenge?
House : We can all applaud the doctor who's willing to break all the rules.
House : But the real hero is the unsung doctor,
House : toiling in anonymity, because he broke the rules without getting caught.
House : I need to know you have these skills.
House : I need you
House : to bring me the thong of Lisa Cuddy.
House : Not kidding.
House : Thong, Cuddy, go.
Foreman : It's how I got hired.
UNK: 13 : You're actually considering this?
Amber : If you want to stand on principle, I really respect you for that.
Cole : It's childish, unprofessional and inappropriate.
Cole : The job is not worth it.
Taub : We should all beg off, tell him we failed, no winners, no losers.
UNK: Fine.
Cole : You're going to do it, aren't you?
Amber : Of course I'm going to do it.
Kutner : No valvular regurgitation, no wall motion abnormalities, no other structural defects.
Finn : If you didn't sound so despondent, I'd say that was good news.
UNK: No. It is for you, not for him.
UNK: 13 : Notice any heaviness in your legs the last couple days?
Finn : Why isn't it good news for you?
UNK: 13 : Because if there's nothing wrong with you, he gets fired.
UNK: Seriously? Somewhat seriously. Your legs?
Finn : Haven't noticed anything out of the ordinary.
Kutner : Shortness of breath? Would it help if I puked?
Finn : Pick a card.
UNK: 13 : Any tightness in your chest or arms?
Finn : Pick a card.
UNK: 13 : You don't seem too worried.
Finn : Would you please pick a card?
UNK: 13 : Our boss thinks your cardiac arrest was just a result of you accidentally drowning.
Finn : Your boss is an idiot. Put it back. Shuffle them up.
UNK: 13 : So, then, why aren't you worried?
Finn : Either I'm dying or I'm not.
Finn : I mean, I don't want the ride to be over,
Finn : but unless worrying is some new form of treatment...