House : Who spiked my...
UNK: 13 : What'd you drug him with?
UNK: Amber's nickname is "Cutthroat Bitch" and you're pointing at me?
Cole : Got the kidney sample.
House : You're the only one with nothing to lose.
Cole : Could have been you. You don't seem to care if you get this job or not.
UNK: 13 : Yeah, I've been here for eight weeks because my subscription
UNK: 13 : to Masochism Weekly ran out.
Cole : You're the only one who hasn't asked me not to put them on the block.
UNK: 13 : You're either going to pick me or you're not.
UNK: 13 : You're fair enough to try to make the right decision,
UNK: 13 : and arrogant enough that nothing I can say will change your mind.
UNK: 13 : I don't want it to be over, but,
UNK: 13 : unless worrying about it is going to make a difference...
Cole : I'm going to run some stains.
Cole : He'll be less of an ass to you.
House : Patient dead yet?
UNK: No.
UNK: It's a little much for a first date.
UNK: 13 : Obviously, you've never dated me.
House : Feels like you already got the lung and kidney samples.
UNK: 13 : Now I just need a piece of your liver.
House : Hey, you might want to use a little bit of lidocaine.
UNK: 13 : Oh, yeah, I forgot.
UNK: 13 : Slight pinch!
House : You drugged me.
House : You drugged me.
Wilson : Stopped by the lab.
Wilson : Your mutinous team is starting to worry about life on Pitcairn Island.
Wilson : All your biopsies are clean.
House : Because there's nothing wrong with me.
House : Did Foreman finally okay the amyloidosis treatment?
Wilson : Patient's scheduled for irradiation at 9 : 00.
Wilson : You risked your life again.
Wilson : You couldn't be sure he had amyloidosis.
House : You can't be sure that I couldn't be sure.
Wilson : You did one test. It was negative.
UNK: Inconclusive. Well, then,
Wilson : by all means, flood your body with possibly lethal blood.
House : I usually like to give the lethal blood to Foreman,
House : but I'm the only one who's type AB.
Wilson : Of course you're type AB, universal recipient.
Wilson : You take from everybody.
Wilson : Of course, you're type O. Universal donor.
House : No wonder you're paying three alimonies.
Wilson : How do you know what blood type I am?
UNK: I don't. It just seemed to fit the metaphor.
Wilson : No, no, no, no.
Wilson : Did you test my blood for something?
Wilson : Why would you test my blood for something?
Kutner : I didn't.
House : You must have told me what you were.
Wilson : Who the hell chats about their blood type?
Wilson : You had to have tested me.
House : There's no reason to ask anyone their blood type.
Wilson : You're about to run out of here, aren't you?
House : Nurse, can I have a moment with my patient?
Nurse : He's due in radiation.
House : It's too late, he's dying.
Finn : Told you.
House : I'm sorry I doubted you.
UNK: It'd be a shame if your secrets died with you.
House : Perhaps you've got that trick written down somewhere.
House : Or maybe you want to tell me and I'll write it down for you.
House : That way you can live on.
Finn : I'm taking it with me. See, that way it stays magic.
House : You were wrong about everything.
House : It was never magic, and you're not dying.
House : What's your blood type?
UNK: 13 : Type A.