House : No. Just treat for amyloidosis.
Foreman : No, don't.
House : You're playing the Cuddy card?
Foreman : That's why I'm here.
House : Amyloidosis was your idea.
Foreman : I was wrong.
House : Yeah, me, too. You were never fun.
House : Give me the blood.
House : I'm type AB. Give me the blood.
Kutner : Whatever's in there could be killing him.
House : In where?
House : How much tainted blood do you think they keep in here?
UNK: How many people have gotten sick from...
UNK: 13 : It would have to have been the first batch, the splenectomy.
UNK: 13 : That's when the symptoms started.
UNK: Okay, let's transfuse blood from those donors.
UNK: I'll be fine, we'll move on, treat for amyloidosis.
House : Fill 'er up!
House : I have a new theory.
House : You're not stubborn.
UNK: You're not going to get checked because you already know the answer.
House : I found an old picture in your wallet.
UNK: 13 : Of course you did.
House : I wasn't snooping. I needed lunch money.
UNK: I figure it's your mom, except she looks about 32 years old.
UNK: Now, the only reason not to update a photo in 20-odd years,
House : is she's not talking to you,
House : which would be interesting,
House : or she's dead, which would also be interesting.
House : She's dead.
UNK: So is Grover Cleveland.
UNK: Pretty young to have a dead mom.
House : Even younger 20 years ago.
House : I Googled her obituary.
UNK: Said she died at New Haven Presbyterian after a long illness.
UNK: Parkinson's?
UNK: 13 : Huntington's chorea.
House : I'm sorry.
UNK: 13 : I'm leaving when this case is over.
House : No, you're not.
UNK: 13 : You don't want a doctor on your team
UNK: 13 : who's slowly losing control of her body and mind.
House : Huntington's isn't the only thing that causes tremors.
UNK: 13 : You think it's just a coincidence?
House : I think you're the only one on the team who drinks decaf.
UNK: I've been switching it out with the regular ever since you dropped that file.
House : You're trembling because you're hopped up on caffeine.
House : The first file wasn't my fault.
House : Medical explanation for that is, people drop things.
UNK: 13 : I've been walking around thinking I'm dying.
Amber : You are.
UNK: 13 : You don't know that.
House : With Huntington's, it's inevitable.
UNK: 13 : No, you don't know, because I don't know.
House : How could you not get tested?
UNK: If your mom had it, it's a 50% chance you're a bomb waiting to explode.
UNK: 13 : Not knowing makes me do things I think I'm scared to do.
UNK: 13 : Take flying lessons, climb Kilimanjaro, work for you.
UNK: Yeah, 'cause if you knew, you couldn't do any of those things.
UNK: What?
UNK: 13 : You're sweating.
UNK: 13 : You're burning up.
UNK: 13 : House, you're sick.
Kutner : Could be pneumococcus. That'd cause chest pain and a stiff neck.
House : It's not pneumococcus.
Kutner : Let me check your lymph nodes.
House : I'm not the patient!
House : The patient is the one whose body is shutting down.
House : I'm having a benign transfusion reaction.
Amber : Pseudomonas would present as an armpit rash. Take off your shirt.
UNK: You first. House, you gotta let us do this.
Cole : We can't biopsy him without bleeding him to death.
House : You are not biopsying me.
UNK: How's your stomach? Any diarrhea?
House : The more transfusions you have, the greater the chance of you reacting.
UNK: I've had three in a decade. The fever will be gone in a couple of hours.
UNK: 13 : I heard somewhere that doctors ignore symptoms
House : because they think they can't get sick.
Kutner : You told us to give you the blood so that you wouldn't...
House : I am not sick.
Taub : Fever is a symptom.
House : But not of what the patient has.
House : My kidneys are working. I'm not bleeding out of every organ.
UNK: Yet.
House : This is a waste of time,
House : and it's distracting you from the actual case.
Finn : What's wrong?
UNK: The room's spinning.
Cuddy : You okay?
UNK: Dizzy, my mouth just went dry.
Kutner : Could be a symptom of a...
House : It's a symptom of narcotics.