Kutner : Eliminate your competition, which is definitely not me.
Kutner : And I'm your friend.
UNK: And how you going to explain to your kid
Kutner : that I can't take him to the zoo next week because you got me fired?
Cole : Kutner, he's going to seize again.
Kutner : Flank pain, his kidneys are shutting down. Also, Amber's a racist.
Wilson : You knew they'd get paged?
House : I noticed a trend.
House : If nobody does anything, sick people often gets sicker.
UNK: Do you think it's remotely possible they had sex?
Wilson : They're both single. It's still legal in the blue states.
House : She barely knows him.
Wilson : You know, in some cultures,
Wilson : hiring people to steal someone's underpants is considered wooing.
Wilson : You should move there, because here it's just, you know, creepy.
UNK: This was no woo. This was an effective test!
Wilson : This is beneath my skills.
Kutner : Kidneys are shutting down.
Kutner : Led to a sodium deficiency and caused him to seize.
UNK: Kidney failure means that I was right about amyloidosis.
UNK: 13 : Except that nothing in his medical history remotely indicates amyloidosis.
Kutner : So, kidney failure proves I'm right about the bad blood.
House : Bad blood doesn't explain the heart or the liver.
Kutner : His major symptoms didn't start until after we transfused him.
UNK: His cardiac arrest's no longer considered a major symptom?
Kutner : Not when it's caused by drowning.
House : So your new theory is that you were an idiot to take this case.
Kutner : Yes. Can I go test that theory now?
House : Waste of time. He needs a bone marrow transplant for the amyloidosis.
Wilson : You'd have to irradiate him first.
Wilson : If they're right about the blood,
Wilson : you'd be destroying his immune system for nothing.
Wilson : Which could be a good thing. Does he have a really crappy life?
House : Go prove I'm right. Do a subcutaneous fat biopsy.
UNK: 13 : At least let us eliminate the bad blood theory.
UNK: 13 : Check the blood banks for mis-marks and contamination.
UNK: You got two hours.
Kutner : That's completely arbitrary.
UNK: No, if I'd said that you've got three lunar months,
House : that'd be completely arbitrary.
House : Two hours is how long it's going to take Big Love
UNK: to finish the biopsy that you guys can't do,
House : because you're wasting two hours checking blood.
UNK: Nine, three!
Wilson : Five, all!
Taub : Hey, brought you something from the cafeteria.
Taub : It's not a bribe. This is a bribe.
Cole : How much?
UNK: $1 million.
UNK: $5,000.
Cole : This is so wrong. House specifically said
Taub : you can use whatever criteria you want.
Taub : I've got money. You need money.
Cole : Hand me that slide. Right now, you're earning
Taub : what I'm earning, which is miserable.
Taub : I know what school your kid's at. I know what it costs.
Taub : I've seen his picture.
Taub : He's going to need braces.
Kutner : No RBC damage.
UNK: 13 : Nothing wrong with storage.
UNK: 13 : I'm going to double-check type and start cultures.
UNK: We still got 32 minutes left.
House : Time flies. What have you found?
Foreman : You're checking up on them.
UNK: It means Cole's finished with the biopsy and it was negative.
UNK: Inconclusive.
UNK: The fat doesn't always give you the answer.
UNK: You need to biopsy his actual organs, lungs, kidneys, liver.
Kutner : We stick another needle in him, he'll hemorrhage.
House : Unless we start treatment for amyloidosis.
UNK: 13 : Unless it's not amyloidosis.
UNK: 13 : If he has an infection, the radiation will kill him.
House : Show me evidence of infection.
UNK: 13 : We need more than two hours.
UNK: 13 : Some of these cultures will take at least a day to grow.
House : He'll be dead in a day. Like he predicted.
House : No, he'll be half a day off.
House : Would it make you guys feel any better if I let you argue with me for three minutes
House : before I order you to treat for amyloidosis?