UNK: The surgeons have transfused three units AB positive,
UNK: 13 : but they're still looking for the source of the bleed.
Kutner : No trauma. Could be liver disease, vitamin K deficiency.
Kutner : Only thing we know for sure it's not, nothing.
UNK: And we would've noticed something chronic like liver disease.
UNK: 13 : It's probably an intestinal infarct.
UNK: No, I got it!
Taub : Eau de Cuddy.
Cole : No way. How did you get them?
Taub : Only one way.
House : These are not Cuddy's panties.
Taub : You don't think that I...
UNK: No.
House : Also, she's wearing a red bra today.
House : Like I'm the only one who noticed.
UNK: Means that the downstairs will match.
Foreman : Do your research, people.
Foreman : An intestinal infarct could be linked to the cardiac arrest.
House : Hike up your skirt.
Amber : That's rude, even for you.
House : Hike it down then. You're wearing a black bra. Let's see the underwear.
UNK: No!
House : You two cut a deal.
Amber : If you're not cheating, you're not trying hard enough.
Kutner : So, you're not wearing any underwear?
Foreman : There's a guy bleeding...
House : Foreman, she's not wearing any underwear. You used to be more fun.
House : She's not wearing any underwear, big deal.
Foreman : When she stops wearing clothes, then we can drop the medical stuff.
House : Let me see the MRI film.
Kutner : We didn't get any images.
Kutner : He started screaming as soon as I turned it on.
House : Define soon.
Kutner : I didn't even get a chance to sit down.
House : You guys ever wonder
House : how he was going to get out of that water tank?
UNK: You, come.
Surgeon : Lacerations in his digestive tract and his spleen is shredded.
House : Ladies and gentlemen, I have nothing in my hands,
House : nothing up my sleeve.
House : I do have something in my pants,
House : but it's not going to help with this particular trick.
House : Watch closely.
UNK: How you been? Fine, 'til now.
UNK: Ta-da!
House : Now, you disappear.
House : Look familiar?
House : The MRI's magnet ripped this through your intestine into your spleen.
Finn : Forgot about that, on account of almost dying.
Finn : Where's Dr. Kutner?
House : He's no longer on your case.
House : 'Cause there's nothing wrong with you.
Finn : I didn't screw up that trick.
House : Everything that's happened can be explained
House : by you being forgetful and incompetent.
House : You screwed up, you passed out...
UNK: Know my favorite time to lie? When my life hangs in the balance.
House : Your life doesn't hang in the balance.
House : You know your life doesn't hang in the balance.
House : Your reputation might hang...
Finn : You ever do magic as a kid?
Finn : You seem like the type. Lonely, obsessive...
House : I outgrew it. You?
Finn : Pick a card?
House : Too much trouble. Can I just pick my nose?
Finn : I am not a hack.
House : I tell you how it's done, will you go home?
UNK: Guess you're going to make it magically appear in my wallet...