Alexis : I didn't know she'd wake me up when it was still dark outside.
Martha : An actor learns to make sacrifices for his craft.
Martha : Besides, we'll all have plenty of time to sleep when we're dead.
Castle : Oh! Speaking of dead...
UNK: Castle.
Castle : No, don't be silly. Of course I was up.
UNK: What's the big hurry? The victim's not going anywhere, right?
Beckett : This one's different. Lanie.
Lanie : Heard we got an officer down.
UNK: Yeah, that's the word.
Castle : Who is it?
Beckett : Don't know, but a cab driver called 9-1-1
Beckett : after he parked and stopped for a smoke.
Lanie : Let's see.
Lanie : Single gunshot wound to the chest,
Lanie : and our guy isn't wearing his Kevlar.
Beckett : Mind if I step in there for a sec?
UNK: He's from the 116th in Queens.
UNK: This is an old-style badge, though.
Castle : Maybe he's old school.
Castle : Didn't want to give up the badge he built his career on.
Lanie : Castle, he's mid-20s.
Castle : You ever heard of a brilliant doctor named Doogie Howser?
Beckett : It's fake.
Castle : That's tequila.
Castle : It's cheap tequila.
Castle : And he needed a refill.
Beckett : So, a squirt gun and an old badge.
Beckett : Clearly, he's not a cop.
Castle : Maybe he was impersonating one to prey on vulnerable women.
Beckett : Armed with a tequila pistol?
UNK: Actually,
Lanie : I think women were preying on him.
Castle : Tear-away pants.
Beckett : He's a stripper.
Beckett : Not finding any ID,
UNK: but he does have a car.
UNK: Of all the cases in this city, and it's a big city,
Castle : you catch a male stripper.
Beckett : Yeah, well, luck of the draw, I guess.
UNK: Yeah, I'm just saying.
UNK: Shotgun.
Beckett : Castle, you're the only one here.
UNK: Yes.
UNK: Ugh! This place reminds me of my first dorm room.
Beckett : Victim's name is Derek Brookner. He's 27.
UNK: Hey, he wrote an address on the back of this deposit slip.
UNK: "423 West 59th. 4B."
Castle : That's right around the corner.
UNK: And his body was found halfway between that location and this car.
Castle : What do you want to bet that's where he was coming from?
UNK: Derek Brookner : NYPD. Open up!
UNK: Kathleen Park : Still sleeping, go away.
Beckett : Excuse me. Sorry.
Castle : - Wow. - Oh!
UNK: Wow.
Castle : Wow. Wow.
UNK: That... They... Whoa.
Castle : They make cakes in that shape?
UNK: Sarah Lieberman : Another stripper?
UNK: Jamie Ruiz : Whoo! Take it off!
UNK: Whoo!
UNK: Jamie Ruiz : - Take it off! - Mmm-mmm!
UNK: Jamie Ruiz : Take it...
Castle : Ladies, I am not a stripper,
Castle : though I can understand how you'd make that mistake.
UNK: NYPD.
Beckett : The one's with the real guns.
Beckett : We're here to investigate the murder of Derek Brookner.
Castle : We believe he was your entertainment for last night's soiree.
UNK: Kathleen Park : Oh, my God. Officer McNaughty?
UNK: I need to know the exact time that he arrived and left yesterday.
UNK: Kathleen Park : It was dark.
UNK: Sarah Lieberman : And his dance was long.
UNK: Jamie Ruiz : That's not all that was long.
UNK: Oh!
UNK: All right, let's pack it up.
UNK: I think the trip down to the station will jog everyone's memories.
UNK: Kathleen Park : Can we stop and get brunch on the way?
Esposito : Miss Lieberman,
Esposito : do you remember anything about last night?
Beckett : Derek was still wearing his costume when he was killed last night
Beckett : and he never made it to his car,
Beckett : which makes your party the last place that he was seen alive.
UNK: Jamie Ruiz : Well, he seemed fine when he left, right? I mean...
UNK: Jamie Ruiz : Oh, thank you.
Beckett : Were there any problems at the party?
Beckett : Any jealous husbands or boyfriends that showed up?
UNK: No, it was just the girls.
Castle : Who arranged the gig?
Alexis : I did. Jamie's always had a thing for cops.
UNK: It might interest you to know
Castle : I'm an Assistant Volunteer Homicide Detective myself.
UNK: How did you set it up?
UNK: Kathleen Park : The same way you'd order a pizza.
UNK: Kathleen Park : I called this place that I found online,
UNK: Kathleen Park : Mucho Men, and gave my credit card.