Beckett : Relax, Castle, he's on a chain.
UNK: NYPD.
Visigoth : This your old lady?
UNK: Billy Grimm : This is a private establishment.
Beckett : Well, then we'll try to keep this private.
Montgomery : Billy Grimm.
UNK: Billy Grimm : Bobby! Yo!
UNK: We need to ask you a few questions
Beckett : about your association with Derek Brookner.
UNK: Billy Grimm : Never heard of the guy.
Beckett : I make one phone call and Auto Theft Detail's down here
Beckett : checking VIN numbers.
Beckett : They find so much as a stolen taillight, you're violating.
Beckett : You remember him now?
UNK: You know, I do.
UNK: Billy Grimm : Seemed like a good kid.
UNK: Camille Roberts : He's dead.
Beckett : And I'm willing to bet that you had something to do with it.
Castle : Derek wore the colors and you got popped because of the show.
Beckett : That's why you put a contract out on him.
UNK: Billy Grimm : Well, I might have been a little pissed off.
UNK: Billy Grimm : But the kid came with respect. He brought a donation.
UNK: Billy Grimm : A donation. What are you, the Salvation Army?
UNK: Billy Grimm : Well, I was surprised, too.
UNK: But I guess Derek felt 25 G's might help bring down my overhead.
Beckett : Do you really expect me to believe
Beckett : that a struggling actor had enough money
Beckett : to give you 25 grand out of nowhere?
UNK: Billy Grimm : That's what happened.
Castle : Where did he get the money?
UNK: I didn't ask to see his frigging tax return.
UNK: Billy Grimm : Ain't my business how he got the money.
UNK: Billy Grimm : He brought the cash and that was good enough.
Beckett : Aren't you forgetting the part about the extortion?
Beckett : The part where you asked your girlfriend to deliver a message
Beckett : that Derek had to pay you 25 grand?
Beckett : You gave him a week to do it, he couldn't scrape together the money,
Beckett : and so you killed him.
UNK: Billy Grimm : - Babe, what is this? - I can explain.
UNK: Billy Grimm : What the hell were you doing talking to that bitch?
UNK: Mandy Carson : Listen, when you got out of jail,
UNK: Mandy Carson : I got nervous you were gonna do something stupid.
UNK: Mandy Carson : So, I went to talk to the kid,
UNK: Mandy Carson : told him if he didn't want any trouble,
UNK: Mandy Carson : he'd bring you a pre-emptive donation.
UNK: Billy Grimm : So, you warned him? That's why he showed up here?
UNK: Mandy Carson : I couldn't stand the thought of losing you again.
UNK: Mandy Carson : The only way you're going back to jail is over my dead body.
UNK: Pookiebear,
UNK: Mandy Carson : that is the most romantic thing I've ever heard, baby.
Ryan : Hey, Billy's alibi checked out.
Ryan : Bartender confirmed that he was shooting pool till close.
Esposito : And we talked to our C.I. and there's no word of our victim
Esposito : hitting up any of the usual loan sharks.
Castle : You know what I want to know
Beckett : is how a stripper comes up with that kind of cash in such a hurry.
UNK: Cash-N-Gold.
Beckett : Castle, you watch way too many infomercials.
UNK: We also checked his account at JLP Bank Corp.
Ryan : He never carried an account balance of more than a couple thousand dollars.
Castle : Wait a minute. If Derek had an account with JLP Bank Corp,
Castle : why was there a deposit slip from Rampart Federal in his car?
UNK: Let's run down withdrawals for 25 grand
Beckett : from Rampart Federal branches for the day that Derek paid Billy.
UNK: I don't know how you missed that.
UNK: Yo.
UNK: Rampart Federal on 93rd posted a transaction that size
UNK: made by a Jesse Mandalay
UNK: at 11 : 53 a.m. that day.
Ryan : Derek had a card for Jesse Mandalay tucked inside one of his books.
Ryan : I called the number, it was disconnected.
Montgomery : It's possible that Mandalay was the one that loaned Derek the money.
Castle : Maybe Derek thought he was on a flexible payment plan.
Castle : Needed more time and Mandalay killed him for it.
Esposito : Well, the bank is sending over
Esposito : the surveillance footage of Mandalay, right now.
Esposito : Here we go.
Esposito : There's Mandalay taking the cash.
UNK: Yeah, by the looks of that suit,
Montgomery : the loan business must be pretty lucrative.
Montgomery : Okay. Let's see this guy's face.
Beckett : Wait, wait, wait!
Beckett : That's not Jesse Mandalay. That's Derek with gray hair.
Beckett : Jesse Mandalay is Derek.
Beckett : The branch manager said that Derek withdrew money
Beckett : from an account called Sunfire Limited.
UNK: And his alter-ego, Jesse Mandalay?
Beckett : Was the signatory, but the rest is a mystery.
Beckett : Sunfire is linked to an offshore account,
Beckett : and the only person that they can trace it to is Mandalay.
UNK: A money trail that leads back to a man who doesn't exist.
UNK: Derek was dyeing his hair gray,
Castle : wearing fancy suits to look more distinguished.
Castle : And he was reading books on finance and investment,
Castle : so that he could play the role of Jesse Mandalay for someone.
Esposito : But why hire a struggling actor to play a businessman?
Castle : I did some research on Chinese companies
UNK: that would sometimes hire a white man to pose as an executive
UNK: at ribbon-cutting ceremonies, shareholder meetings.
Castle : Just to instill confidence in investors.
Castle : Likewise, college students seeking venture capital,
Castle : will sometimes hire an older-looking shill.
Castle : You know, someone who looks more
Castle : distinguished to help them secure money.
Beckett : So, if Derek was hired to be the face of the company,
Beckett : then whoever hired him was the person behind the bank account.
Beckett : Let's see if we can track down any checks
Beckett : that were deposited into Sunfire Limited recently.
Beckett : If we can trace the money, maybe we can figure out
Beckett : if Jesse Mandalay was a role to die for.
UNK: Yeah, that's Mandalay.100%.
UNK: Why?
UNK: Miss Lombardo, we need to know about the $ 10,000 check
UNK: that you wrote him a couple days ago.
UNK: Bella Lombardo : Sure. Best money I ever spent.
Castle : What was the money for?
UNK: Bella Lombardo : An exciting investment opportunity.
UNK: My girlfriend Sammi heard from her boyfriend Ronni,
UNK: Bella Lombardo : who heard from his cousin Pauly about Mr. Mandalay's presentation.
Beckett : And what was the sales pitch?
UNK: Bella Lombardo : The beautiful Braverman Lofts in idyllic riverfront Hoboken.