UNK: 300 bucks an hour to send my best friend off in style.
Castle : Did he mention where he was going after that?
UNK: Kathleen Park : We were all wasted by the time he showed up.
UNK: Kathleen Park : He could have told me his life story and I wouldn't remember.
Castle : Bachelorette party, male stripper, loads of alcohol...
Castle : One of you had to be taking pictures.
Ryan : Well, here is the last one.
UNK: Kathleen Park : I figured Jamie could refer back to these
UNK: Kathleen Park : when she's old and bored of her marriage.
UNK: Oh! Tequila shots.
UNK: They're treating him like a piece of meat.
Castle : It's okay.
UNK: Kathleen Park : It's what he's paid for.
UNK: Kathleen Park : He had fun, too.
Beckett : Wait, wait, wait, stop on that one.
Castle : It's a good thing you took 30 pictures of that one pose.
Beckett : Can you enhance the background? Over there, behind the group.
Beckett : Who is that woman?
UNK: Kathleen Park : Oh, that's Camille. She's a friend of Jamie's from high school.
Castle : It looks as though she and Derek know each other.
UNK: Kathleen Park : She never mentioned anything.
Beckett : Can you enhance her face?
Beckett : She wasn't at the apartment this morning. Where is she?
UNK: Kathleen Park : She left
UNK: Kathleen Park : right after Officer McNaughty.
Esposito : Turns out Camille Roberts has a record.
Esposito : Five years ago an ex-boyfriend filed a restraining order against her
UNK: after she threw all of his stuff out the window.
Castle : As a man who's dated several rabbit boilers,
UNK: I can safely say, been there.
Beckett : Yeah, but a restraining order doesn't mean that she's our killer.
Esposito : Yeah, except that her ex-boyfriend happens to be our vic.
Ryan : Picked up Camille Roberts at a cafe where she waitresses.
Ryan : She's in interrogation room one.
Beckett : What did we find from Derek's apartment?
Ryan : Mostly just old movie posters
Ryan : and a bunch of Donald Trump books about finance.
Castle : Maybe Derek dreams about being an entrepreneur,
Beckett : Anything else?
Ryan : There was a day planner with nothing in it,
Ryan : but a business card for a guy named Jesse Mandalay.
UNK: All right, run it. I'll talk to Camille.
UNK: Camille Roberts : This is like a bad dream.