Esposito : Three years varsity ball,
Esposito : two years Special Forces triathlon
Esposito : and NYPD police calendar 2007. What?
Ryan : It was a group photo.
Esposito : I got letters.
Ryan : Yeah, three. Two of them from your mom.
Esposito : One of them was from my mom.
UNK: Sure.
UNK: Castle?
UNK: Hey, honey, you found me.
Castle : I was just telling Denise, here, about you.
Castle : This is my girlfriend, whose idea it was to come here tonight.
Castle : She's very adventurous, you have no idea. There's...
Castle : Thank God you found me.
UNK: Kathleen Park : Oh, my God, these women are like piranha.
Beckett : So, listen, I just talked to one of the bartenders
Beckett : who confirms the booking agent's story
Beckett : that Derek was having troubles with one of the other dancers.
Beckett : Apparently, some guy named Hans
Beckett : was upset that Derek was getting the headliner shift.
Beckett : That gives us evidence and motive.
Castle : Let's go backstage and grab us some Hans.
Beckett : No need to, honey.
Beckett : He's in the next act.
Castle : Oh, God.
UNK: Haven't these guys read the memo
Castle : about the correlation between sun-tanning and skin cancer?
UNK: Can't you just relax, Castle?
UNK: I'm trying to figure out which one is Hans.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : NYPD. Please come off the stage.
UNK: Uh-huh.
Castle : No, no.
Beckett : Not you, just Hans.
Beckett : Guys, knock it off, okay?
UNK: I'm a cop, a real cop.
Beckett : Look, it's not funny.
Beckett : Now cool it.
Castle : Too much?
UNK: Derek
UNK: was a little bitch.
Hans : Do you know how many hours he spent rehearsing
UNK: our Privates of the Caribbean routine?
UNK: Zero.
Hans : He was all artsy-fartsy with his acting auditions this
Hans : and play rehearsals that.
Hans : Hans Von Mannschaft is the one doing the real work out there every night.
Hans : Hans Von Mannschaft?
Castle : That's a hell of a stage name.
Hans : I'll have you know I come from a long line of proud Von Mannschafts.
Beckett : And have any of them served time for murder?
Hans : Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Murder?
Castle : Careful, Hans. Your New Jersey is starting to show.
Hans : This place is about fantasy.
Hans : Women come here to escape.
Hans : It's just part of the act.
Beckett : Does that include getting rid of the competition?