Montgomery : Beckett, you sure about this?
Beckett : Sir, it's all right here in black and white.
Beckett : We tracked the money from the real estate scam
Beckett : to this offshore account in the Cayman Islands.
Montgomery : So Derek decides he's done playing the Mandalay role,
Montgomery : and because he knows too much, the only option is to kill him.
UNK: Hey.
Ryan : You were right.
Ryan : I was able to confirm Rebecca Dalton's whereabouts.
Beckett : Get a warrant to search for the murder weapon.
Castle : As someone who's written just about every ending in the book,
Castle : can I just say...
UNK: Amazing.
Beckett : You can say that after we get the confession.
UNK: Ms. Dalton, we did a thorough search of your finances.
Beckett : You've lost quite a lot of money since your husband passed away.
UNK: Michael Grant : My client doesn't need to defend her spending habits.
Beckett : She does if it's relevant to my case.
UNK: Rebecca Dalton : What does my money have to do with Derek's death?
Castle : Everything, actually.
UNK: Let's see, there's a clothing line that never took off.
Beckett : A failed jewelry business.
Beckett : I mean, should I go on?
UNK: Rebecca Dalton : That doesn't make me a murderer.
Beckett : Well, it was only a matter of time until all the money was gone.
Castle : Derek was handsome.
Castle : He was charming. You knew he was a decent actor.
Castle : It made him the perfect guy
Castle : to present investors with an opportunity they couldn't refuse.
UNK: Michael Grant : This is wildly speculative and your allegations are baseless.
Beckett : Derek took 25 grand from an account
Beckett : that initially led us in circles.
Beckett : The Sunfire account.
UNK: Rebecca Dalton : Well, this isn't possible. I didn't even sign this.
UNK: Michael Grant : Rebecca, I'm advising you, don't say another word.
UNK: Rebecca Dalton : Wait a minute. September 29th, I wasn't even in the country.
Beckett : We know.
Castle : The date it was signed...
UNK: Smack-dab in the middle of Paris Fashion Week.
Beckett : I knew that any former model worth her salt would've been there.
Beckett : And, of course, after checking flight records, you were in Paris.
Castle : Yes. And while you were drinking champagne,
Castle : your lawyer was using his access to your information
Castle : to create a scam in your name.
Castle : He was also stealing from you,
Castle : funneling the money into his offshore account.
Castle : That's why your businesses failed.
Beckett : He offered Derek a job behind your back
Beckett : to play Jesse Mandalay.
Castle : The money was decent,
Castle : but when the bikers came after Derek, he needed more.
UNK: Rebecca Dalton : Oh, my God, Michael. What did you do?
Castle : When you found out that Derek made
Beckett : an unauthorized withdrawal,
Beckett : you confronted him.
Beckett : But he knew that you couldn't go to the cops.
Beckett : So, he told you that he wanted out.
Beckett : You couldn't afford him exposing your fraud.
Beckett : So you followed him from his apartment
Beckett : and then killed him that night.
UNK: Michael Grant : I'm not saying another word.