UNK: So that do anything for you?
Chandler : You know what?
Ross : I'm gonna go out on a limb and say "No divorces in '99!"
UNK: But your divorce isn't final yet.
Ross : Just the one divorce in '99!
Ross : I am gonna be happy this year. I am gonna make myself happy.
Chandler : Do you want us to leave the room?
UNK: Every day I am gonna do one thing I have never done before.
UNK: That is my New Year's resolution.
Phoebe : That's a good one!
Phoebe : Mine is to pilot a commercial jet.
UNK: Now you only have to find a planeload of people...
UNK: ...whose resolution is to plummet to their deaths.
Monica : Maybe your resolution should be not to make fun of your friends.
UNK: Especially the ones who might fly you to Europe for free.
Monica : She has a better chance of flying up your nose...
Monica : ...than you do of not making fun of us.
UNK: I'll bet $50 you can't go the year without making fun of us.
Ross : Better yet, a week.
Chandler : I'll take that bet, my friend.
UNK: Paying me the $50 can be...
UNK: ...the "new thing you do" that day.
Chandler : And it starts right now!
Joey : My New Year's resolution is to learn how to play guitar.
Phoebe : Really? How come?
UNK: You know those special skills I have listed on my resume?
Joey : I would love it if one of those was true.
Phoebe : Want me to teach you? I'm great.
UNK: Really? Who have you taught?
UNK: Well, I taught me. And I loved me.
Joey : That'd be great! Yeah, thanks, Phoebe.
UNK: My resolution is to be less obsessed with being neat and clean.
UNK: Really?
UNK: Or something else.
UNK: Look. Blaire forgot her glasses.
UNK: She'll need these to keep an eye on that boyfriend.
UNK: Who, from what I hear, needs to keep his stapler...
Rachel : ...in his desk drawer, if you know what I mean!
Phoebe : Maybe your resolution should be to gossip less.
UNK: What? I don't gossip.
Rachel : Maybe sometimes I find out things.
Rachel : Or I hear something and I pass that information on.
UNK: You know, kind of like a public service.
Rachel : It doesn't mean I'm a gossip. Is Ted Koppel a gossip?
UNK: If Ted Koppel talked about his coworkers' botched boob jobs, I would.
Rachel : They were like this!
UNK: Fine, my New Year's resolution will be not to gossip.
UNK: -It's easy. -Easy? You have never kept a resolution.
UNK: -Yes, I have. -Okay, let's see how you did last year.
UNK: No. No. Not my diary. You cannot read my diary.
UNK: "Dear diary : I'm so excited.
UNK: My resolution is to write in you every day. See you tomorrow."
UNK: Nothing.
UNK: You know, not a lot happened last year.
UNK: All right, I will prove to you that I can keep it this time. No more gossiping.
UNK: I hate gossip. In junior high this girl said a lot of mean stuff about me...
UNK: ...and I set her bike on fire.
UNK: -Wow, what did she say about you? -She said I was crazy.
UNK: But I guess she got hers.