UNK: Richard Castle : Oh, my God! Ice cream?
UNK: Richard Castle : Are you trying to kill me?
UNK: Alexis Castle : At least you'll die happy.
UNK: Kate? Mmm!
UNK: Kate Beckett : Oh, no, thanks. I couldn't.
UNK: Kate Beckett : Not after this amazing meal that you guys just stuffed us with.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : Oh, darling, I'm sorry, dessert is not optional.
UNK: Martha Rodgers : Not after I traipsed all over town to find Richard his favorite flavor of ice cream.
Castle : Potato chip fudge?
UNK: Yes!
Castle : Beckett, dig deep.
UNK: Come on, you would not quit at mile 25 of a marathon.
Beckett : You know what? Why don't we take a break and you and I do dishes?
UNK: Oh, don't even think about it.
Alexis : Gram and I have it covered.
Beckett : You are not letting them do dishes after they just cooked.
Castle : They want to.
Beckett : You're seriously milking this whole
UNK: "I've been missing for two months" thing, aren't you?
Castle : They are glad to have me back.
Castle : And if fussing over me makes them happy, enjoy it.
Castle : Like you ought to be enjoying this
Castle : potato chip fudge ice cream sundae.
Castle : It's got that whole salty-sweet thing going on.
Castle : It's just... It's just like me.
UNK: Jeez.
UNK: Mmm!
UNK: I'll... I'll get it. Yeah. Mmm-hmm.
Castle : Beckett's phone.
Beckett : Look, I know that you've only been back for a few weeks,
Beckett : and we're all still trying to process it,
UNK: but I gotta say,
Beckett : Alexis waiting on you hand and foot, it's just, it's a little odd.
UNK: Hey, you know what's really odd?
Castle : Ice cream truck in the middle of nowhere.
Castle : There's no kids lining up to buy Bomb Pops around here.
Beckett : Yeah, this couldn't have been the driver's route.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : Not even close.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : I just got off the phone with the owner
UNK: Kevin Ryan : of the ice cream truck, Sergei Vetotchkin.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : The victim's his son, Anton, 22.
UNK: Kevin Ryan : They found him behind the wheel around 5 : 00 p.m.
Castle : Is nothing sacred?
Castle : I mean, who kills an ice cream man,
Castle : a symbol of childhood innocence?
Beckett : Maybe someone who wanted his money.
Ryan : Except that today's cash receipts were still in the van.
UNK: Lanie Parish : And whoever did this shot him at close range.
UNK: Lanie Parish : Two GSWs to the chest with powder burns.
UNK: Javier Esposito : We figure the shooter boarded the truck and shot Anton,
UNK: Javier Esposito : knocking him back into the shifter.
UNK: Javier Esposito : It went into first, and that's why the truck rolled here.
UNK: Javier Esposito : Killer probably bolted out the back.
Beckett : Anyone see it?
UNK: We got unis canvassing for witnesses,
Ryan : but it's not exactly an area where people hang out.
Beckett : And what about street cams?
Ryan : Coverage is spotty. We'll get really lucky if we get a hit.
Castle : What was this kid doing here in the first place?
UNK: Sergei Vetotchkin : I don't know why our son would be in that neighborhood.
UNK: Sergei Vetotchkin : That's not where we do business.
Beckett : Is it possible that he was involved in something
Beckett : that would take him down there? Something dangerous?
Sergei : No. Anton was a good boy. Never got in trouble.
Beckett : Were there any troubles on his route?
Beckett : Anything unusual going on in his life?
UNK: Mrs. Vetotchkin : He came home early from school.
Beckett : What school did he go to?
UNK: Mrs. Vetotchkin : He was taking night classes
UNK: Mrs. Vetotchkin : at the community college in the Bronx, for graphic design.
Sergei : Since he was a boy in Abkhazia, he loved to draw.
UNK: Mrs. Vetotchkin : But last night, he came back from class very upset,
UNK: Mrs. Vetotchkin : like something was wrong.
UNK: Natalie Barns : Yeah, there was definitely something wrong.
UNK: Natalie Barns : I'd never seen Anton like that before.
Ryan : Could you tell us what happened?
Natalie : Yeah. I'd given the class an assignment,
Natalie : and Anton was working at his station like everyone else,
Natalie : and all of a sudden he started shaking like he was terrified.
Esposito : Because of what?
UNK: Sergei Vetotchkin : I don't know. He ran out of the room.
Natalie : But I saw him later in the parking lot,
Natalie : getting into a car with some guy.
Esposito : What guy? Can you describe him?
Natalie : No, it was too dark.
UNK: But I do remember the car. It was bright green. An old Camry.
Esposito : Did you happen to get a license plate?
UNK: I... I got a three, an E and a K.
Ryan : You said this all started when he was at his station.
Ryan : Can we take a look at what he was working on?
Natalie : Um, yeah. I have to log you into the system.
Natalie : What the... His portfolio is gone
Natalie : and all of his projects have been deleted.
Ryan : Did Anton delete them? Why would he do that?
Natalie : I have no idea.
UNK: It's CSU. Ryan.
UNK: Ryan?
Ryan : Hey. CSU got us a lead.
Ryan : See how this cabinet door is open?
Ryan : Just like in these crime scene photos?
Beckett : Okay... So?
Ryan : So, when the cabinet door is closed...