Castle : Did you make this tea yourself?
UNK: Mmm-hmm. I have to say, it's excellent.
Beckett : Thank you. No, thank you.
Emily : Do you want some sugar?
Castle : Actually, I'm trying to cut back.
Castle : Do you have any low-calorie fairy dust?
UNK: Mmm-hmm. Thank you.
UNK: Perfect.
UNK: Mmm!
UNK: Delicious. Thank you very much.
Castle : And thank you for spending recess with me.
Emily : You're welcome. Do you want to build an ice palace?
Castle : It's only my favorite thing to do.
Castle : Here we go. Oh, they are nice.
Castle : You know, Emily, do you remember yesterday,
Castle : you said that something really bad happened.
UNK: Something...
Emily : You're making the wall too high.
Castle : Oh, sorry.
Castle : Is that better? All right.
Castle : You said it was something that you didn't want to tell Mrs. Ruiz about.
Castle : Do you think maybe you'd wanna tell me?
Castle : Okay. You know, you could, if you wanted.
Castle : It would just be one princess to another.
Emily : Because princesses help each other?
Emily : Because princesses help each other.
Emily : It's about Jason.
UNK: Jason... The kid who makes faces, Jason?
Emily : He's a bully. He says mean things and pulls my hair.
Emily : This morning, he stepped on my foot. On purpose.
Castle : Emily, do you know why people do mean things?
Castle : 'Cause it makes them feel strong.
Castle : Really, though, you and me, we're the strong ones.
Castle : We just keep our strength inside,
Castle : so sometimes we forget it's there.
Emily : Like sometimes I forget I have gum in my pocket.
UNK: Exactly.
Castle : So, next time Jason does something mean,
Castle : you just use that strength, and just let it go.
Castle : When he sees he can't upset you, he'll stop bothering you. Okay?
Emily : Can I go out and play now?
Castle : Of course. I'll take care of these dishes and finish the palace.
UNK: Mrs. Ruiz : Not her, huh?
Castle : Go ahead, gloat.
Castle : Maybe this was a dumb idea.
UNK: Mrs. Ruiz : Oh, it was.
UNK: Mrs. Ruiz : But that dumb idea got Emily to confide in you.
UNK: Mrs. Ruiz : You're earning their trust, Mr. Castle.
Castle : I guess I am, aren't I?
UNK: Mrs.ruiz : And if you got Emily to open up to you, then who knows?
UNK: Mrs.ruiz : Maybe that witness really will come forward.
UNK: Thank you... Leslie?
UNK: Mrs. Ruiz : Still Mrs. Ruiz. Right.
UNK: Oh, dear.
UNK: Please!
Jason : She punched me in the nose!
Emily : It was my inside strength. I let it go, like Mr. Castle said.
Jason : You told her to hit me?
Castle : What? No! Jason...
UNK: I'm gonna tell the principal!
UNK: I'm... That was...
UNK: Principal Silva : Mr. Castle, I'm sure that this is being blown out of proportion.
UNK: Principal Silva : But I'll be candid.
UNK: Jason's parents are two high-powered lawyers with a zest for litigation.
UNK: Principal Silva : We found out a while ago that it's best not to upset them.
Castle : So what are you saying?
UNK: Principal Silva : We gave this experiment a fair shot.
UNK: Principal Silva : But now we have to move on.
Castle : Principal Silva, please. I just need a little more time.
UNK: Principal Silva : I wish that I could believe that, Mr. Castle,
UNK: Principal Silva : but have you made any progress in identifying this supposed witness?
UNK: Principal Silva : Any progress at all?
Ryan : Nothing pops with these financials.
Ryan : If Anton and Jaffe were doing anything illegal with that P.O. box,
Ryan : they weren't making much money.
UNK: Clark Jaffe put in 30 years.
Beckett : He retired with commendations and a spotless service record.
Beckett : Why would someone like him break the law?
Ryan : I'm asking the same thing about Anton.
Ryan : What we really need is Castle's witness.
Esposito : Yo. Canvass got a hit.
Esposito : The owner of a bodega near that mailbox store
Esposito : said that Anton came in all desperate to use the phone.
Esposito : The guy let him make a call.
Beckett : To whom?
Esposito : To this guy, Dmitri Kalenkov.
Esposito : He emigrated to the U.S. in '03
Esposito : and is rumored to be an enforcer for the Bratva.
Beckett : Russian organized crime?
UNK: Oh, wait a minute.
Ryan : The guy who called asking about
Ryan : the P.O. box, wasn't he Russian, too?
Ryan : What if that was Dmitri and he's the one that took out Jaffe and Anton?
Beckett : Maybe they were involved in something illegal.
Beckett : And whatever it was stepped on Russian mob turf.