UNK: Except jerk face over there, he thinks that you're too scared,
Beckett : and that we should call your mom to come pick you up.
Jason : I'm not scared.
Beckett : Told ya.
Beckett : So, listen, I need you to tell me everything
Beckett : that you remember seeing while you were hiding in this ice cream truck.
UNK: I... I can't.
Castle : Jason, believe me,
UNK: it's gonna feel a lot better letting it out rather than keeping it in.
Jason : No! I can't because I wasn't there!
Beckett : You weren't?
Jason : But I know who was.
UNK: Who?
Jason : I'm not supposed to tell.
Beckett : Jason, listen, we just wanna help you, okay?
Jason : It was my sister.
Beckett : Okay. Does she go to this school, too?
UNK: She's a grownup.
Jason : We have different dads.
Jason : I stay with her when our mom goes out of town.
Castle : So you gave her your permission slip that day.
Jason : She dropped me off,
Jason : then she said she had to meet her friend, the ice cream man.
Jason : When she came home, she was crying.
Jason : She told me never to tell anyone where she went,
Jason : or something bad would happen.
Beckett : What's your sister's name?
Esposito : Natalie Barnes.
UNK: We're gonna need you to come with us.
Natalie : I was never in Anton's truck.
Beckett : I know that you were, Natalie.
Beckett : Listen, whatever you are scared of, I will protect you,
Beckett : but you have to tell me the truth.
Beckett : And you have to start with those passports that you helped Anton forge.
Beckett : So you were involved.
Natalie : We were just trying to do something good.
UNK: Who do you mean by "we"? You, Anton and Jaffe?
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : Tell me about the passports.
Ryan : Anton's route covered Brighton Beach,
UNK: and there were a lot of Russians there.
Natalie : And he'd seen so many of them come here with the promise of a job,
Natalie : and then their papers would be taken,
Natalie : and they'd be forced to work in sweatshops, or worse.
Natalie : And Anton was trying to get them back home.
Beckett : Which they couldn't do, not without the right documents.
UNK: Yeah.
Beckett : And how did Jaffe fit into all of this?
Natalie : Anton heard that Jaffe had a connection
Natalie : that could get blank passports,
Natalie : and Jaffe worked Brighton Beach as a cop,
Natalie : so he knew what was going on,
Natalie : and he was sympathetic to the immigrants.
Beckett : And you were the one with the high-tech design software.
Beckett : That's why Anton took your class.
Natalie : When I found out what Anton was doing, I decided to help,
UNK: 'cause I wanted to make a difference.
Beckett : I don't understand how this got anyone killed.
Natalie : The other night, Anton was making a passport in class,
Natalie : and he saw the photo of the client and he recognized the man.
UNK: It was this terrible man from his past.
UNK: Who?
Natalie : Anton called him Polkovnik.
Natalie : Anton was terrified of him,
UNK: he said this Polkovnik once tried to kill him.
UNK: But Anton said that he had to show the picture to a friend of his
Natalie : just to be sure.
Natalie : Some guy called Dmitri.
Beckett : Natalie, what did you see in that van?
Natalie : Anton had left a message for me
UNK: to meet him at his ice cream truck,
Natalie : away from his usual route.
Natalie : And when I got there, he said that Jaffe was dead,
Natalie : and that this man had killed him
Natalie : and that he was afraid that we would be next if we didn't run.
UNK: And then Anton saw him coming. So he told me to hide.
Natalie : And I watched.
Natalie : I watched as Polkovnik gunned Anton down.
UNK: Did you see his face?
Esposito : Can you describe him?
Natalie : Yeah, I can do better.
UNK: Wait a second. You're saying she's got a picture of Polkovnik?
Beckett : Yeah, in an envelope at her apartment,
Beckett : along with other information on him.
UNK: Why?
Ryan : Because we looked into this guy, Polkovnik.
UNK: Suffice to say, he's wanted for a lot more than just three murders.
Beckett : Here in New York?
UNK: No, in the Abkhazia region of Georgia, 10 years ago.
Ryan : He's wanted by the World Court for war crimes.
Esposito : He was a militia leader.
Esposito : Committed atrocities, wiped out villages,
Esposito : including where Anton and Dmitri lived.
Esposito : That's why they fled. Interpol's been after this guy ever since.
UNK: They got a tip that Polkovnik was in New York,
Castle : so they're tightening the net.
UNK: Only one problem, there's no pictures of this guy.
Castle : So no one knows what he looks like.
Ryan : And he wants to keep it that way.
Ryan : So when Dmitri tried to take justice into his own hands,
Ryan : Polkovnik killed him.
Ryan : Then he tracked down Jaffe and Anton and killed them, too.
Ryan : He knew that they could ID him.
Beckett : That's what he was looking for,
Beckett : the picture that Anton was gonna use on his passport.
Castle : A passport that he desperately needs to get out of this country.
UNK: Okay, that photo is at Natalie's place. Let's go.
Beckett : He's been here.
Castle : Natalie said it was in the bedroom dresser, bottom right drawer.
UNK: Okay.
Castle : It's not here. He must have found it.
Beckett : It's not in the drawer, Natalie.
Natalie : The photo was in an envelope. I hid it in an old camera case.
Castle : Wait. Jason said he stayed here because his mom was out of town.
UNK: So?
UNK: Natalie, the camera case that you put the envelope in,
Castle : was it for a Polaroid camera?
Beckett : How do you know?
Castle : Because Jason brought it to Kennedy Elementary yesterday
UNK: for show-and-tell.
Castle : That photo is in Mrs. Ruiz's classroom right now.
Beckett : We get that photo, we'll get Polkovnik. Come on.
Esposito : The FBI's been notified. They have agents on their way,
Esposito : and their tactical units are sweeping the area around Natalie's apartment.
Beckett : Where are we on the APB?
Ryan : Ready to go. And the Feds want to get this on the evening news.
Ryan : All they need is that photo.
UNK: You'll have it in five.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Okay, which one is Jason's desk?
Castle : Right here.