Beckett : There's blood spatter on the door panel behind it.
Castle : Which means the door was closed when Anton was shot.
UNK: Yep. Now, see this smear of blood on the inside edge of the door.
Ryan : CSU said that this came from a finger.
Ryan : So somebody grabbed the door from the inside, pulling it open.
Castle : If someone was in there when Anton was shot...
Becket : They saw our killer.
Castle : A witness!
Ryan : Yeah, not only that, I think our witness might be a kid.
UNK: What?
Ryan : They left that on the inside of the cabinet.
Ryan : It's a permission slip for a class trip.
Ryan : No usable prints on it, but it does have today's date.
Castle : Kennedy Elementary.
UNK: That's less than a mile away.
Castle : Assuming an afternoon dismissal, Anton was shot at 5 : 00 p.m...
Beckett : Someone from that school was in this van when Anton was killed.
Castle : Someone from Mrs. Ruiz's second-grade class.
UNK: Principal Silva : I can't imagine it's one of Mrs. Ruiz's students.
UNK: Principal Silva : Why would they even be in that area alone?
Beckett : Well, we'll know more once our Youth Officer
UNK: is done talking to them.
Beckett : Now, what time did Mrs. Ruiz's class let out yesterday?
UNK: At 3 : 00 p.m.
UNK: Principal Silva : And each child was picked up by a parent or authorized guardian.
UNK: Okay, and I'm gonna need a list of all of their names
Beckett : so we can determine where they were at 5 : 00 p.m. Of course.
UNK: Detective Miranda Daniels : Detective Beckett? Mrs. Ruiz and I talked to all the students.
UNK: Detective Miranda Daniels : None of them seems to be your witness.
Castle : Except one of them has to be.
Beckett : You know, maybe we should talk to them again.
Daniels : If they're afraid to come forward, that's not gonna help.
UNK: Principal Silva : Or perhaps they didn't see anything.
UNK: Principal Silva : Either way, these children shouldn't be subjected to endless questions.
Beckett : No, I understand, but we have to find this witness.
UNK: In cases like this, a child is often more likely
UNK: to open up to somebody who's not an authority figure.
UNK: A classmate, a friend.
UNK: So, basically, we are looking for someone who won't intimidate them.
Beckett : An adult presence in the classroom
UNK: that eight-year-olds will view as a peer,
Beckett : someone that they can consider one of their own.
UNK: Principal Silva : Okay. But where would we find someone like that?
UNK: Got it. Easy.
Beckett : Thank you, Mrs. Ruiz, for letting Castle spend time in your classroom.
UNK: Mrs. Leslie Ruiz : I wasn't given much of a choice.
Beckett : Well, then we apologize for the imposition.
Beckett : But we do need to figure out who this witness is.
UNK: Mrs. Ruiz : And just how are you going to do that?
UNK: You know we spoke to all of them already, right?
Castle : Yes. But being 90% kid myself,
Castle : I have an ability to get into the minds of children.
Castle : And I have the perfect plan.
UNK: Mrs. Ruiz : Trust me, there is no such thing.
UNK: Mrs. Ruiz : Have you ever been in a room with 20 second-graders, Mr. Castle?
Castle : I appreciate your concern, Leslie. May I call you Leslie?
UNK: Mrs. Ruiz : Mrs. Ruiz is fine.
UNK: Excellent.
Castle : I'm sure I'm more than capable of handling
Castle : anything these little charmers can throw my way.
UNK: Hmm.
UNK: In this case, it's an eraser.
Beckett : Hey, what do you got?
Esposito : We chased down that partial plate that Anton's teacher gave us.
Esposito : That car she saw?
Esposito : Looks like it's registered to a retired cop
UNK: named Clark Jaffe.
Beckett : A cop?
Esposito : Yeah. Anton placed a call to him that night
UNK: from a pay phone outside the college.
Beckett : Okay, bring him in.
UNK: That's gonna be a problem.
Esposito : Jaffe's dead. Shot to death.
Beckett : He was shot too? When?
Esposito : Yesterday, about eight hours before Anton.
Esposito : And I ran ballistics. It's a match. It's the same shooter.
Beckett : Okay, I'm on my way.
Castle : Hey, everybody!
Castle : Attention, everyone! Hello... Attention!
UNK: Guys.