Sergei : I could not believe what I saw.
Sergei : When my wife and I got back from lunch,
Sergei : the door was kicked in and the place was torn apart.
Ryan : Do you have any idea what they were looking for?
Sergei : In Anton's room, the ceiling vent was pried open.
Sergei : And on the floor right below it,
Sergei : I found this.
UNK: Passports?
Ryan : They're blank.
Beckett : What was Anton doing with these?
Sergei : I've never seen them before today.
Sergei : What was my son involved in?
Ryan : He was studying graphic design.
Ryan : Do you think he was forging passports?
Beckett : Mr. Vetotchkin, I need to ask you, do you recognize this man?
Sergei : Yes. That's Dmitri. Dmitri Kalenkov.
Beckett : And how do you know him?
Sergei : He and my son grew up together back in Abkhazia during the war.
UNK: Is Dmitri involved in this, too?
Beckett : I'm sorry, just one moment.
UNK: Hey.
Castle : Beckett, you need to come down here. I found something.
Beckett : Castle, whoever put this in your pocket...
Castle : Is sending me a message.
Castle : Our witness is reluctant to come forward,
Castle : but when they saw I was leaving, it forced their hand.
Beckett : Have you tried just asking who drew it?
UNK: I don't wanna scare them off. But I have a plan.
UNK: Mrs. Ruiz : Okay, class, time for that extra recess period I promised you
UNK: Mrs. Ruiz : for being extra good today.
Emily : I'm Emily. Who are you?
Beckett : I'm Kate. I'm Mr. Castle's friend.
Emily : Do you like to play princess with him?
UNK: Uh...
UNK: Sometimes.
Emily : Are you two getting married?
UNK: One day. One day.
UNK: Now is our chance. I'll take the front, you guys take the back.
Beckett : Okay, so what are we looking for?
Castle : A drawing that looks like it could've been made by the same kid.
UNK: Yeah, but these are second-graders.
Beckett : I mean, don't their drawings look the same?
UNK: Mrs. Ruiz : Not to me, Detective.
UNK: Mrs. Ruiz : When you live and breathe these children,
UNK: Mrs. Ruiz : every scribble is like a fingerprint.
UNK: Can't imagine they'll need much prompting when we confront them.
Castle : This has clearly been eating away at their
Castle : delicate little psyches.
Castle : Given the chance to unburden themselves...
Castle : Found it.
UNK: All right, who's our sensitive little soul?
Jason : Hey! Mrs. Ruiz,
Jason : why are you going through my desk?
UNK: Jason?
Castle : You're the witness?
Jason : I'm not talking to Mr. Castle. He's a jerk face.
Castle : Okay, you know what? He's the jerk face!
Beckett : He's eight years old.
Beckett : You've been here for a day-and-a-half
Beckett : and you already have a nemesis?
Castle : How was I supposed to know he'd be the witness?
Beckett : Jason, honey,
Beckett : I want you to know that you're not in trouble, okay?
Jason : Duh! All I did was draw a picture.
UNK: Exactly.
UNK: But I know that you wanna tell me all about this picture.