Castle : Right, and then it's all,
Castle : "Come out, come out, wherever you are."
Ryan : Really? That's your De Niro?
Beckett : Get a current address and a list of known associates.
Beckett : I'd like to hear what Jessup has to say.
Jessup : Wait, wait! You got it all wrong.
UNK: Hey, come on. Police! Break it up!
Woman : Watch it! Take it outside.
Castle : Aren't you going to do something?
Beckett : Breaking up a bar fight is a sure way to get hit.
Beckett : Don't worry, it'll be over in a minute.
Castle : - You know, I was in a bar fight once. - Really? Who won?
UNK: Let me guess. Not you.
Beckett : You want to fight, Mr. Jessup? You can fight a murder charge.
Jessup : Hey, I'm sorry, man. I didn't mean to embarrass you
Jessup : in front of your girlfriend there.
Beckett : I'm not his girlfriend. I am a homicide detective.
Beckett : And you should be taking this a little bit more seriously.
Jessup : Hey, that guy in that bar, he started this whole thing, okay?
Jessup : He thought I was hitting on his girlfriend,
Jessup : and I was not hitting on his girlfriend. It was just a big misunderstanding.
Beckett : - Right. Just like the bank robbery. - Exactly.
Jessup : I had no idea my buddies were gonna rob that bank.
Jessup : No idea at all. They said their car broke down
Jessup : and they needed a ride, and I gave them a ride.
Castle : And that argument didn't sway Buckley?
Jessup : Can you believe it?
Jessup : He told my lawyer that the guard got shot,
Jessup : and therefore, in the eyes of the law, I was just as responsible
Jessup : as the guy who shot him.
Beckett : That must've made you angry.
Beckett : How'd you feel about the fact that Buckley was gonna retry your case
Beckett : and try to make you serve the final two years of your sentence?
Jessup : - Honestly, lady, I cried like a baby. - Huh.
Jessup : Prison is not fun, okay. I did not want to go back.
Jessup : I figured if I could just talk to Mr. Buckley,
Jessup : I could let him know where I'm coming from.
Beckett : Which is what you were doing at Buckley's building.
Jessup : Whoa, whoa. I followed the man around for a few days, okay.
Jessup : Just so I could get my courage up to talk to him.
Beckett : You were stalking Buckley?
Jessup : "Stalking" is a pretty damn ugly word. Let's not use "stalking," okay?
Jessup : I was just trying to feel the guy out, you know what I mean?
Jessup : Trying to convince him, you know.
UNK: In case you guys haven't noticed, I'm somewhat of a wordsmith, you know.
Jessup : A real master of, uh, you know, of...
UNK: Words?
Beckett : Where were you between 9 : 00 and 10 : 00 last night?
Jessup : I was sitting in the bar you guys just dragged me out of.
Beckett : Okay. Well, we're going to check into your alibi.
Beckett : In the meantime, you're going back into holding
Beckett : until we can process you for assault.
Jessup : Come on! I said I was sorry.
Castle : Wait, Buckley's mystery trip.
Castle : Were you following Buckley uptown yesterday morning?
Jessup : - Yeah, yeah, I was. - Where did he go?
Jessup : He met some Asian dude outside this real fancy apartment building.
Jessup : Then they started to argue with each other.
Jessup : You think maybe that's the guy who killed him?
Castle : Would you recognize the building if you saw it again?
Jessup : Oh, yeah. I get around.
Castle : Road trip.
Jessup : Hey, you guys mind if I take these things off?
Jessup : I'm starting to feel like a stereotype,
Jessup : riding around in the back of a police car wearing them.
Beckett : - Sure. Do you want my key? - No, I got it. Thanks.
Castle : How did you do that?
UNK: I've always been good with locks.
UNK: When I was in the joint, I was thinking,
UNK: "How can I take this and make it more productive?" you know.
UNK: So I've been applying to locksmith schools.
UNK: But, you know, they won't let me in on account that I'm a felon.
UNK: Can you believe that? Huh.
Beckett : Felon who wants to be a locksmith. What could possibly go wrong there?
Jessup : - You don't have to be mean about it. - Yeah, wow!
Jessup : To train to be a locksmith you got to listen,