Jessup : - left over right, right over left... - I think I made it tighter.
Beckett : Jessup, do you see the building?
Jessup : That's a negative.
Jessup : - Now bring it around... - Beckett.
UNK: Oh, hey, Alexis. Are you looking for your dad?
UNK: To me? Okay, what's up?
UNK: Yeah, yeah, we can meet at Sutton's around 7 : 30. Is that okay?
UNK: All right, I'll see you then.
Castle : Was that Alexis calling you? Why?
Beckett : - She needed my advice. - About what?
Beckett : I don't know. It's probably no big deal.
Castle : When you kept secrets from your father, was it not a big deal?
Beckett : You know, I'm not even going to ask.
Jessup : That's the building on the right hand side. Right there.
Jessup : - Okay. - Let's go get 'em.
Beckett : Not you. Us.
Beckett : Apartment 801? Okay. Thanks.
Beckett : So it turns out that the building's only Asian tenant is Paul Cho,
UNK: who just happens to be Buckley's ex-brother-in-law.
Castle : Maybe Buckley's bitter divorce caused enough hard feelings
Castle : that things turned violent.
UNK: Paul Cho : I don't understand. I haven't seen Jack in months.
UNK: Paul Cho : Not since he divorced my sister.
Beckett : Really? Because I have an eyewitness
Beckett : who saw the two of you arguing yesterday morning.
Beckett : - So, that means you're lying to me. - She hates being lied to.
UNK: Paul Cho : - I don't know what you're talking about. - Great. Let's go down to the precinct.
Beckett : I'll arrange a perp walk and you can put on a show for the cameras.
Castle : - Love a good perp walk. - Wait, wait, wait, wait.
UNK: Paul Cho : The night before last, I was attacked by a man in a ski mask.
UNK: Paul Cho : He warned me to tell Buckley to back off Danton
UNK: Paul Cho : - or he would ruin me. - Who's Danton?
UNK: John Knox : I don't know, but Jack definitely knew him.
UNK: Paul Cho : He said he wasn't going to let him get away with this.
UNK: Paul Cho : That's why we were fighting. I told Jack to listen for once in his life.
UNK: Paul Cho : - He had to protect me. - From what?
UNK: Paul Cho : - That's none of your business. - Perp walk it is.
UNK: All right, all right.
UNK: Paul Cho : I have a slight fondness for girls.
Castle : Young girls?
Castle : Fat girls?
Castle : School girls?
UNK: Paul Cho : Call girls.
Beckett : Who else knows about this fondness?
UNK: Paul Cho : - Just the girls. - Actually, the girls and their pimp.
Beckett : Whose name is probably Danton.
UNK: Paul Cho : Oh, okay, fine. But I wasn't really lying. I... I've actually never met Danton.
UNK: Paul Cho : I got the phone number for the agency from a friend.
UNK: Paul Cho : I call it and they send over a girl.
Castle : So, Buckley is investigating Danton's call-girl ring.
UNK: When Danton discovers that Buckley's brother-in-law is a client,
Castle : he sends a message, "Back off, or your family gets hurt."
Beckett : And then, when Buckley doesn't back down, Danton kills him.
Castle : - So, how do we find Danton? - We talk to one of the call girls.
Beckett : Call that number and tell him to bring one of his girls over.
Castle : And tell her to wear something sexy. No reason we can't enjoy this interview.
UNK: Scarlett Price : Hey, Paul. Couldn't wait to see me, huh?
Beckett : Actually, I'm the one who asked for the date.