Castle : Can't exactly take out an ad on craigslist for that.
Castle : But fortunately enough,
Castle : he has a big stack of qualified candidates sitting right on his desk.
Beckett : Which is where he found John Knox.
Beckett : A criminal who mostly managed to stay out of prison.
Castle : - Which makes him a smart criminal. - Yeah.
Castle : Buckley offers him a deal.
Castle : "Come work for me, I'll throw your case."
Castle : - And Knox does. - Mmm-hmm.
Castle : For a while, everyone's happy. But then Knox decides
Castle : he's not happy being number two anymore.
Castle : He takes Buckley's client list, tells Buckley to take a hike.
Beckett : Knowing that Buckley can't do anything about it without risking exposure.
UNK: Mmm-hmm. But Buckley's never backed down from a fight in his life.
Castle : He gets the cops to drag Knox down to his office to remind him who's boss.
Beckett : But Knox took it up a notch,
Beckett : sending a warning shot across Buckley's bow
Castle : by threatening his brother-in-law.
Castle : And when Buckley wouldn't back down,
Castle : Knox threw him off the roof of a parking garage.
Beckett : Jeez, if only we had some proof.
Castle : Who needs proof? What a great story. Of course, Knox has an alibi.
Beckett : You know, maybe you're right. Maybe Knox is smart.
Beckett : Maybe he sent someone else.
Castle : Oh, I like the twist.
Castle : The enforcer has an enforcer! But who?
UNK: John Knox : I'll talk to you guys later, okay?
Castle : - Hi. Remember us? - I definitely remember you.
Beckett : - We need to ask you a few questions. - I already answered your questions.
Castle : - Maybe you didn't see the badge. - Oh, I saw it.
UNK: You ladies ready? Excellent. You two have a nice evening.
UNK: I'm hungry. What do you guys feel like...
Castle : - Aren't you going to stop him? - I can't.
Beckett : Unless we arrest him, the law says that he doesn't have to talk to us.
Beckett : - And he knows that. - So arrest him.
Beckett : On what grounds?
Beckett : We promised Scarlett that we'd keep her out of it.
Beckett : So, unless we get some evidence, he's getting away with this.
Castle : Scarlett? You're hurt.
UNK: Scarlett Price : I didn't know where else to go.
Castle : Come, sit down.
UNK: - You should go to a hospital. - It's just a few bruises. I'll be fine.
Castle : How did you find me?
UNK: Scarlett Price : A client in the publishing business gave me your address.
UNK: - Dinner for one? - Yeah. My family is at the theater.
UNK: Good.
UNK: Scarlett Price : I wouldn't want anyone else to see me like this.
Castle : Did Knox do this to you?
UNK: Scarlett Price : - It doesn't matter. - Of course it does.
Castle : You think that by protecting him you're saving yourself somehow?
Castle : Because you're not.
Castle : And if you don't get out from under his thumb now,
Castle : you never will.
UNK: Scarlett Price : Why are you so nice to me?
Castle : How do you know I'm not this nice to all the beautiful women
Castle : I find on my doorstep?
UNK: Scarlett Price : You really think I'm beautiful?
Castle : Look, maybe we should...
Alexis : - I'm sorry. - No.
UNK: Scarlett Price : - I shouldn't have done that. - It's okay, it's...
Castle : You're hurt and you're scared.
Castle : But you don't have to be that person with me.
Castle : You're safe here.
UNK: Scarlett Price : - Knox killed Buckley. - No. No. He has an alibi.
Castle : The Reverend.
UNK: Scarlett Price : Knox made me take it. Reverend Daniel is a client.
UNK: Scarlett Price : Knox is blackmailing him into saying they were together
UNK: Scarlett Price : when Buckley was killed.
Beckett : Thank you.
Castle : Now I'm taking you to a hospital. No arguments.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Act One [00 : - Hey. - I'm thinking Knox killed Buckley.
Castle : - Knox has an alibi. - Mmm. Does he?
Castle : Reverend Alibi, in the flesh. Lots of flesh,
Castle : too much flesh.
Beckett : - Where did you get this? - Scarlett Price.
Beckett : - You saw her without me? - Well, yes.
Beckett : She's a person of interest in our investigation.
Beckett : Our murder investigation.
Castle : - No, I know. - Where did you see her?
Castle : - Uh, my apartment. - What?
Castle : When I came home last night,
Castle : she was in my hall, and somebody had beaten her up.