Nicole : Took him right into Mr. Buckley's office, and then waited outside.
UNK: Scarlett Price : We heard them yelling through the door,
UNK: Scarlett Price : and then the officer took him away.
Castle : - That kind of thing happen a lot? - Never.
Beckett : - Do you remember the officer's name? - Yeah. Frank... Frank... Frank Curtis.
Beckett : Curtis doesn't remember why Buckley asked him to bring the guy in,
Beckett : but he does remember his name. John Knox.
Beckett : Dozens of priors. Uniforms are bringing him in.
Castle : I'm guessing this guy isn't exactly an altar boy.
Beckett : You think? Come on, let's go.
UNK: John Knox : Can we cut to the chase?
Beckett : Two days ago, you had an argument with Buckley in his office.
Beckett : Last night, we found him dead, so you can understand our interest.
UNK: John Knox : Sure. But you're wasting your time. I didn't kill the guy.
UNK: Really?
Beckett : Because it says here that you have quite a history of trying to kill people.
Beckett : Three in the last two years. Or am I missing any?
UNK: John Knox : - I was never convicted of anything. - That's not exactly a denial.
Castle : Do you work out? You know, bench press? Dead lift?
Castle : Must take a lot of upper-body strength to throw a guy off a roof.
UNK: John Knox : - Who is this guy? - What did you and Buckley fight about?
UNK: John Knox : Look, he had it out for me
UNK: John Knox : because he put me on trial for an assault I didn't commit and he lost.
UNK: John Knox : And rather than being a man about it, he decided to rattle my cage,
UNK: John Knox : to show me who was the alpha male.
UNK: John Knox : So, yeah, it was annoying and childish, but not something you kill a guy over.
UNK: John Knox : Especially a DA.
UNK: John Knox : Now, I may be a criminal, but I'm not stupid.
Beckett : Do you have an alibi for Buckley's murder?
UNK: John Knox : - I don't know. What time was he killed? - 9 : 30 p.m.
UNK: John Knox : - I was at an AA meeting. - Anonymous. That's cute.
UNK: John Knox : You don't believe me?
UNK: Mmm.
UNK: John Knox : Well, then maybe you'll believe my sponsor.
UNK: John Knox : Reverend Daniel Miller.
Castle : Did you say "Reverend"?
Ryan : Alibi looks solid.
Ryan : Castle and Beckett are interviewing the good Reverend right now.
Montgomery : - What about forensics? - Looks like a bust.
Ryan : But I did find something interesting
Ryan : when I checked into Buckley's MetroCard history.
Ryan : His card only made two swipes a day for the whole month.
UNK: 6 : 00 a.m. At the subway by his apartment, 8 : 00 p.m. By his office.
Montgomery : Buckley lived for the job, especially after the divorce.
Montgomery : Probably trying to lose himself in the work.
Ryan : On the day he was killed, Buckley did something unusual.
Ryan : He made an extra trip up to West 77th Street before he went to work.
Ryan : - His secretary has no idea why. - See if you can find out.
Esposito : Yo, Cap, looks like somebody was following our boy Buckley.
Esposito : The doorman in his apartment said that a guy came in there two days ago
Esposito : demanding to talk to Buckley. Wouldn't take no for an answer.
Esposito : Doorman practically had to throw the guy out.
Esposito : Then, on the morning of Buckley's murder,
Esposito : the doorman swears that he saw the same guy
Esposito : hanging around outside the building.
Esposito : I snagged a photo off the video surveillance.
Montgomery : Start looking through some mug-shot books.
Beckett : - Thank you, Reverend. - Pleasure meeting you. Thanks.
Beckett : Is this for our case?
Esposito : Yeah, the guy who tried to hassle Buckley at his building.
Castle : Wait a second. I know this guy.
UNK: Right here.
UNK: Right here. His name is Norman Jessup.
UNK: Buckley got him four years ago on a bank robbery where a guard got shot.
UNK: See, I told you this file would solve this case.
Esposito : Says here, he got out two weeks ago when his conviction was overturned,
Esposito : by the appellate court on a technicality.
Beckett : That sounds like a reason for Jessup to celebrate, not to kill Buckley.
Esposito : Yeah, except Buckley already filed an Intent to Retry.
Esposito : Jessup was looking at another two years in jail if Buckley won.
Ryan : Well, that might have made Jessup a little mad.