Castle : When did you put the surveillance car on Knox?
Beckett : - Right after we left the bar. - And they followed him all night?
UNK: Yeah. He got home around 2 : 00 a.m.
Castle : Then how could he have beaten up Scarlett?
Jessup : You guys do know that the deadbolt wasn't set on this lock
Jessup : when you guys kicked it in, right?
Man : - What? - See.
Jessup : If it would've been, this whole frame would've been destroyed.
Castle : Locking the door. That's hostage-taking 101.
Beckett : - Unless Scarlett wasn't a hostage. - She was in on it from the start.
Beckett : Buckley didn't set her up in his office out of the goodness of his heart.
Beckett : He needed somebody working there to man the call girl business.
Castle : Not realizing that he was giving Scarlett full access
Castle : to every facet of his organization.
Beckett : Knox didn't steal the client list, Scarlett gave it to him
UNK: so that the two of them could go into business together.
Castle : And when Buckley wouldn't walk away, Knox killed him.
Castle : Never thinking we'd find out about the call girl ring.
Beckett : And then, when we did, Scarlett realized that the only way
Beckett : to save herself was by giving up Knox by playing the ultimate victim.
Beckett : Making you believe that Knox beat her up
Beckett : so that we'd think she killed him out of self-defense.
Castle : - And I fell for it. - We all did.
UNK: John Knox : I didn't.
UNK: Hi, how can I make you happy today?
UNK: Yes, Candy is absolutely available. How would you like her to look?
UNK: Girl next door sounds perfect. Can you confirm your client code?
UNK: And your card information is the same?
UNK: Great. Candy will see you at 7 : 00.
UNK: Well, you've certainly come to the right place.
UNK: Can you describe her?
UNK: Castle, how did you get this number?
UNK: I'm sorry if I disappointed you.
UNK: I just needed to take a few more jobs to set myself up.
Castle : you don't even realize that you're the one trapped inside.
Castle : All alone.
Ryan : Would you stand up, please?
Ryan : You have the right to remain silent.
Ryan : Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law.
Ryan : You have the right to an attorney.
Castle : - Thanks. - For what?
Castle : For not saying "I told you so."
UNK: Oh, that starts tomorrow.
Castle : - What was that for? - For being the best dad ever.
Castle : It's true, you know. I have the novelty mug to prove it.
UNK: Mmm.
Alexis : Thanks for trusting me.
Alexis : For not pushing when you knew I was working something out.
Castle : Well, I knew when you were ready you would tell me.
Alexis : So, here it is.
Alexis : My school is starting a foreign exchange program to France.
Alexis : - France? - Yeah.
Castle : - You weren't kicked out of school? - No.
Alexis : No, the program lasts three weeks and so I'd miss your birthday.
Alexis : And I knew that Beckett had spent a semester abroad in college
Alexis : and I wanted to ask her if the experience was worth it.
Castle : And what did she say?
Alexis : She said that I'd be going off to college in a couple years
Alexis : and that everything was going to change.
Alexis : And maybe it'd be good if we got a taste of that change now.
Castle : - Well, she is a smart woman. - Yeah, she is.
Alexis : But I decided not to go anyway.
Alexis : Because two years will be here soon enough.
Alexis : And I already got you your present and I wanna watch you open it.
Castle : - I say we celebrate with ice cream. - We'd be fools not to.
Castle : - Serve me. - Chocolate or vanilla?
Castle : Duh. Chocolate.
Alexis : Oh, and while we're eating, we can talk about colleges.
Alexis : I picked up a couple brochures at the guidance office,
Alexis : and you know what looks really cool?
Man : - What? - Oxford.
Castle : Oxford? You know... You know that's in England, right?
UNK: Yeah.