Martha : I know. And I couldn't be prouder, but this is real life.
Martha : And obviously, Alexis looks up to Beckett,
Martha : and Beckett's smart and strong and independent.
Castle : - So are you. - That's sweet.
Martha : I'm on the wrong side of 40 for what Alexis is going through right now.
Castle : - Forty? - Deflect all you want, kiddo,
Martha : but I recognize the fear in your eyes.
Martha : You're afraid Alexis has more Rick Castle in her than you thought.
Castle : Hey, sweetie! How did your talk with Beckett go?
Alexis : - Fine. She's really nice. - Yeah, she is.
Castle : You know, sweetheart, if you don't want to tell me
Castle : what you talked about with Beckett, you don't have to.
Alexis : Okay. Thanks, Dad.
Martha : What is the matter with you? Why didn't you just ask her?
Castle : Because that would be prying. And cool dads don't do that.
Castle : They go behind their daughter's back and they beg Beckett to tell them.
Ryan : Did you ever have any cases with Buckley?
Esposito : A few. Guy was wound a little tight if you ask me.
Esposito : Saw himself as a crusader for justice.
UNK: Gil Mazzara : Yo, Esposito.
Esposito : - Gil Mazzara. What's up man? - How're you doing?
Esposito : So, you're still looking at dirty pictures up in Vice?
UNK: Gil Mazzara : Yeah, tell your mom to send over some new ones.
UNK: Gil Mazzara : The ones I got are getting old.
Esposito : - You know my partner, Ryan. - Hey.
UNK: Gil Mazarra : Yeah. Honey-milk. Nice to see you.
UNK: Gil Mazarra : So, I hear you're looking to talk about Danton?
Esposito : - Yeah. You know him? - Yeah. I arrested him five years ago.
UNK: Gil Mazzara : Real name's Dan Tonelli.
UNK: Paul Cho : - Dan-ton. - Yeah.
UNK: Gil Mazzara : He's currently serving a seven-year stretch in Green Haven Correctional.
Ryan : - Wait a minute. He's still in prison? - And your boy Buckley put him there.
Esposito : - Buckley prosecuted Danton? - Yeah.
UNK: Gil Mazzara : And he was all over us to make a rock-solid case.
UNK: Gil Mazzara : We gave Buckley enough to put the guy away for 20 years.
Ryan : Could Tonelli still be running the operation out of prison?
UNK: Gil Mazzara : Nah. These call girl rings are like franchises.
UNK: Gil Mazzara : The business changes hands, but the name stays the same.
Esposito : - So, who's the new Danton? - I wish I knew. Guy's like a ghost.
UNK: Gil Mazzara : Every time we think we're getting close, he disappears.
UNK: Gil Mazzara : Five warrants in the last year and every time we show up,
UNK: Gil Mazzara : the place has been cleared out like he knew we were coming.
UNK: You call the prison, get them to bring Tonelli over here.
Castle : Hey, you guys seen Beckett?
Esposito : She went with the captain to update City Hall on the case.
Esposito : She'll be here in a minute.
Ryan : - Something wrong? - No. Yes.
Castle : I think my daughter might be keeping something from me.
Ryan : - Maybe she got kicked out of school. - What?
Esposito : - Or she's doing drugs. Mmm-hmm.
Ryan : - Teen pregnancy is on the rise. - Whoa.
UNK: All right, you've met my daughter.
Castle : You know that she is the closest thing to perfect as humanly possible.
UNK: Castle, come on. You've been with us long enough to know
UNK: that people are never who you think they are.
UNK: Isn't it possible your perfect daughter isn't as perfect as you think?
Beckett : Is Danton here yet? - Yeah. Interrogation Room one.
Castle : - Wait? Danton? - Come on, Castle. Keep up.
Beckett : We brought you in here to talk about Danton.
UNK: Dan Tonelli : Ancient history.
Castle : Says here Buckley made a plea deal with you. Seven years instead of 20.
Castle : But I heard Buckley doesn't make deals.
UNK: Dan Tonelli : What could I say, I got lucky.
Beckett : The only reason that Buckley would agree to a deal
Beckett : is because you brought him something big in return.
Beckett : So, what was it?
UNK: - Why don't you ask him? - Because he's dead.
UNK: Dan Tonelli : - What? How? - He was murdered two nights ago.
Beckett : We believe that the same person who took over your operations killed him.
Beckett : What's so funny?
UNK: Dan Tonelli : Well, you see, that would make it a suicide.
UNK: Suicide?
Beckett : Wait a minute. You're saying that Jack Buckley was the new Danton?
UNK: Buckley made me a deal.
UNK: I provide him with my client list, my girls,
UNK: he knocks 13 years off my sentence. It was a no-brainer.
UNK: Our DA was a pimp.
Castle : Jack Buckley was Danton. That's why all Vice's warrants failed.
Castle : They had to go through the DA's office and Buckley saw them coming.
Castle : He was in the perfect position to protect his operation.