Beckett : But why would a respected prosecutor become a pimp?
Castle : - The outfits? It was the money.
Esposito : Buckley's ex-wife took him to the cleaners.
Esposito : Between alimony and his own bills, Buckley was beyond broke.
Castle : You know, I'm betting it was more than just the money.
Castle : Everybody's talking about how great Jack Buckley was.
Castle : How he was the law. You start thinking like that,
Castle : sometimes you can start thinking maybe you are above the law.
Castle : That you can get away with anything.
Beckett : Sir, how did the mayor handle the news?
Montgomery : You don't want to know.
Beckett : Okay, this doesn't make any sense.
Beckett : If Buckley was the new Danton,
Beckett : then why would the masked man tell Buckley to back off of Danton?
Beckett : Buckley wouldn't threaten himself.
Beckett : Unless Buckley wasn't the boss anymore.
Montgomery : - A hostile takeover. - Of course.
Castle : We know Danton was just a business name.
Castle : So, "Back off of Danton" was the new boss telling the old boss,
Castle : "Don't resist the takeover, or I'll start ruining reputations."
Montgomery : Makes sense in theory, but how do you prove it?
Beckett : We talk to the call girl.
Beckett : There is no way that Scarlett didn't know that Buckley was in charge.
Castle : No, seriously. What did Alexis tell you last night?
Beckett : I promised I wouldn't say.
Castle : Well, at least... At least tell me if it was bad.
Beckett : And put you out of your misery?
UNK: We're looking for Scarlett.
Nicole : She's packing her things. We can't have call girls working here.
Castle : - No, only pimps. Detective.
Beckett : Could you give us a moment, please?
UNK: Scarlett, you lied to us. Buckley was running the call girl ring,
UNK: and there's no way that you didn't know.
UNK: Scarlett Price : Please. I had to lie.
UNK: Scarlett Price : He'd kill me if he thought I told you anything.
Castle : Who'd kill you? The new Danton?
Beckett : Someone took over Buckley's business. Who was it?
Beckett : Answer me.
UNK: Scarlett Price : He used to work for Buckley.
UNK: Scarlett Price : He made sure no one hurt the girls and everyone paid.
Beckett : - What was his name? - I can't tell you that.
Beckett : Scarlett, I'm done playing. You've done nothing but lie to us.
Beckett : Don't think that I'm not gonna send you away
Beckett : for obstruction of justice and anything else that I can think of.
UNK: Scarlett Price : - He'll kill me. - We won't let that happen.
Castle : Detective Beckett can help you, but you have to help us first.
UNK: Scarlett Price : And then what happens to me? You think I'm gonna be a lawyer now?
UNK: Scarlett Price : Jack was going to write me a letter of recommendation,
UNK: Scarlett Price : pull some strings to get me a job. Who's going to help me now?
Castle : Honestly? No one.
Castle : You're gonna have to do it by yourself, Scarlett,
Castle : and I got a feeling that you can. Tell us who the new boss is,
Castle : and Detective Beckett will make sure no one knows
Castle : it was you who talked to us.
UNK: Scarlett Price : You promise?
UNK: Yes.
UNK: Scarlett Price : - His name is John Knox. - Knox? But that's...
Beckett : The guy that Buckley dragged in here in handcuffs.
Beckett : How does a prosecutor get into business with a criminal?
Castle : Well, it's hard out there for a pimp who's also a DA.
Castle : Ooh, that'd be a good character for a novel.
UNK: Hmm.
Castle : A star prosecutor who's always excelled at anything he's ever done.
Castle : He couldn't possibly imagine that being a pimp
Castle : would be a bigger job than he could handle by himself.
Castle : But one day he gets a call,
Beckett : one of his girls has been knocked around by a client.
Castle : He realizes there's nothing he can do about it,
Castle : - he's a very public figure. - Mmm-hmm.
Castle : So, a white collar prosecutor decides to hire a blue collared enforcer.