Castle : Isn't that the girl from Buckley's office? Did she look like that before?
Castle : So, how exactly does a call girl end up working for Jack Buckley, Super DA?
UNK: Scarlett Price : Am I under arrest?
UNK: John Knox : You will be if you don't answer the question.
UNK: Scarlett Price : Jack was a client.
Beckett : I... I'm sorry, Scarlett, I don't believe that.
UNK: Scarlett Price : I started seeing him about a year ago.
UNK: Scarlett Price : He hadn't been with anyone since his divorce.
UNK: He was just Ionely, you know?
UNK: Scarlett Price : We'd spend most of his dates talking.
UNK: Scarlett Price : He'd take me to fancy restaurants,
UNK: Scarlett Price : even though I told him he didn't have to.
UNK: Scarlett Price : But I think he wanted to make it feel as normal as possible.
UNK: Scarlett Price : Then one night he saw a law book in my bag.
UNK: Scarlett Price : I told him I was only working as an escort
UNK: Scarlett Price : to pay my way through law school.
UNK: Scarlett Price : A few months later, he said he had an internship opening up in his office.
UNK: Scarlett Price : Would I be interested?
Beckett : He wanted to help you escape the life?
Beckett : - Who's Danton? - I don't know.
Beckett : - Don't lie to us, Scarlett. - I'm not.
UNK: Scarlett Price : I know he runs the business, but I've never met him.
UNK: Scarlett Price : It's not like I'm a street walker and he's in a fedora and a long fur coat.
UNK: Scarlett Price : He's organized the entire operation to protect his identity.
UNK: Scarlett Price : The girls are independent contractors.
UNK: Scarlett Price : The clients are all given numbers so we don't know their last names.
UNK: Scarlett Price : They pay the business by credit card,
UNK: Scarlett Price : and our fees get deposited directly into our bank accounts.
Castle : Creating the perfect firewall between the girls and the management.
Beckett : So, then when we arrest you, you can't give up Danton.
UNK: Scarlett Price : Because I don't know who he is.
Montgomery : I can't believe Jack Buckley was seeing prostitutes.
Beckett : Yeah, well, he worked 14 hours a day. Didn't have a social life.
Beckett : Maybe he just wanted a little easy company.
Castle : Well, the math just doesn't add up, though.
Castle : Buckley was warned to back off Danton.
Castle : Why would Buckley be investigating a call girl service he was using?
Beckett : Maybe Danton tried to blackmail Buckley and it backfired.
Castle : So, then Danton tried to scare Buckley by threatening his brother-in-law.
Castle : And then when that didn't work, Danton killed Buckley.
UNK: All right. Let's find out everything we can about this Danton character.
Montgomery : Have Ryan and Esposito reach out to Vice in the morning.
Beckett : Yes, sir.
UNK: Castle, I need you to sign these charges against Jessup,
UNK: so I can send him downtown.
UNK: What?
UNK: No. Don't tell me you've got a soft spot for this guy.
Castle : He's a wordsmith.
UNK: Paul Cho : Okay, fine.
UNK: Hi, it's Beckett.
UNK: Charges are being dropped against Jessup. Process him out.
UNK: All right, thank you.
UNK: I hope the two of you are very happy together.
Castle : - Are you okay? - No. I broke a heel.
Castle : Let me guess. They were your favorite pair.
Castle : Passed through your family for generations.
Castle : I knew it.
Castle : So what's a nice girl like you...
UNK: Scarlett Price : - Really? That's your line? - I'm old-fashioned.
UNK: Scarlett Price : I came to New York in this ancient blue Beetle.
UNK: Scarlett Price : The floor was so rusted, it literally sagged in the middle.
UNK: Scarlett Price : But I can still remember coming over the bridge,
UNK: Scarlett Price : and seeing the city right there in front of me.
UNK: Scarlett Price : I thought everything was going to be perfect.
Castle : Something tells me this story takes a turn for the worse.
UNK: Scarlett Price : The first night, somebody broke into my car
UNK: Scarlett Price : and stole all my stuff.
UNK: Scarlett Price : Then, the college friend I was going to stay with
UNK: Scarlett Price : told me her boyfriend was moving in. I had to find another place.
UNK: Oh!
UNK: Scarlett Price : But somehow I survived.
UNK: Scarlett Price : Spent a year barely eating, living in a closet.
UNK: Scarlett Price : When a friend mentioned doing this, I thought, "It couldn't be worse."
Castle : - And is it? - Mostly, no.
UNK: Scarlett Price : Thanks for listening.
Beckett : Night, Castle.
Castle : - Going to meet Alexis? - Yeah.
Castle : - Can I come? - No.
Castle : But I want to.
Beckett : Why are you so worried, Castle? I thought you were the cool dad.
Beckett : I am.
Castle : - What's the secret? - All in the breathing, dear.
Castle : No. What's Alexis' secret that she'll tell Beckett about, but not me?
UNK: John Knox : I don't know.
Martha : There are some things a woman wants to talk to another woman about.