UNK: And sometimes when it's freezing
UNK: I feel a little sneezy
UNK: And now I Excuse me? Excuse me? Yeah, noisy boys.
UNK: Is it something you'd like to share with the group?
UNK: No. No, that's okay.
Phoebe : If it's important enough while I'm playing...
Phoebe : ...it's important enough for everyone else.
Chandler : That guy's going home with a note.
David : -I was just saying -Speak up.
UNK: Sorry, l
UNK: I was saying you were the most beautiful woman I'd ever seen.
UNK: And he said that Daryl Hannah...
David : ...was the most beautiful woman he'd ever seen.
UNK: I said I liked her in Splash, but not Wall Street.
UNK: I thought she had a hard quality.
UNK: While Daryl is beautiful in a conventional way...
David : ...you are luminous with a kind of delicate grace.
UNK: Then that's when you started yelling.
Phoebe : We're gonna take a short break.
Chandler : That guy's going home with more than a note.
Ross : Come here, Marcel. Sit here.
Rachel : I can't believe he hasn't kissed you yet.
Rachel : By my sixth date with Paolo, he'd already named both my breasts.
Rachel : Did I just share too much?
Ross : Just a smidge.
UNK: David's, like, a scientist guy. He's very methodical.
Monica : -I think it's romantic. -Me too!
Phoebe : Did you ever see An Officer and a Gentleman?
UNK: He's kind of like the guy I went to see that with.
UNK: Except he's smarter and gentler and sweeter.
Phoebe : I just wanna be with him all the time.
UNK: You know, day and night. And night and day.
Phoebe : And special occasions.
UNK: I see. You're gonna ask him to New Year's.
Chandler : -She's gonna break the pact. -No! No, no.
Phoebe : No. Yeah, could I just?
UNK: -Yeah. I already asked Janice. -What?
Ross : This was a pact! This was your pact!
Chandler : I couldn't handle the pressure. I snapped!
UNK: But that was the worst breakup in history!
Chandler : I'm not saying it was a good idea. I snapped!
Joey : Hi, sorry I'm late.
Chandler : Too many jokes.
Chandler : Must mock Joey.
Joey : Nice shoes, huh?
UNK: God, you're killing me!
Monica : Ross, he's playing with my spatulas again!
Ross : -He's not gonna hurt them, right? -Do you always have to bring him?
Ross : I didn't wanna leave him alone. We had our first fight this morning.