UNK: His and hers alone
Foreman : Nobody wants to follow that.
House : The night just keeps getting better.
House : To Wilson.
UNK: Wilson. Wilson.
Taub : Everything looks fine.
UNK: Nicole's Father : You sure?
UNK: Medically, that's good news.
Thirteen : You feeling feverish or sweating?
Ted : No, I feel lousy, but I don't know why I'm sweating.
Nicole : What is it?
Thirteen : You're not sweating.
Taub : You're lactating.
House : If he can't tell his fiancee he's gay,
UNK: how's he going to tell her he's pregnant?
Chase : His therapists loaded him with hormones.
Foreman : Male hormones don't make you lactate.
UNK: Except they can screw up your thyroid.
Foreman : That was over three months ago,
Foreman : we just started milking him last night.
Chase : So something else screwed up his thyroid. Graves', Hashimoto's...
UNK: No. TSH was normal.
Taub : Pituitary tumor. Could also explain his libido and heart issues.
Thirteen : And if the tumor's big enough, his headaches and syncope.
UNK: Except we cleared him for cancer.
Taub : Didn't say "cancer," prolactinomas can be benign.
House : Check his prolactin level and MRI his pituitary.
Wilson : Sounds like you had fun last night.
House : You believe Chase?
Wilson : I believe Foreman.
Wilson : And they had fun with you. What happened?
House : I realized that they could be my friends.
Nicole : You're serious.
House : And then I sobered up.
Wilson : You weren't that drunk.
Wilson : You managed to find your way into your own little bed last night.
House : I think I sleep better in rocket-ship sheets.
Wilson : No. You want to blame this on the booze,
Wilson : but that's easy. Change is hard.
House : And wisdom is knowing the difference
House : between what you can change...
House : And what you were born with.
Wilson : And cowardice is labeling what you don't wanna change as innate.
Wilson : I was winning this argument.
Taub : Pituitary MRI...
House : Was normal.
House : How are the headaches?
UNK: Terrible.
House : Give me your head.
Cotter : What the hell?
House : I know, it's the first time you heard
House : that sentence with a possessive pronoun.
UNK: Oh, wow, that's better.
Ted : Okay. Enough.
House : How cool is that?
House : You have a Chiari Malformation,
House : a narrowing in the base of your skull that can cut off CSF flow.
House : But it wasn't a problem until the ECT at Breeder Boot Camp