House : The lamer it looks, the better.
Foreman : So we'll do an angio to see if it's blocks or bleeds.
House : You should be a doctor.
UNK: I'm going to check out this new lesbian bar tonight.
House : Your life is awesome.
UNK: You wanna come?
Wilson : I was telling a 33-year-old woman that she has breast cancer.
House : No, you weren't.
Wilson : How do you know? Because if you were,
House : you'd need to see the pain in her eyes
UNK: so she can see the concern in yours.
House : Why are you setting me up on dates with my team?
House : Taub asking me out was quirky,
House : but Thirteen doing it is a barking cat.
Wilson : I'm doing it to help you.
House : By setting me up with a hottie that I can't sleep with?
House : And Thirteen?
Wilson : I've been spending more time with Sam.
Wilson : I know it's been hard on you.
Wilson : I figured if you had some company...
House : I don't need your help.
Wilson : Then consider it helping our neighbor's four-year-old.
House : I gave him a dollar.
House : How much did you have to pay?
UNK: Nothing.
Wilson : I just told them you might be feeling down,
Wilson : and it was in their self-interest to keep you company.
UNK: A hundred bucks. Foreman held out for 200.
UNK: House, I'm worried about you.
UNK: You could've ended up in jail or worse.
House : Racking you with guilt.
House : So I do something really stupid, and you reward me.
House : Read any parenting manual. That's not helping me. That's helping you.
Wilson : Fine, I did it for me, for my relationship, out of pure self-interest.
UNK: Okay.
Wilson : You'll do it?
Taub : For you.
Wilson : Thank you.
House : It's not gonna work, though.
Wilson : Maybe. But how bad can a night out at a lesbian bar be?
UNK: Hey.
Nicole : How are you doing?
Ted : Heart attack at 27.
Nicole : They said you had a head trauma?
UNK: I fell off a stepladder and hit my head. It was a stupid accident.
Nicole : An accident.
Thirteen : We need to prep you for your angio.
Taub : Valium will help you relax.
Thirteen : We're gonna run a line through your femoral artery.
UNK: Ted? He's having another heart attack?
Thirteen : I don't think so. His heart rate seems normal.
UNK: Mmm.
Cuddy : Are you okay?
Taub : You weren't discussing wedding plans, were you?
Ted : No. I guess I just...
UNK: Fainted.
House : POTS. Postural Orthostatic Tachycardia Syndrome.
House : BP plummets when he's upright,
House : reverts to normal when he's lying down.
Taub : He was lying down both times we took his blood pressure.
Thirteen : Protracted hypotension could have induced his heart attack.
Thirteen : Also explains his syncope.
Taub : And his aphasia.
Taub : He was upright, then you laid him down on the bed to test him.
Taub : BP reverted to normal, voice came back.
Taub : Jabbing him with the needle had nothing to do with it.
UNK: POTS can be brought on by viral or bacterial infection such as mono.
House : So load him up with fludrocortisone.
House : You didn't read your ceramics course description, did you?