House : Clinical trials save thousands of lives.
House : He's using patients as guinea pigs.
Cuddy : Pharmaceutical companies do that every day.
House : Are we a pharmaceutical company? We're gonna wind up pressuring desperate patients...
House : into choices that are bad for them, good for us.
UNK: We're gonna compromise patient care. Who the hell am I talking to?
Cuddy : Suddenly ethical lapses are a major concern for you?
House : What's interesting is it suddenly doesn't bother you.
Cuddy : So, if you ignore ethics to save one person it's admirable,
Cuddy : but if you do it to save a thousand, you're a bastard.
Cuddy : All he's done is taken your game and gone pro.
UNK: He's not gonna kill a few patients. He's gonna kill this hospital.
Cuddy : It took him three seconds to size you up.
Cuddy : And surprise, he doesn't like you.
Cuddy : Wear the damn coat.
Foreman : Hello. I'm, uh, Dr. Foreman. I work with Dr. House.
Foreman : Our initial tests say you're fine.
UNK: We think you had a clot, but it resolved on its own.
Foreman : So, we're gonna keep you overnight to be safe, and you can go back home tomorrow...
Foreman : or back to work.
UNK: Hey, are you okay?
Foreman : Get in here! I need a line in her. I.V. morphine, stat!
UNK: You get any read on the new chairman of the board?
Foreman : - Yeah, he took your parking space. - It's not necessarily bad news.
Foreman : Do you ever watch Gilligan's Island reruns...
Foreman : and really, really think they're gonna get off the island this time?
Cameron : We should introduce ourselves. It couldn't hurt.
UNK: Make him a Bundt cake. A patient hit a 10 on the pain scale. What would explain that?
Chase : There was no clot in her leg. The angio was totally clean.
House : What about the muscle biopsy?
Chase : No neurogenic or myopathic abnormalities.
UNK: She was also negative for trichinosis. No toxoplasmosis or polyarteritis nodosa.
Cameron : Robert, what was her sedimentation rate?
Chase : Normal, Allison.
Chase : Therefore, no inflammation, no immunologic response.
Cameron : Do you mind sharing that number with me?
Chase : Fifteen, Allison.
Cameron : - Are you mocking me? - Duh, Allison.
Cameron : I'm just suggesting we look outside the box. What if her sed rate is elevated?
Chase : Well, let's go further outside the box. Let's say the angio revealed a clot.
UNK: And then let's say we treated that clot,
Chase : and now she's all better and personally thanked me by performing...
UNK: My Aunt Elyssa lives in Philadelphia.
UNK: Oh, it's story time. Let me get my "baba".
Cameron : Her normal temperature is 96.2, not 98.6 like you and me.
Cameron : If her temperature were 98.6, she'd have a fever.
Cameron : I'm just wondering if you think we could apply the same logic to Carly's sed rate.
UNK: It's absurd.
House : I love it.
Cameron : If 15 is high for Carly, then she has inflammation.
House : Which could, in turn, mean cancer. I'll talk to Wilson.