Surgeon : Okay, ready for the donor heart.
Cameron : They just stopped Carly's heart, and your dumb patient...
UNK: They're all... Oh, the guy who can't talk. Mr. Van Der Meer.
UNK: He's scheduled an appointment to see you. Oh, goody.
Cameron : I wanted you to know Chase is worried you're going to fire him.
House : It's bad enough that screwups cost lives.
House : Now we've got Vogler, screwups cost jobs.
House : I want Chase scared.
House : I want him doing everything he can to protect his job.
Cameron : Dr. House, if you were in his position, wouldn't you be more likely to perform well if you were reassured...
House : Oh, will you stop it with the book? Why are you doing this?
Cameron : I'm not doing anything. You're manipulating everyone.
Cameron : People... dismiss me.
Cameron : Because I'm a woman. Because I'm pretty.
Cameron : Because... I'm not aggressive.
Cameron : My opinions shouldn't be rejected just because people don't like me.
House : They like you.
House : Everyone likes you.
Chase : Do you?
Cameron : I have to know.
UNK: No.
UNK: Okay.
UNK: Five hours, 23 minutes. That's fast.
Robin : Is that good or bad? It depends.
House : Either surgery went really well, or it ended really abruptly.
UNK: Textbook. She'll outlive us all.
Boardmember : Thank you.
UNK: Triage nurse, pick up line 2741.
House : So, sing for me.
House : Oh, no, no, no, no. Come on, look.
House : When you had your surgery, you were intubated. The surgeon stuck a tube down your throat.
House : Now, it never happens and it's never caught, but it happened.
UNK: Your vocal cords were paralyzed. I treated the spastic dysphonia with Botox.
House : Ironically, a substance that tightens every other corner of your face.
UNK: It actually loosens the tongue. I have healed you. You can talk.
House : Oh, well.
UNK: Boo!
UNK: Okay.
House : You don't have to say anything. It can be our little secret.
House : If you can talk, blink twice.
House : But you're not going to,
House : because you think you won't be entitled to the money you won in the settlement with Simpson.
House : Yesterday, I would have said you had to give the money back.
House : Today, hospital's come into a lot of money.
House : Mum's the word.
UNK: Hey.
UNK: Hey.
UNK: I know the cardiologist has given you some guidelines,
UNK: a schedule of medication and a strict diet.
UNK: Just what somebody with an eating disorder needs.
UNK: So I thought I'd get you started.
UNK: Fried chicken from the Carnegie Deli.
Carly : - You're kidding. - Yeah.
House : Actually, I got it downstairs.